The restaurant is pretty bad my daughter got sick from the Turkey Sandwich and no place within walking distance. One must get a ride to any other place. Makes it tough when there for a conference.

Not a 4-Star in my opinion. Not flexible, you have to come all the way down from however high your room is to use the microwave. They are not helpful and to me not very hospitable. You have to flush multiple times to get the toilet to completely flush.

I stayed at the Hilton Hotel in Hasbrouck for several days and booked my stay through Expedia for the first time. Initially, there was an issue with my reservation because it wasn't confirmed at the time of booking; however, I received the confirmation email later. Fortunately, Daniel at the front desk was able to accommodate my needs, ensuring a comfortable and peaceful stay. I appreciate his help and the hotel’s hospitality.

A bit dated. Staff is nice. Decent breakfast buffet.

Daniel & Kim were very warm & welcoming from the time we arrived. The location is perfect & the everything is aesthetically pleasing. I’ll definitely stay here every trip. Be sure to say hi to Daniel & Kim. They’ll be sure to greet you with a smile.

Excellent!

The waiter Elvin was SOOOO nice and helpful!!! The shower force is EXCELLENT!!! The room was clean.

This is a good place to stay if you need to be in the area. The rooms are clean and well kept. Staff was nice and helpful. The restaurant had a good hot breakfast buffet and dinner offerings were okay. Parking is free and location is good for turnpike connections. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is close to a regional airport. While we were able to sleep, there were periods where planes come low over the hotel. We stayed for a wedding and it was fine.

Okay we come here for work all of the time, and I dread when we have to get up early early mornings or late nights for our flights, but I will say, a HIGHLIGHT of all the Hilton hotels we stay at, seriously, is being greeted and seeing Debbie at the front desk- truly- she is so kind and so helpful- she really does go above and beyond, we know each other by name and she seriously makes it a point to be so kind to us, even if she just worked all night long, we love you Debbie!!!!! - Erika from America

We stay here at least two or three times a year, with each stay lasting 3 or 4 nights. We’ve always had a pleasant stay with a clean room. The entire staff - front desk, restaurant, and housekeeping - are all extremely friendly. This past stay we found out in the middle of our last night that our flight was cancelled for the next day. All flights at LGA had been cancelled and it was difficult to find a flight. We decided our best option was to stay another day and fly out of another airport. We were definitely at wits end after that. Debbie at the front desk was amazing at getting us booked for another night in the same room. This hotel staff has always come through with every request. We will continue to come back!

Stayed at this facility in March 26. The had the high school staying at this facility.  I was in room 124. The staff we very nice, they served breakfast for all the school groops. The food was good, the staff were friendly. The facility was very clean! I would come back from being out all day, the staff cleaned the rooms, it felt nice. Out standing staff especially the people that kept the room s

very good

I recently hosted a Celebration of Life event for my grandmother at the Hilton, and the entire experience was exceptional. The catering and food were fantastic, and Dora was incredibly attentive—making sure our group of 50 had everything we needed throughout the event. Marlon was also extremely helpful, ensuring all the logistics were handled perfectly, from the podium to the lighting.

The planning process was seamless thanks to Donna and Stephanie, who made organizing the event easy from the very beginning. Every member of the staff we interacted with was kind, professional, and genuinely supportive during such a meaningful occasion for our family.

It truly couldn’t have gone better. I’m so grateful to the entire team for helping us create such a beautiful and memorable gathering.

Everything landed well from the start. The front desk team handled the arrival with a kind of quiet confidence that made the whole check-in feel like running into people who actually wanted you there. The room was tidy and genuinely silent in a way that felt earned rather than accidental, breakfast was simple but done with real attention, and the neighbourhood outside contributed something most hotels can't manufacture: stillness. But the thing that stays with you is the honesty of the value. The level of care here has no business existing at this price point, and that gap between expectation and reality is exactly what makes the place so easy to recommend and so difficult to stay away from.

Una buena opción y de las más económicas cerca del American Dream Mall, amplio estacionamiento, el cuarto es más amplio que los de NY y la atención es buena más no exelente. Hay un bar y restaurant dentro del mismo hotel, un Gym pequeño, fines de semana parece que usan mucho las salas de conferencia para eventos multinivoe y religiosos, así que talvez encuentres mucha gente si quieres usar el área del Gym en el lower level. LA Llave DE la regadadrea en nuestro cuarto no funcionaba bien y no nos tomamos la molestia de llamar a recepción para que lo arreglen pero deben poner más atención en todos los pequeños detalles.

Could use more gym equipment and cleaning supplies

From check in to dinner to check out this hotel is great. I am a Hilton Whore so I always stay at Hilton properties unless I have to stay elsewhere because of a work. From check in with Kim to dinner at bar with Abdul was great. Kim was a delight after driving a lot all day. She was pleasant and really knew how to greet a guest. She is an absolute pleasure to see after a long day!||||Abdul is one of the best I have seen at a Hilton. He is easy to talk to, knows what he is talking about, and simply makes the night as a guest of the hotel a reason to return. He gets it!  As a former DOS at a hotel Abdul is the employee I would want representing me ||||I highly recommend the Hilton in Hackensack and will be back!

Stayed here 1 week and was happy I left. Every single day the fire alarm went off. Very annoying and inconvenient. The last straw was a carbon monoxide leak in the early morning. We could’ve died in our sleep!! The glass shower door didn’t glide. Old furniture.

Working at Hilton Hasbrouck has always been a pleasure. With its practical layout and supportive staff, we’ve successfully managed countless events here, each running efficiently from start to finish. @bukharagrillcaterers

I had a deeply disappointing experience at this property during an already difficult time, as my family and I were in New Jersey to bury my grandmother.

Upon check-in, the room condition did not match the hotel’s description as “recently renovated.” The room appeared worn, the pillows had an unpleasant odor, and the shower had a damp, musty smell. When I contacted the front desk shortly after check-in to request a room change or cancellation, the associate was dismissive and unhelpful.

That same night, my family who were staying in a second room, were displaced by a fire alarm that was not resolved until early morning. They were unable to safely remain in the hotel and had to sleep in their car overnight. The following day, there was also no hot water available at the property.

Between the room conditions, safety disruption, lack of hot water, and the way concerns were handled by staff, this stay fell far below basic hospitality standards, especially for a Hilton property. As a premium Hilton Honors member, this experience was unacceptable and extremely disappointing.

The hotel has nice facilities, clean rooms, and good housekeeping (I stay here about once a month).  Maria and Abdul at the bar are excellent (they really belong in hospitality).  The kitchen produces good food (mostly from scratch I think).  The hotel has a captive clientele of professional pilots (I am one).  Most of the CSR’s at the front desk are helpful (seems a few of the more tenured ones tend to be more “curmudgeonly” - like me😉 ).

The problem is the regular evacuation alarms (which destroys your nights rest).  In the last three years I’ve experienced 18 alarms at this hotel.  It’s common enough that the regulars at the bar will occasionally comment “I hope we don’t have another fire alarm tonight”.  It’s a little hard to take the alarms seriously anymore (but the alarm is indeed piercingly loud and usually lasts 1-3 hours).  If they are false, it’s really annoying, if they are real, you have to wonder what’s wrong with the facility that generates alarms that regularly.  Outside in the cold the only answers you get are the frustrating and condescending “we don’t know” and “it’s for your own safety”.  I’ve sat on this review for 6 months.  This morning I was rousted at 5 AM with my 18th alarm and decided to submit the review.  While waiting outside 3 hours this morning one of the firemen said this hotel generates more emergency calls than all the other hotels in the area combined.

This place is a dump! Don’t stay here. It’s noisy in the rooms, the hotel will run out of hot water, fire alarms go off often, there is no safe way to walk to anything to eat, the restaurant if very very expensive, the one cable machine in the gym has been broken for months.  Disaster

Update! It’s months later and the broken cable machine has been totally removed and now has a bike instead! lol! And the fire alarm is going off again!!! This place is a joke! Stay away!!!

Stay here for my trip to NYC. Great location where is close to the bus terminal. Nice and clean room for your nights. If you pay a little more, you also can get NYC skyline view in your window. Recommended for travellers who are driving here.

Hilton.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Do yourself a favor and don’t stay here. I have never had such a bad hotel experience in just my first 24 hours here. Between a broken phone, broken shower, being told I need to check out and check back in after the first night of a 4 night visit and then being given a key that doesn’t work by a very rude front desk worker (if I say “I hope you have a nice day” I feel like the least you could say is “you too”)
For $500 a night I’d expect a lot better, at least the rooms are clean.

This was the final straw. Never again. Forget the fact that I am a diamond lifetime member.  I stayed 265 nights at hiltons this year alone. I am loyal to them. This hilton is not loyal to me. The 2 front desk girls who are there longest are leaving.  The new employees act like they own the hotel. The way they treated me was so uncalled for. One employee has been rude to me since day one. I told the front desk manager a few times and his response was..  your targeting her. Most ridiculous comment I ever heard. I told him about her because of the way she acts towards me. Giving keys that don't work. Not putting me in clean quiet room as I requested.  Checking if I took more than 2 snacks which btw I am entitled too. After paying 300 a night and they charge 100 per night incidental hold which was $400.o asked the gm not to charge me 100 per night. 3 other hiltons in the area dont charge me incidental fees. He said...." I will take care of it". Then he didn't. Mixed messages?.and btw the fire alarm goes off repeatedly in the middle of the night and all guests must walk down from 10th floor or less. This hasn't been fixed in years.  Overall. I always have bad stays and the front desk agent told me I always complain
He needs to learn
I am a good guest
I am diamond
And if you dont speak up ...nothing changes. He even called me pushy. That's not the way I will treat my guests when my restaurant opens in a few months nearby.  Now I am staying at a hilton where I feel appreciated and valued. Not at the hasbrouck heights hilton. Never!!

Clean room. Confy beds. Location is ok for business and if you have a car to move around, otherwose it is a bit isolated in my view.

Restaurant has good food and Great Service!!

Love it here close to all the highways

The views in this place are spectacular.  This location for travel, driving or public trans is the most convenient. For the "just in case", the 7/11 is up the entrance, to the right when exiting the location.

Great choices of snacks in the lobby. Has a bar and restaurant which is convenient to wind down at the end of the day the breakfast is decent. Definitely nothing fancy but it's good for the stay and quick bite in the morning.

On December 5, 2025 I visited this hotel, got there very late around 11pm. I have been to many hotels in different parts of the world but this is by far my worst experience. I booked this hotel because a friend is having a wedding at the hotel and staying there was made more sense. My first experience was with the security guard who I asked to show me the restroom, he asked “ do you have a rooms here “ this guy saw me enter the hotel with my luggages on a cart. Well I pretended I didn’t hear the question, then a woman at the reception asked “ what is he doing here”. Long story short, she asked him to escort me to the bathroom. This guy stayed at the bathroom for me to finish whatever I was doing and escorted me back to the reception to check. I got there and it was this lady again, she looked so mad as if she had a problem with me. Not too sure if it is because I am black but these people treated me and my wife as if we didn’t belong there. Not sure if management will see this review but I think this is the worst thing any customer will want to experience.

In June 2024, I stayed at this beautiful hotel for three nights, sponsored by Schluter Systems North America for the Schluter Systems Innovation Workshop Part II. The experience was unforgettable, with excellent service, cleanliness, spacious rooms, friendly staff, and an especially modern renovated bathroom. The location was perfect, making it easy to get anywhere, especially to the Big Apple if you have the chance. Highly recommend staying here.

[Reply to Owner]: Thank you for the kind response! My stay was especially memorable with a reunion dinner at the hotel, and I look forward to returning soon — whether visiting my friend nearby or on a business trip to NYC.

11/15 Second time here. Another one night stay, West side room, quiet, clean and pretty much the same as the first room i stayed in.
This time #923

10/4/25 first time and one night stay.
Easy check in, quiet room. Extra glass over the window to help with any traffic noise from rte 80. Was on the 7th floor East facing, never heard the highway.
Coffee maker in the room. Nice shower and nice size bathroom.
Good TV. Safe in closet.

Was there for Anime convention

Nice staff. Food was very overpriced.

Quick ride into The Bronx.

I recently completed my stay at Hilton Hasbrouck Heights and it was such a pleasant experience. From the front desk staff to the banquets team, everyone was so easy to work with. And everyone was here to support you and ensure things were going seamlessly. Want to give an extra shoutout to Parth, Mae, Alan, Fern and Daniel from the front desk team that made our stay so seamless, especially given out party size - we had an amazing working with them. Lastly, shoutout to Donna, Stephanie and Helen for being the best events team ever!!!!

It was good …

I was here once, a long time ago. The service was quite good and it was quite comfortable!

Hotel was nice but needs updates.

40th HIGH-SCHOOL REUNION HAD A GREAT TIME

There was a wedding blasting from 6pm - 2 AM preventing me from sleeping. It was horrible our Fridge didn’t work no microwave,There was a buzzing in our room all night, Couldn’t sleep.

Very Small rooms. The worst audio show I have been too! The New York audio show should be in New York! Not New Jersey. I WON'T BE BACK. SAD...

4th visit always great service

I was there for a Stamp Show which they have once a year. I did not stay at the hotel but from everything I saw her as well kept clean with plenty of parking

Great place Great people

Clean hotel. Service was excellent.  Rooms need a little tlc from wear. Shower pressure was very good. No issues with hot water for us.

Clean /professional/staff and great location

I am private driver.At 4.25amToday -09/24/25..I went there to pick up customer.I wanted to use rest room.Security guy told me it was closed.Then lady told him it was ok.So that guy some reason he followed me to the rest room that was embarrassing.When I was going out he was by the doors of rest room.I did not understand why.I asked him his nemse he did not tell me.Then my customer came and u told the story.He said security left front door and he protected us from you but anybody came front door and nobody was at the door.He told me share my story.All the time I am coming to that hotel never faced that situation.
And I did not understand he was smiling all the time it was scary.Please check your camera.
By the way please do not let people work there if they do not any experience.This is HILTON.It is national company.
Sincerely

This hotel is maybe one star and is in a horrible location. Nothing walkable but a 7-11. If you are stuck at this hotel (one night) you will be ok. Anything more than that- Uber Eats will be your best friend. The restaurant SUCKS. The breakfast buffet is maybe lukewarm. The potatoes are straight out of a freezer, (it doesn’t take much to dress up some frozen potatoes) onions, peppers someone who cares. If you can stay somewhere else I would.

My family and I were long overdue for a trip and decided to stay at the Hilton (9/18/25) because of its proximity to all the activities we had planned and the positive recommendations we had heard from others. Unfortunately, our personal experience was very disappointing.

Upon arrival, the gentleman responsible for checking us in was not only unprofessional but also rude, responding with unnecessary attitude and dismissiveness. Hoping to resolve the situation respectfully, I asked to speak with a manager. To my surprise, the manager displayed the same lack of courtesy and professionalism, speaking to me in a manner that left me feeling belittled and unwelcome.

As a guest, I believe that kindness, respect, and basic hospitality should be at the core of any hotel experience. Sadly, that was not the case here. Because of the treatment we received, my family and I decided not to stay and took our business elsewhere. It is disappointing to walk away from a brand we expected much better from, especially when choosing Hilton specifically for its reputation of guest care and quality service.

The carpet in the room was dirty, rundown and smelly not a good look for the Hilton brand.

My stay at the Hilton was nothing short of exceptional! From the moment I arrived, the staff greeted me with warmth and professionalism, making me feel truly welcomed. The room was spotless, spacious, and elegantly designed, with every detail carefully thought out for maximum comfort. I especially loved the plush bedding and stunning city views from my window.

The cable machine broke and they replaced it with a pelaton? Come on guys. Is a cable machine to much to ask for

Rooms are super small the rugs smell like they’ve had every type of horrible spit, spill body fluids on them absolutely nasty. The walls have dings scratches dents all over them. The shower leaks out the bathroom floor into the hallway. This place should be condemned. It definitely needs a major remodel. Looks like it hasn’t been done in 50 years. Don’t stay here I would find a motel 6 that’s probably better than this. The couches are also nasty dirty filthy need a bedsheet to cover it up before you sit down on one.|It seems like every person I’ve dealt with at the front desk is rude. Nasty don’t really care to seem to be here. Just going up to buy a snack and it’s like they mad that you’re wasting their time.|The windows are filthy. |You can hear every noise in the hallway all night Long walls are super thin. There’s too many other nice hotels around go stay somewhere else!

wifi not working for hours no explanation given

Haven't been there yet.  I'm going in October for the HiFi Show.  I am super stoked.

Can't sleep. Guest next door slamming doors and partying. Can't call the front desk because room phones don't work. Got dressed twice already and went down 8 flights. Desk lady does nothing.  No managers at night. This hotel cares only about pilots staying here. No cameras in hallways either. Now I don't feel safe.

Went to the front to get a coffee. The lady at the front says it’s not free. The first words coming from the employees . So rude and unprofessional . Then she  don’t want to sell the cofee . Train the employees first before you sell any thing!

Malicious practices with credit cards and rude management. Avoid at all costs.

We stayed from 8/28/25 and checked out on 8/31/25.  Arrived via Newark Airport and checked in around 3 pm.  Surprised to learn that there is an early check-in fee of $25 (check in time is 4.00 pm).  Room carpet needs to go and replaced with vinyl planks so more sanitary - my nasal polyps flared up on the third night.  Two water bottles in the room came in handy.  However, on the second day, requested a water bottle from the front desk and the young attendant said "$3/bottle."  The service staff has also been instructed to not give out any water bottles.  The faucet was loose.  Car/truck noise from the street, although the city view was nice. Our couple friends in the nearby room said that on their first day, they did not get any cold water and the hot water was extremely hot.  The wedding event in one of the lower level ballroom had a good ambiance.  Location is very close to the highway. Shower was great. Breakfast available for purchase - we bypassed it. Plenty of free parking.

Positive: "" Negative: Fire alarm went off 5:30 am. I call front desk and they stated its a confirmed false alarm, but still required us to leave the building.

Overall nice hotel. Friendly staff. Clean rooms.

Not a bad experience overall. The hotel was comfortable and convenient. I ventured down to Times Square for the evening—just a quick 10-minute walk to the bus stop, a 30-minute ride, and I was right in the middle of the action in under an hour. Great experience!

We work a lot at a nearby hospital so this is pretty much where we have to stay. The rooms are older and not great but it is what it is. There is a restaurant and we did enjoy a dinner there the first night. The bartender was great and they have that in their favor. There is plenty of parking but get there early as it fills up fast.  Perfectly fine as far as older hotels go.

The staff & management is amazing! I definitely recommend having an event here. We had a family reunion & they were there every step of the way.

Terrible customer service. Called my room and said I had 30 minutes to leave or the police would be called. I am a disabled person with a service animal. DO NOT TRUST THIS PLACE OR THE MANAGEMENT

I stayed here 2 nights to attend an even at Met Life stadium (driving up from Philadelphia).  I was a little hesitant after the mixed reviews, but overall it was pretty positive.   The room was clean and appeared to be recently updated.   Clean, modern TV (with Netflix etc), nice bathroom, decent beds.  ||The complaint I have is there is basically no sound insulation from the hallway.  Person opening the door next to you sounds like they are coming into your room.  People talking in the hallway?  Sounds like they are in your room.  There was a wedding party staying at the hotel our first night, and while they weren't particularly loud, there were a few people talking near our room in the hallway (at normal volume) around midnight and it felt really loud since our room was silent at that point.  Thankfully it only lasted a few minutes, but it could have been worse if it had been a poorly behaved group.  Didn't notice any noise at all on the second night.||It's an easy Lyft/Uber ride to Met Life.  Getting out of Met Life Stadium is a mess, but I don't think that's avoidable due to the Met Life set up.  (We eventually found a taxi out of it, but talked to other people who said it took them 2 hours to get out.  That's not the fault of the hotel, though.)||We drove back to Philadelphia on Monday morning around 8:30AM and didn't hit much traffic at all.  I'm not sure if that was just lucky, but it seemed like the hotel was situated in a spot relative to NYC that let us get to I-95 south without getting sucked into NYC traffic (although we hit a fair bit of NYC traffic on Saturday afternoon on our way to the hotel.)||There is no free breakfast.  There is a 7-11 right next door to the hotel and we walked up there to get basic snack food each day.   ||Hotel fitness center needs a little work.  Cable machine was broken and looked like it was broken for a while.  Managed to get a short workout in, anyway, but they should fix it.||Parking was free and plentiful.  I'd say here again if I were going to Met Life Stadium.  It was close enough that it was pretty easy to get there, but not so close that they had jacked up the room rates for the event.  (Some closer hotels were charging insane rates.)

Stephanie, Helen, Colleen and the entire staff were INCREDIBLE.  We had a large block of rooms for 4 nights and also used the ballrooms.  THEY WERE FANTASTIC!

Will keep it simple from a frequent visitor (unfortunately), unsafe to walk anywhere, fire alarms going off late at night, grinders starting in the hall at 8am (I got in at 2am trying to sleep), people double booked trying to walk into your room, a gym that’s been broken for 5 months. Just stay somewhere else, the staff couldn’t care less about any of the issues.

As a Hilton Gold member, I can say that this stay exceeded my expectations. Sometimes acknowledging great staff that go above and beyond expectations is important.

Throughout our stay, Debbie was absolutely phenomenal and tended to our wedding party with the utmost care and professionalism. She is an invaluable asset to the company and deserves praise and recognition for her outstanding attention and care.

A lot of staff should take note, as the experience with her during our stay has been nothing short of delightful.

Check out is at 10 and tried to check in at 3:40 for 4pm and there was so no available rooms. Staff was getting angry that we kept trying to get a room but in reality this is their backlash.

Definitely not 4 stars. Bathrooms are okay but the hotel itself is average at best.

Positive: Cleanliness & friendly Negative: No pool

So I arrived early they do charge you a $30 fee to check in early which I think it’s kind of crazy since the rooms are available  but the worst part is the rooms. The rooms are very dirty. You could tell that they have not been cleaned at all as soon as I walk in there was make up stains all over the walls foundation. Once I get to the bed, the bed was full of stains. Looks like they used the same sheets from the previous people. The room was extremely dirty. I did ask them to change me to another room which they did because I did provide a video and the second room was decent but very dusty like it has not been rented for a while overall, this Hilton is not an upscale Hilton.

Pretty bad hotel. There was no hot water; the elevators don’t work 90% of the time so we just used the stairs to go up and down even with luggage. The water was also temporarily down early in the morning for a few hours one day so that was great

Excellent hotel! Everyone is extremely nice and made my stay here comfortable. Very clean and welcoming hotel. Everyone is happy and smiling.

Just had an amazing stay at the Hilton in Hasbrouck Heights—the room was super cozy and the view of the NYC skyline was a nice surprise! Plus, the staff made me feel right at home with their warm smiles and local tips.

Five Stars for Debbie, the front desk supervisor, and the breakfast crew! ||Debbie who was so helpful, kind, and personable. She helped our group with an issue and resolved it quickly and efficiently. She also found my lost glasses! Hilton is lucky to have Debbie as their representative. ||Also, the breakfast servers and staff were stellar and so nice to our large group. ||Thank you!

Second or third stay here.
The hotel is comfortable enough.

Very close to TEB airport.

No pool :(

Some members of the staff go the extra mile, which is always greatly appreciated!

Would never stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone. I should have booked a Marriott Hotel as usual, wanted to try Hilton for change .  Room is small, smells bad and the bed had stain on it and when housekeeping came up to change the sheet, he did not even bother to bring pillow cases. I asked to check out tonight and move to another hotel, they would not give me a refund.  I will switch hotel in the morning for sure to a Marriott hotel.  Also when I asked to speak to supervisor, I was told that he went somewhere and will not be back for half an hour.

I enjoyed my stay, the hotel is beautiful--The two young women upfront this morning (one with glasses and one with a curly bun) were extremely kind and understanding regarding booking errors on my part, but this ensured a wonderful stay for my group.

Mala conducta de las personas en el lobby , en el turno de noche del día  lunes una de ellas es muy ruda , y habla de forma burlona , no sabe expresarse bien habla de una manera odiosa , no sabe cómo dirigirse a los clientes .

Positive: The ambious, the customer care Negative: ""

Easy to get too with a nice bar restaurant. Clean room and bathroom. As a gold member, you are supposed to get a breakfast credit of $15 daily. They said it would show up on final bill.  Nothing less than $18 and I didn't receive a credit. Lady at the desk was too busy with night audit to check me out so I didn't know until late after leaving. Not a big deal, it's $15. Just that they need to do what they say and be helpful for a smooth checkout. Digital checkout was not available.

If you are loyal to the Hilton brand...it's essentially a polished Garden Inn....or your typical "worn" double tree that was probably a Sheraton or something that went bankrupt.

The rug by the night table  was wet like someone had spilled something. The room didn't have a  microwave.  The restaurant food was terrible.  We had dinner at the Bistro the thai coconut chicken, was tasteless, and the  chicken wings were overcooked.  The restaurant food was overpriced! Don't spend your money eating at the hotel. The hitek does not  meet the expectations of a Hilton Hotel.

I have stayed there for three nights. Instead of highways nearby, you will sleep well there. Nice furniture, TV channels, design, and bathroom is also so good. Take a time and give yourself a relax there.

As an old coot who drives tour bus for a living,  I rate hotels on a few simple items. 1. Parking,  this gets 2 thumbs up. 2. Clean,  I got bedbugs in Jersey once, and that was 1 too many. Thumbs up on cleanliness. 3. Comp breakfast. Thumbs down. 4. High rise toilet,  and toilet paper you can easily reach without twisting into a pretzel. Both thumbs down. 5. A cup of tea or coffee in the morning,  or better yet, all day. Gonna cost you $3.50 here.  Thumbs down. This is my wish list, yours may well differ.

Another great stay at the Hilton.  Our 5th stay and we wouldn't keep coming back if  the hotel wasn't top notch!

My daughter‘s celebration with Terrell Merrill

Stayed here when we travelled to see the Eras Tour. It was a nice hotel with comfortable beds and great staff. Plenty of parking n

Just finished a group stay here at the hotel and it was wonderful. Great breakfast and meeting area, rooms were clean and nice, good location, plenty of space for bus parking, easy lower level access for bus loading zone, wonderful staff. Thank you for making it such a pleasant trip for our group!

I think it’s recently renovated. Rooms were really nice. Location is a bit near nothing but if you’re in NJ for something it’s proximal enough.

Clean hotel & friendly staff. We were lucky to have a room with a view of NYC. The carpet needs update though

Go Unblinded event venue once again....

Great location for a business meeting.

Room seems like it was cleaned to the bare minimum. Bathroom had hair from previous visits on sink and tub.

Service was friendly. Nice bar and dining experience.

Super

Wonderful place

Amazing

Καλη θεα , το δωμάτιο λιγο παραμελημένο,

Hi Donna, Stephanie, and Suzana,
Brenda and I are so thankful for your major role in making The Inclusive Wedding Summit a success. First of all, it was such a delight to meet, spend time and get to know all of you. And every step of the way was done with care and flexibility. The food and servers were great, the room was comfortable and set up just the way we needed.

My favorite airport if I'm overnighting in teterboro. Very good restaurant and bar and very clean modern tidy rooms

早餐供應的種類太少，沒有優格和切好的水果，只有不新鮮的蘋果和柳橙

One of the worst hotel in the world! During summer the common area are super hot and moist as they don't put AC. In winter they are freezing cold as they don't put heating. Walked into a room that was 50F... Took 5h to heat it up. Restaurant downstairs is getting worse and worse and people are complaining of food poisoning. Avoid at all cost!

Only stay here cause the company makes us. Front sliding doors have been broken or turned off for months. More than likely something will break during your stay like the boiler an elevator your toilet. Only positives are easy access to 80 East and Teterboro airport RT17 and US46.

I called to ask a few questions because I have a 40 ft trailer and it’s nyc area. Once I asked if they offer military discounts the woman became disgruntled. Didn’t answer my question and said that it maybe will apply when you book a reservation. Was very rude to me and then hung up on me. Come on Hilton, I expect better from your customer service. Definitely not staying there now

Fire alarms have gone off after 10pm. This has happened the last 4 out of 4 times. This happened so often that I stopped coming for over a year. Front desk service is improving and breakfast is good here.

The dining experience was the best. Great location

Well matained

Love the beds and pillows 😴

Family of 4, stayed at the hotel for 4 days, enjoyed it. The room is quite large, bright, clean. American breakfast was included, the food was fresh and delicious. The staff was friendly.

Nice enough room, but poor workmanship on everything.  Restaurant food was good in the evening, we didn't eat breakfast here (go to Foodies).  Location was good, because this is where I got tired of driving.

This is not a great hotel. It’s fairly nice and clean, but the Managment is riding on the fact they have a good location. Service is ‘meh’ as is expected with any Hilton brand, but especially flippant staff here. And the hotel gets so many visitors that though it’s been through a semi-recent remodel it’s wearing out quickly. Door locks don’t function properly, one of my lights in the bathroom didn’t work. Rooms are not quiet. You can hear everything from outside to other guests and to people’s doors in the hallway, bring white noise or ear plugs for sure.

And there’s no food within walking distance, so you have to eat on property, the food is decent, but nothing to write home about.

Again, they have an attitude of ‘we’re making money still so no need to change’ it’ll bite them in the butt one day, until then us who have to stay here because our work booked it for us have to grin and bear it.

AND ITS NOT EVEN THAT CHEAP!!! $200+/night

I visited this hotel briefly for an anime convention, and while I didn’t stay overnight, I had the opportunity to explore its facilities. The back lobby could definitely be larger to accommodate large crowds — during the event, it felt very cramped and difficult to navigate.

The air conditioning was underwhelming, especially considering the number of people in attendance. It got uncomfortably warm, and stronger AC would have made the experience more pleasant. Additionally, the lighting near the elevators, especially on the upper floors, was quite dim and felt unsafe — it could really use improvement.

The in-hotel restaurant was a bit confusing to navigate. The staff seemed inconsistent in enforcing policies about where you could sit or whether outside food was allowed in certain areas. Better communication and flexibility would go a long way.

Overall, the hotel has potential, but these issues — lighting, climate control, and unclear policies — were noticeable during my visit. It may work better for smaller events or guests simply passing through, but for large-scale gatherings, some upgrades are definitely needed.

Was coming in for a wedding and searched two weeks from pretty much the Newark area to Jersey City and all the hotel reviews were horrible except this one and the Best Western in Lodi. I don't know what all the complaints are about here. I found this place to be clean, modern, beds were comfortable pretty much in a good location to get to all of the attractions nearby. Yes there are two highways nearby but unless you're from the cornfields of Iowa, I didn't find this to be a problem as where I live is off traffic roads anyway. And believe me it wasn't that bad I fell asleep woke up at 3:00am and it was quiet. And as far as the room noise...I didn't have or hear anything other than maybe some front door slamming when people left, but that's typical of any hotel. Just bring some earplugs if you're worried like I did. The only complaint I would have is that you have to pay for "continental breakfast" and the quality of the food isn't any better than any continental breakfast somewhere else. If you're not a Hilton member then the price is $22. My other complaint would be that it was hard to get a hold of the staff when called, due to people checking in and out I guess. At the time of my trip in December the hotel wasn't overcrowded. Make sure you have a car because Uber/Lyft is a little expensive just to go 2 miles. To SUM up.. I definitely would recommend it and would stay again by far the best in the area from my research.

This is one of the worst hotel around Teterboro Airport. I really feel sorry for people in aviation industry that force to stay here. Fire alarms at 3 am are becoming regular things at this location. Also shuttle drivers are way busier with driving around and recording other car service driver then just doing their jobs. Definitely not recommending unless you want to wake up two times in a night to false alarm.

They accepted my reservation for a king bed, but when I arrived (at midnight, after driving 6 hours) they stuck me with 2 double beds.
I spoke with front desk and Supervisor Connie claimed they’re all sold out (on a random Tuesday in December, and if I try to make another reservation I’m still able to?) , but still accepted my reservation and didn’t offer me anything for their mistake smh. Also stepped on a loose sharp screw in the room that easily could’ve gone into my foot if I didn’t react in time.
Absolutely unacceptable.

No microwave in room.

The room carpet was so worn, in need of renovations
There is no microwave in the room, so disappointing.
We were there to be closer to the hospital for surgery, scheduled at 5:30, which means we need to get up at 4 am.
At 12:45ish we hear, please evacuate, please evacuate, go to your designated area.
The Fire Alarm was blaring.
Apparently, according to other guests, this is an ongoing occurrence.
No one from the staff explained what was happening.
A better emergency plan execution and procedure expectation needs to be communicated.
No more Hilton for me. I will be trying to contact Paris.

We were the there for an event but didn't stay. There was a rap concert on the 12th floor and the view of NYC was spectacular!

Some don't like this hotel but I do.   The rooms are quiet and clean.  The comforter isn't thick but not flat.   Breakfast is good and service is always great.  The iron was clean.  My only complaint is nothing to eat within easy walking distance.

I came for the convention with a friend, and we wanted to get food, my friend has a condition so they can’t eat food from restaurants, they were told they cant bring their own food from home to eat, lady was being unnecessarily rude, and was basically telling my friend to leave or eat somewhere else, apparently the workers in Hilton are too dense to realize people can have health conditions and can’t eat food from outside, do better. 👎👎👎

My stay in this hotel over the last two days has probably been the worst hotel experience I have ever had. I often travel for business and spend a lot of time at various hotels all over the east coast and I’ve never had one that both nights woke me up due to a fire alarm. The first one was at approximately 3:30 AM and forced all guests, myself included to stand outside in freezing temperatures. Hotel staff wouldn’t provide any explanation after the fire department arrived a cleared the building. On the second night the fire alarm went off again at 12:30, this time several other guests informed me that the first night was due to someone smoking in the hallway. I’m still unsure as of writing this why the second night had a fire alarm but I can only imagine and feel bad for the first responders having to come for something so trivial. Aside from not being able to sleep due to the alarms, the mattress was terrible, as were the pillows, and one of the shower heads were broken. In the future not only will I never return but I will be looking into other hotels and avoiding the Hilton brand as a whole, I’ll happily forego my diamond status for a good nights sleep and a comfortable bed. Others be warned, stay elsewhere

Fire Alarm for the third time I’ve stayed here.  Doubt I’ll make this mistake again.  Overpriced drinks at the bar.

2 Days in a row with emergency evacuation !!

Who the hell wants to be waken up at 3:40am on Nov 14th 2024 (31°) and 12:18am on Nov 15th 2024 (41°) to an obnoxious buzzing sound and warning message over the speaker of an evacuation notice 2 days in a ROW!!

@ HILTON

You must do better than this BULLSHIT !!

Nice facility for events

Been staying here for work for over 20 years! It’s only 15-20 mins from Teterboro airport. Not much around the Hotel for dinning, 7-11 next door. Staff are friendly, bar can get to be quite crowded and service really suffers. Bartenders serve drinks AND retrieve food from the kitchen for patrons at the bar. Restaurant is ok, food is decent. Breakfast is plentiful but same old buffet options. The work out room has plenty of machines and has a decent dumb bell rack. The rooms are fairly standard and hohum. The showers used to leak very BADLY with water leaking out and spreading across to the sink! I haven’t seen this in a while so maybe fixed. The hotel shuttle might give rides to local venues for eating. Interstate 80 is a stones throw away but doesn’t seem to be too loud. Over head jet aircraft arriving into Teterboro is always present but the sound doesn’t seem to penetrate into the rooms. One side of the hotel faces the NYC skyline, the other side faces the glum view of an office building and road interchange.

This place is pure gold! staff are so nice food is amazing I slept amazing i would recommend this hotel and if anyone said there was noise in the review I didn’t hear a single peap when I was trying to go to sleep beds are so comfy and the toilets aren’t loud my room was super clean 5 stars easily

I came to this hotel for the first time because of a program. We rented the seminar hall. It is a modern designed and well-maintained hotel. I don't know about the comfort of the rooms, but I saw many pilots. If pilots come, the rooms are also nice :)

Excellent awards banquet
Food and service very good

Horrible management. Stinky smelly shuttle vans and unprofessional drivers.

I really like this property. Very clean, large room with contemporary furnishings. Duel shower heads and a lighted mirror. I felt very well taken care of.

Was not happy with the people at the front desk at all.

I planned on visiting this hotel  for my birthday however the conversation held with the front desk agent was an immediate turn-off and dissappointment! I will admit the call was at 11:15 at night but to all my questions the young mans response was "i dont have my phone google it" " just goolgle it" , even though he may have not had the answer the aggressive response was rude and unnecessary. Needless to say reservation CANCELLED!

Nice place

A really nice hotel. Helpful staff, clean rooms and the hotel bar/restaurant is good! Definitely popular with the pilots and airline crews so lots of activity most hours of the day and night

Excellent wings.

Great hotel, with great price

We recently got married in the area and had our room block for family and friends here. The hotel is very nice, clean, and reasonable for those that were traveling from out of town. I want to mention Colleen and Stephanie, who we worked directly with through the process. They were both so friendly, helpful, and accommodating throughout the process. Would highly recommend!

Wonderful place

The room is clean but the towers are smelly. I asked room service to give me new set. They did right away. Room service were very nice.
I didn’t like the service in the restaurant, we had to wait for quite a mount of time to be served. It wasn’t even busy. Didn’t have steak knife, had to ask for it. The food was good but didn’t expect that kind of service in a 4 stars hotel.
Team member expected better

Clean comfortable rooms with friendly staff.

I would say that the stay itself the service in the hotel as far as the room goes excellent. This is more about the commentary about the parking lot. We were there for a bowling dinner event and from the 12th floor we noticed that one of the cars was being broken into. We called the front desk and they informed us that they were not responsible which is fine if that's their choice but it's extremely ridiculous that they don't have a security guard in a vehicle just patrolling the lot 24 hours a day. This is an establishment that makes tremendous amount of money and hiring a security company would not cost them too much. This shows that they are cheap and they are not willing to ensure the safety of their guests. So instead of security intervening I and others prevented the robber from breaking into other vehicles. They should be ashamed of themselves for not having proper security on premises. I'm very unhappy with Hilton right now.

We came here for a HS reunion.When we checked in the girl at the desk told us it would be $25.00 for early check in. It was 12 noon. I asked her if the restaurant was open. She said No not until 4:00. Then I saw a bunch of people eating in the lobby. She said oh sorry!! She just found out that they serve lunch!!
The hotel food is like diner food, but worse! The prices for the room, which is outdated is expensive, and the drinks in the hotel were outrageous! $18.00 for a mixed drink. Where do they think they are?
Avoid this hotel!
P.s.
The servers in the restaurant and bartenders were great!
Also the acoustics in the hotel are terrible and the rooms are noisy!
View of parking lot!!

I usually try and stay in Hilton’s because they are pretty predictable. Not this one. I didn’t enjoy our stay here at all.

The stay was a bit stand-offish and borderline rude. The rooms were also really uncomfortable. The beds are small and the pillows are crazy thin.

The only thing that worked out really well was the location. It was perfectly placed between NYC and where we needed to be in NJ.

Clean rooms and a nice quiet place. Elegant lobby!

Good location but lots of noise from highway. Rooms are fine. Clean. Breakfast buffet was way overpriced for what you get. $22 for some scrambled eggs, sausage and fruit? No thanks. Coffee by front desk was terrible the first day and empty the next day. Hotel cable had limited channels (no ESPN).

Rooms are fine but the wifi is a joke, worst I've seen in years. And I'm not talking about streaming a movie here, just surfing Google maps or sending an email. Laptop, iPad, phone, didn't matter. 3 days of internet like we were back in 2003.

Gotta go for the comedy shows . I saw darnell rawlings there .. from the Dave Chappell show

Front desk lacked customer support and assistance.

I recently stayed at Hilton and couldn't be more pleased with my experience. From the moment I walked in, I was greeted by the incredibly friendly and accommodating staff who made me feel right at home. Their attention to detail and willingness to go above and beyond truly made my stay exceptional.

The rooms were spacious, clean, and well-equipped with everything I needed. The comfortable bed, modern amenities, and thoughtful layout made it feel like a home away from home. It was evident that the hotel takes great pride in maintaining their rooms to the highest standard.

The location of Hilton is also fantastic.

I love this hotel.  Renovated rooms.  Very clean.  The service is always great!

Place is worn out.  Had to move rooms at 2am due to person next to me smoking weed.   Just a gross place.

This place is very big and nice. The staff is very friendly, and there is a place in the lobby where you grab a drink if you are waiting for a friend or even grab lunch before your next meeting with a client. It is a great place to stay or even meet with people. Or book business trips.

The view from the 12th floor banquet room was excellent.

Près de NY et grand stationnement, très propre

Friendly staff and clean updated rooms.

Customer service at the front desk is terrible. Both checking in and out.

Great

Very clean and the room had been recently updated.  The restaurant is very good.

I get the global outage happening but I asked if I could extend my reservation as flights were cancelled. The person at the front desk just stated she couldn’t help because the system was down. Didn’t take my room number and details, just said I can’t help you and try to come back before 11, before you have to check out and maybe then I can help you. Terrible service, could have handled that in so many better ways.

Rooms are clean.  Drink prices are exorbitant. No business center?????!!!!??? First Hilton I’ve ever stayed at that doesn’t have a business center.

Worst Hilton property I’ve stayed in. They don’t turn in the AC and the restaurant is closed for lunch lol. Never again

Shower temp lukewarm

Nice little spot nice bar and nice little bistro but to sit in an empty American bar on a Sunday night and be forced to watch JAM-VEN playing soccer is NOT very American 💔
Where did American pride go BFL or bust !!!

Oh and an hour before bar closes the barmen disappears So you can’t order !!
Classic move LoL

Staff was excellent and the rooms clean and modernized

Pretty decent hotel.   Mostly flight crews from teterboro that seem to be staying here.   Restaurant is pretty good for a hotel restaurant.   Not a lot of other options in the area, so dd or Uber for food.   Would stay again though.  Staff is always friendly.

The room wasn't perfect and the highway is noisy, but the people who work here are some of the friendliest I've ever experienced. I was in town for my father's funeral and they made me feel like I was at home away from home.

I checked in on the 3rd. The front desk manager May was inexperienced and did embarass me by telling me that my credit card was a pre-paid card. I had to educate her that it was a credit card. She wouldn't check me in unless I used a different card. She wouldn't let me print the tax exempt form as they have no business center. As such they charged me the occupancy tax unfairly. On check out I spoke with Allen who was extremely rude and did not even make eye contact with me while speaking - he was utterly disrespectful.
I asked for the Manager who just kept walking by me and looking at me like a piece of dirt. This Hilton is run by very rude and disrespectful folks. The waiting staff at the restaurant and room service were cordial. The gentleman at the small shop avoids you and just walks around with his hands behind his back. I would stay at a different hotel than Hilton Hasbrouk Heights

Great place

Overpriced, And My Room Was Burglarized My The Head Of Housekeeping And Stole $850.00. Of Course It Was Reported And Hasbrouck Heights Police Were Notified. No Positive Results. Due To The Fact Of Housekeeper Lies.

Myself and a coworker checked in at 1:30PM. We were told there was a $25 “early check in fee before 2:00PM”   The rooms were ready so nobody went out of the way to get our rooms ready for one, secondly we are both Lifetime Diamond Members which doesn’t mean much here!!

They kept saying it was “Hotel Policy” I asked to see where it was written, as they fumbled for an answer I went to the hotels website. Policies, check in/out….NO mention of any “Early Check” in fee!! Just another example of trying to squeeze every dollar out of people!! Future stays in the area will be at a Marriott !!

Great hotel for an overnight. Especially as a flight attendant.

The hotel was clean, plenty of parking at no extra charge, price was fair.

I am Hilton Honors Gold. When I checked in, I asked for a couple of bottles of water which were lying on the back table and I was told I can only have two small bottles of water. The lock on the door was on the verge of breaking down and malfunctioned. No coffee machine in the room. Good location off the highway.

Really tired hotel. Most staff really nice except for an older lady that checked us in.

If you an always wanted to be homeless and sleep under a highway this hotel will provide you with the ambiance you seek.  Recently remodeled, but poor fitting windows from 30 years ago were left in place.  Trapped between a highway and a major thurofare, the rooms sound like they are on the road.

Debbie at the front desk was extremely professional and pleasant during my check in process. Thanks for an easy check-in!

Great clean rooms and staff was super nice!

Love it

Extremely rude and unprepared frontdesk.
They refused to give me a receipt. Charged me for the incidentals without explaining why.
Honestly, Im surprised this is a Hilton hotel

So disappointed because my reservation was not honored

Nice and clean hotel. The walls are paper thin though. I had to call the front desk 3 times about noise from a party going on in the presidential suite on the 11th floor. It finally stopped around 2:30 am. If you’re looking for a hotel to get a good nights sleep, this is not the one. After this experience, I’m only renting out Airbnbs.

While the staff was incredibly professional and helpful I cannot say the same thing for the hotel itself. I paid almost $200/night, and I might as well have stayed at a Motel 6. I could hear almost every car that passed along the highway, children running upstairs, and my alarm clock at 430AM was the noise of two people in the room next to mine having sex. Followed by the wonderful 11 minute performance, I got to listen to every word of their postcoital conversation for the next 2 HOURS. What are the walls of this hotel made out of? Graham Crackers?

First time in NJ/NY area. Stayed here with my son's high school band on St Patrick's Day weekend. The employees were all super nice and helpful especially Abdul at the bar. Food was good. Breakfast was great! Rooms were clean, shower felt great, beds were pretty comfortable. The only issue we noticed is there were 2 school groups there at the same time and one of the elevators was out of order for a couple days. No problem for me, I just took the stairs but some people had trouble. It was nobody's fault and just one of those unfortunate things. I would definitely stay here again.

Laura Tuzio-Ross is an internationally renowned artist. A graduate of Moore College of Art and Design, Tuzio-Ross began her career as an illustrator for Campbell's Soup Company. In 2004, she began sculpting and illustrating "real" dolls and became one of the top industry sellers. In 2013, I met Ms. Ross and she created a doll modeled after my youngest child, Eleanor.

Son excelentes en el servicio al cliente y agradecida.

I love the cleanliness of the hotel. That’s what I always look for. Friendly staff at the front desk. I loved everything about this hotel!

I’ve stayed here a lot repeatedly for work, rooms are comfortable, food at restaurant is pretty solid. Drink prices are absolute theft. Charged me $40 for a pour of pretty basic bourbon…the entire bottle costs less than that for one pour.

Agradable lugar

This is a totally serviceable Hilton, with clean if slightly worn rooms, a bar and restaurant in the lobby, and a pretty good gym on the lower level. I often don't have a personal car with me when I travel, and there really isn't anything you can walk to from this location.

Great place to hold conferences, business meetings, weddings etc.

Feb 13, 2024 -- No WiFi. We weren't told when booking. We weren't told when checking in. Only when we called and asked for about the WiFi, did the front desk tell us it was down with not indication when it would be fixed.

Great hotel
And staff! Very clean rooms!

Allan helps us to check-in well. He is really kind and explained everything we need. The location of hotel is good to go NYC and other city in NJ(also newark airport). The room is spacious and clean. I really recommend this hotel

Stayed here for few days. On the way of check in Allan is very friendly and explained in details. Workers at dinning also kind . Hotel location is good to go to malls and restaurant. Room is spacious and clean.

No real service. Had no water pressure in shower. Breakfast suppose to come with status but doesn’t. They give you credit for a charge and make breakfast more expensive than if you went out for breakfast. Disappointing

Really really nice staff

My family and I stayed for 3 nights. From Friday night to monday morning, every team member we encountered were extremely friendly. Housekeeping did a great job each day. Rooms are very spacious. Really loved this hotel and hope to be back soon.

I love this place! Smells good

Nice modern stay. Good restaurant.

Rooms have a lot of highway noise and was overcharged after being misinformed by the front desk staff

We absolutely loved it! We were so happy using this as our wedding venue. Donna was extremely helpful and accommodating. Our guests are still talking about how fun it was!! Thank you guys!!!

I loved the hotel my room was clean, cute, and cozy and every employee was kind and welcoming. They also have a restaurant and bar with good food that came in handy when i got rained in for a whole day.

Would definitely stay again if I ever had a reason to be in that area. Lol its dry over there with not much to do but it’s also no more than 20 mins away from some fun attractions in the area. Overall 10/10 stay tho

Amazing place, loved the ambiance and people so nice !!

4 - I haven’t forgotten about you. Where is our $500 deducted from our card for damages? You are just a bunch of thieves. We checked out from your hotel on July 22nd and till date you’ve refused refunding our money. No calls, no email, no money, nothing and you’re so comfortable because you don’t care. That’s very dishonest and bad of you, you’re stealing by tricks. THIEVES! REUND THE $500.

3 - Will you refund the $500 you deducted from us for damages? Nothing was damaged in the room but you’re yet to refund our money 3 months after checking out. You’re stealing by tricks and are not different from crooks. Refund that $500. You’re dishonest, your management hasn’t bothered reacting so I’ll keep calling you out on the review section so people get to read and avoid your hotel. REFUND THE $500.

2 - You certainly know how to steal by tricks. This is almost 3 months after checking out from your hotel and our $500 is yet to be refunded.
What a poor way of reacting to people who chose to lodge at your hotel out of the numerous hotels in New Jersey.
This is very dishonest. We've called endlessly but you even lack courtesy to return our calls or better still, refund the money.
Kindly, refund the $500.

1 - We've been calling since the day (July 22nd) we checked out. Initially we were told the $500 will be refunded within 3 working days, the next time we called, we were told to wait till 14 working days.

Whether it's 3 or 14 working days, not of that has been respected. Your management hasn't called even once, we are the people doing all the calling.

Please, kindly refund the $500.

I have stayed at much better Hampton Inns

Totally unclear why this place is allowed to carry the Hilton label?

The building is a standard economy hotel prefab block. The windows hold next to no noise back from the surrounding highways, granted the AC is not a window unit but twice as noisy as those. The entry hall is also the bar and breakfast area and has been noisy like hell due to a partying group not caring about others patrons and neither the bar tender nor the front person caring that it was way after hotel posted quiet hours.

The front person asked my Japanese colleague showing his passport "do you have another form of ID" being clearly totally out of her zone dealing with a foreign document (which is actually bilingual).

The bed had a good mattress but the cheapo-hotel thin synthetic fiber blanket between the sheets (shiver).

My advice to Hilton: turf this over to Motel6 or Knights Inn.

My advice to HH members: don't be fooled!

We arrived at 5 AM and inquired with Connie about available rooms for check-in. Despite our exhaustion from just landing in NJ, she informed us there were no rooms available. However, another employee promptly offered us multiple available rooms. Connie's unprofessionalism and impoliteness were evident in this conflicting situation.
That’s frustrating and so disappointing!!!!
Service is bad especially Connie!!

My parents and I stayed for a few days during Thanksgiving. It was a pretty hotel, very clean, the housekeeper was very sweet and generous. However, the lady in the front desk, rude. 1st as Hilton honors members, she failed to give us our water the first night at check in. 2nd, she lied to my mom. My mother called the front desk the second night we were there asking for our free waters that we didn’t get the first night and she told her it was only for Gold Members and we were only Silver, which is a lie its for Silver members as well. So I went down to the front desk and told her and showed her the member benefits myself. She then faught with me saying she swore she gave us waters at check in and it was only when we checked in, but she didn’t. Eventually she just gave us the water but seriously we just wanted the waters our benefit provided. Please educate your staff to not provide false information and to not fight with the customers like that when not 1 but 2 people told her we didn’t get the water, i even challenged her to look at the security cameras to prove her wrong thats how far it got. Unacceptable service by her.

Nice looking hotel, The lobby looks nice as well.

It's nice, but nothing to write home about.  I had a service issue at check in where they ran out of king bedrooms and asked me to come back later... when I came back they had resold out. I was irritated but didn't make a fuss. The double room was just as clean. The food was pretty good, but the bar was overpriced.

It's not very walkable. We had to Uber to dinner and to get supplies.  There was only a 7-11 nearby.

It's an okay stay for business purposes.

Nice Hilton location that lives up to Hilton standards.

I recently held a corporate event there and was very satisfied with the team and the service I received. Stephanie was very on top of our needs and made sure our event went off without a hitch. The catering team was very, very attentive as well making sure we always had what we needed.

Small beds.

Overpriced, soup $9 2 shots (1oz ea) of remy $38 each, total $90….
Average service. Wouldn’t recommend.

Location was good. Free parking a plus

Very very noisy. We couldn't sleep well.

All great

Great location. While priceline may have messed everything up, Hilton definitely made up for it with their attentiveness and assistance. Rooms are great sizes, clean & stocked with all the amenities.

Great hotel and staff

Over the last over 20 years this Hilton has been a land mark where I’ve attended events and used their services on different occasions. Professional and generous service! Strategic location near NYC and all!!!

They need to educate their front desk stuff. The old lady is rude as hell. I am Hilton Diamond member and never seen any rude person like her in Hilton properties. I don’t think she qualifies to work in the location. Basic question she try to argue. She don’t know that I am a guest and she is there to serve or at least be nice . No hospitality at all.

We stayed here for 6 nights for our honeymoon to NYC. (We always prefer to stay outside the respective cities we visit). A lot of these bad reviews seem pretty snobby,  and I personally didn't experience any of the negative things people mentioned but I also don't expect hotel workers to cater to me like I'm gods gift to the earth. Anyways, The rooms were plenty modern with a nice big TV and comfortable bedding as we have come to expect from Hiltons. The bathroom was very nice too and the touchscreen LED mirror was pretty cool and the water pressure for the shower may have been the best I ever experienced. There was a fridge in the room but no microwave (no idea why all Hiltons are like this) but there is one in the lobby for guests to use. We had daily housekeeping services which was a very nice touch and something I haven't experienced in a very long time.

The only thing holding me back from a 5 star rating are the OUTRAGEOUS incidental fees. We didn't know until check in that they were charging $100 per NIGHT. Not for the whole stay- each night individually! Every hilton and even Westin we have stayed at was always a $50 flat rate, so to suddenly have $600 being held from my bank account was very aggravating. We did get it back in a timely fashion, but a repeat stay here in the future may be in question solely because of this.

That is the only negative thing I have to say. It's a nice hotel overall but please keep the above forementioned in mind, especially if you are using a debit card and not a credit card

excellent

The room wasn't cleaned. We found used towels in the shower. Overpriced for the location and service is terrible. They lie about giving hilton honors nights.

파티나 행사하기 좋아요 파티룸이 큰편

Rooms are never ready for check in . This is the third time now .

Rooms are nice , aircorn is easy use able,tv has a wide range of channels, location is easily accessible. The manager is the unfriendliest person I have ever met. Today my friend and I booked in with our tour group. My friend used his room key to open the door , and he went to take a shower. I kick off my shoes and lay on my bed . Then there is a knock on my door , I take my room key and go outside my room to talk with the knocking person, my other friend. After  talking ,I went to go in my room but the key didn't work.  I then go down to the lobby to short out the problem because my friend can't hear me because he is in the shower.  The manager says i can't stay in the lobby because i have no shoes on, I know it's not very hygienic, but what choice did i have?
I tried to explain, but he did not want to hear anything, so i went back up to wait outside my room for about 45 minutes before my friend was finally done showering. And after 24 hours my room key still doesn't work.

I’d actually signed up for an upgrade but the check in person did not even talk about it during check in. The room was very dated with faded carpets, and a barely working WC. The reception was out of tooth brushes…all in all a barely satisfactory stay.

This is by far the WORST hotel i’ve been to! If i could give ZERO STARS I would! Everyone here seems to have an unknown attitude. Upon our arrival we felt discriminated against by Christina A. at the front desk who claimed she was the manager and was not. Especially after she ripped a piece of paper with her name on it that we had gotten from another member & proceeded to tell us we should stay somewhere else. They then put us on the first floor facing the parking lot, after going into the room there was hair in the shower along with our sheets being dirty. We asked for our room to be changed & in this new one AGAIN our shower was dirty and the LED mirror did not work. After the third room change finally, our shower wasn’t dirty but we still had to settle with the mirror not working. After a day of sightseeing we got back to the hotel around 4 o’clock and came to our room being cleaned, we went into our room and we’re simply sitting in the corner waiting for Dora (the maid) to be finished with whatever she was doing when she told us we need to go, we told her she didn’t need to do anything else and she rudely insisted we need to go. We then went downstairs to the bar where Maria told us she “couldn’t serve 21” and had the worst attitude. You can see how all of this is SO frustrating after a long day.
Overall this was this was my first and last stay at this terrible place!

A little pricey but you get what you pay for and then some. Definitely recommend

Fancy cool spot to stay safe and more

Once I checked in the receptionist asked me first with a Spanish language and as I don’t understand it I told her English please then she give rooms card and she asked you need water and that it . She didn’t say any thing about benefits (as Ian diamond member)breakfast info .and guess what the room has no hot water so I left this morning without taking my shower and I was planning to stay till weekend for my business but decided to check out today .the location of the hotel is very good but the staff lake of communication and management.

My stay was just for one night, enough to remember never to return to this location again. The room was dirty bed and was small and uncomfortable.  I reserved a king-size bed.
My bathroom had a leak. I had put all my towels on the floor. If not, I would slip and crack my head open. The front desk was no help about it.  Don't bother with this place

SOLD OUT. DIDN'T STATE THAT PRIOR TO CHECK IN.

The fact that I'm writing this review over $12 says it all. Stayed here for the weekend last weekend. Breakfast was a little expensive $87 for 3 days. One of the hotel attendees had told me that if I was a gold or silver member I would have a $50 credit I could use. I paid by card each day, however, was told it was good for the snack center as well. I used $12 during the 3 days, upon checking out my 1st receipt showed a $12 credit then a few days later I see a $12 charge on my card. I called and spoke to a hotel rep, explained the situation and was tolt the person I spoke to told me the credit was only good for gold members and that I was a silver member. My response was, how do you know who I spoke to, there were many hotel employees working the breakfast area. I requested to speak to a manager and was told one would contact me back. That was a week ago, never heard back from anyone. For $12 what a waste of my time and extremely poor customer service. After posting this review and contacting them they eventually fixed the issue, I will raise the review from 1 star to 3 stars.

Bad experiences with the elevators. Broken and being serviced.
Rooms were fine.

Don’t you hate it when an employee acts like they are doing you a favor or that you’re an inconvenience?  When my company extended my stay at this Hilton for an additional night, front desk employee “Allen E” acted precisely that way. My suggestion to the
Manager is that you should only have individuals who are welcoming, courteous and appreciative of your business who work the front desk.

Room was clean and in good repair. One problem was a fight in the hallway at 5am and we could not contact the front desk or and number on the phone. Also close to highway but was relatively quiet at night.

Amazing hotel

Bathrooms were sweet.

Stayed here after concert. Convenient on an off from 17 and 80

Clean rooms

👋

Very very commercial approach. Its just ordinary. Nothing like Hilton. Breakfast is just average. Location is great

This place is nice and clean

Room was nice, but at 11pm there were fire alarms going off. This lasted for 30 minutes with people waiting in the parking lot until a fire guy came to turn it off. Apparently this is such an issue here that they have signs in the bathrooms warning that steam from the shower can set off the alarms. 9:30 the next morning and we hear the alarms again but this time for only 2-3 minutes.

They do have free parking though and a nice breakfast restaurant. But with the noise and potential for being woken up at any hour by a fire alarm, this is not a place we’d recommend.

This privately own Hilton is the worst. It constantly has fire alarms going off at 2AM in the morning. This week it’s already had two. The fire department has staged a fire truck in the back parking lot. I talked to one of the fire fighters that responded and he said they are getting really annoyed with how many times they get dispatched because of the fire alarms. If you want quality rest DO NOT stay here. Also the hotel is located near a busy road. You can hear everything. The hotel staff says they are doing everything they can to fix the fire alarms but that doesn’t seem to be the case. STAY AWAY!!!

El hotel es muy higiénico y cómodo, lo recomiendo 100%

Best place for events and accomodation

The hotel and room smelled Devine! However, the cover sheet had stains. I had to take it off. The shower sliding door was odd. Most people turn on the shower first and wait until the water gets warm. This shower has sliding doors and the door closer to the handle does not move. So you can't slide it when setting the water. You can only slide the door that is away from the shower handle. So when you set your water, you're standing in the shower, and you get sprayed with cold water first.

The service was great. When we first came in, the hotel smelt clean. There was a lot of storage space for clothes, which was nice for people who would be staying longer, unlike my family, who only stayed for two days.

On our first day there, my daughter got badly scraped by the cabinets/drawers by the TV. There is a picture. She later said that she was scraped multiple times by the cabinets/drawers. It was the handles to open it that she got cut on. Please fix this so that no more people have to feel this pain.

On the other hand, the location was not the best. Sure, it had a somewhat nice view of the city, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. The hotel is right next to a highway, which, by the way IS IN NEW JERSEY! It was hard to leave the hotel with all of the weird merges and turns.

Overall, it was okay, but please make improvements.

The front desk staff were not Hilton standards. They were not welcoming and had bad attitude. If you request something they don’t send it to the room instead you have to collect it from front desk. Never going to stay there.

I didn’t stay here, my 3rd party booking site accidentally booked me here instead of Home2 by Hilton, but the front desk was so helpful with getting my refund/reservations change. Alan at the front desk was very kind and professional. The lobby smells amazing and is very clean. Would recommend based on the cleanliness and amazing service just in my short experience with them.

Staff was

The staff were all great. The room was very nice and clean. The view of the city was very nice.

The best in this area

Fire alarm at 2:00 am

DO NOT STAY HERE! The two blonde head girls were totally disrespectful one called me a curse name, and one said she would pocket my money! 1 am the fire alarm was going off…3 times in one day fire alarm extremely unprofessional. It’s loud when they have party the staff is extremely unprofessional

The hotel has very small beds I'm 6 feet and my gf is 4'11 and the beds where to small for us to sleep in comfortably it reminded me of a college dorm room bed. Secondly when I checked in I was told they served breakfast and it was free for guest when I awoke in the morning they said I had to get a voucher which I would have to pay for  to get a complimentary breakfast I would have never stayed here knowing that all the hotels in the area serve breakfast I don't like being lied to just to get me to book I would never stay her again knowing they don't serve breakfast in the morning I could also here the noise from the street in my room so this is a definite pass

No easy public transport or commute to new york though
Take 1:30 hr atleast to the new york anywhere

The hotel, staff, bar, food and room (the view) all get 5 stars. I had a great experience and met some great ppl. Will definitely recommend and I will be making a reservation again.

Beds are very small my sheets had stains and smelled I asked for refund so I can go elsewhere and the manager said there was no refunds but she says there's a free complimentary breakfast from 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. the next morning I go down no breakfast I was lied to and I asked the staff at the front desk and they started laughing I highly recommend staying elsewhere in that area I also asked for an upgraded room and they said we're completely sold out and I couldn't even get a roll in bed do not stay here if you have a family more than 2 I was very disappointed

The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous and the rooms are spacious but DAMN the front desk staff is NASTY. One woman in particular is extremely rude and acts as if she hates her job and is annoyed with people in general, horrible.

What is this hotel? You get small beds and the worst view. There is also no pool for adults and kids to swim in. There is also a smell when you first enter the room. The service there is really bad. if you want a refund, you can't get one. When I asked for a refund, they said that you could not have a refund, and i asked on the same day I booked. There isn't any breakfast for free at that hotel either. The supervisor was rude about it too. I would not recommend this hotel for anyone who wants to go to NJ.

Great location, close to the airport.Nice and clean hotel, newly renovated with nice furniture and no funny smells.Staf was helpful

Éviter le restaurant pour les raisons suivantes :
❌ Service  limite médiocre
❌❌ Choix du menu…indéfinis
❌❌❌ goût et spécialités inexistantes
Le couteau du steak n’était ni à droite ni à gauche de l’assiette…mais pointé à l’intérieur du steak…!!!; steak tout juste médiocre…pour un week-end…Éviter
❌❌❌❌si vous n’avez pas le choix attendez zéro standing

Went here for a birthday party and everything was great from the service to the food

I really couldn't tell that I was staying in the "Hilton" rooms are small they have no business center, no laundry service!! The workers were clueless, with no sofa in the rooms. The wheelchair accessible rooms were a joke. The shower still had a border at the bottom which means you still had to step over it to get in, and there were no safety bars in the shower, nor was there a ledge or seat to sit on!!! And the bar for the toilet was behind it!? made no sense!! Yall gotta do better!!! "Hilton"🫥

This is just about the food. They close at 10pm.
The wings-tons of meat on them and pretty good, though heavily sauced.
The chicken,bacon, avocado sandwich, this was delicious.
The burger, hard to mess that up. Came out cooked like I asked and was juicy.
The wrapped hot dogs, this is the happy hour special. I know they are frozen, but these didn’t taste like Nathan’s like they claim and didn’t look like it. I’ve had them many times.  They also tasted old, I’d skip this item.
Friendly staff, decent food. It’s a hotel so prices are higher.

Beautiful view from the 12th floor sky conference room

Apparently putting a physical copy of the restaurant menu in the room is far too much to ask of this hotel. Not even a QR code or a menu on the website or app. And now I can’t even shower with the bathroom door open?! How inept do you have to be at your job to install a new fire detection system in hundreds of rooms that malfunctions?

Nice hotel, good location close to the airport, clean sheets, comfy bed, free water, friendly staff. Recommended.

Great hotel, went for a school trip, staff was lovely

This Hilton just does not hold up to the Hilton standards. My suite has a broken bed, leaking shower, broken phones, water in the closet which leaked from the shower and loud parties in the room next door. When I reported it I received an apology and thats it. I was told that they would send security to break up the party as soon as they could due to security breaking up several parties going on in the hotel.
If this is what you're looking for at $400 a night then this place is for you.
If you're looking for customer service and a good night sleep then stay at Motel 6 and save your money.

This hotel is really clean,  has excellent elevators, intelligent front desk people, amazing breakfast staff (short lady the best - always makes me smile), and it is close to Teterboro Airport.

Light sleepers, be aware, the hotel is off the highway and next to an airport and the windows are old and not noice canceling, so if you are a light sleeper, you will have a tough night.

Application check in, room key and check out was excellent, i didn't have to stop at the front desk not once.

Rate was acceptable, clean, lot of free parking, good location, 10 min away from American Dream Mall.

NYC view was not worth the money, but im clear weather with zoom camera, its nice.

Great customer service, Rooms were very good size, spacious and clean.

Well located due to proximity to public transportation and highways

Good location if flying out of local airports, Uber transport very reliable, hotel is well managed, hotels in general need to stop charging deposits, if you are making reservations through the hotels reservation system with a credit card, why put a deposit charge on my card. You need to return the deposit but end up charging me a processing fee? Seems petty for a corporation to place a deposit on a room reservation already secured by a credit card??  I realize most high end hotels do this, and it seems petty with others as well. Twice I’ve had to go back and call financial offices to get my deposit back in a timely manner.  I should never have to ask for my deposit back. Never.

Deuxièmes visite pour nous à cette hôtel,  chambre avec vue sur New-York. Le check in et check out est facile. Seul bémol oublié rien dans la chambre !  Ma fille a oublié son manteau dans le garde robe, 30 min après notre départ (rendu à manhattan) j'ai tenté en vain de joindre l'établissement,  j'ai dû passer par messenger sur hilton.com pour réussir à avoir un retour d'appel de cette hôtel en pm où on me disait que le gérant de l'entretien ménager avait eu aucun retour provenant de son personnel.

Nice hotel! Clean room. Not the best surrounding area but the prices were decent here.

First class hotel, with lots of parking. Restaurant and bar. Easy on off from Rt 17. Don't let this hotels location from it's use.

Stayed at this hotel for business meetings. Comfortable rooms and nice staff.

A really nice hotel. They had ample parking and lots of space for the cars to stay while you stay in your room. They also have lots of Ballrooms downstairs and a really nice venue.

Feels like your staying right on the highway. Not much around. Have to walk Uber or request a ride. Getting to the city is a hassle. Service is amazing though. The Staff I love

Great location nice staff, good restaurant, excellent service

No hot water

If you are visiting NYC, this hotel is relatively close to the city. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms were clean. The water pressure in the showers was very strong. My only complaint is that the fire alarms could be triggered by steam from the shower and in one case, my alarm went off even when I hadn't recently taken a shower. They were very sensitive.

Great food and great people!

If your looking for a bed then this place is fine but if you want any services by chance then that just doesn’t exist in this place no chance at all

Was there this weekend for a get together, rooms, grounds and amenities were nice, didnt interact much with the staff but they seems pleasant and capable

Super Clean , Well Managed , Excellent Staffing , Good Food & & usually very busy lobby....! "The place the Pilots sleep. Not "Area" tourist friendly but great for come & go location for airport...

Went here for a convention recently. Very wheelchair unfriendly!

Lobby has tile floor which worked great until arriving at the convention area which has very thick carpet that is very hard to push my wheelchair thru without bogging down.

The worst part was the convention restrooms have a 2 inch threshold to cross over while trying to push open the door with a heavy spring tension!

Excelente aunque deberían dar Cafe Atomy puer'te y products Atomy en vez otros cafes o cremas en fin no estuvo tan mal!! Los empleados deben ser más finos educados y  respetuosos.!!

One word: Fantastic

The check in was very efficient albeit a bit mechanical and impersonal, but that's ok.  Just a point of note.

The room was surprisingly spartan and seemed like a joke. I didn't have a closet in my room, nor anywhere I could hang shirts or pants or jackets.  The iron and half an ironing board was a bit of a savior, but no platform to use it on required me to try to do it on the bed (ha) so I was ironing clothes on the floor. Not optimal. A coworker staying on a different floor also did not have a closet.  Very confused by this decision.

Bed was ok. Room cleanliness was decent. The bathroom is passable. It is larger than it needs to be for the amenities it provides. I'd rather have closet space than a widely gapped bathroom,. The sink doesn't have much shelf and the table to store stuff was behind you. Not well thought out.  Shower was good. Nice shower door (odd to review, but had to give a positive note). Internet was consistent throughout the property.

Breakfast was ok. Decent selection. Typical of Hampton Inn and mid-grade Hilton properties.  Both a la carte and make to order.  Consistent.  Restaurant service was good. Bar was good. Bar service was excellent.

Not sure if I would stay at this property again.

Beautiful lobby but the outside of the building is outdated. Food has gotten so much better. Lots of events are hosted there.

Card show was setup excellent

Get a room with the city view, it's worth it.

No issues from me. Clean and located in a decent area.

Used be excellent, now not so much.

We booked their 3 connected private event rooms for having research and conference on Wednesday and Thursday in early December, but event area was also rented out to party (I believe it was end of year party for group of 70-100 people), event lobby was filled with people talking very loud so we failed to focus on research and conference.....

The room was clean and nice, the beds were comfortable, I recommend to everyone to stay here. Quality/price, it’s worth the money

Overall, I loved my stay in this hotel. The noise level was a bit high as they had multiple groups, running the hallways, all hours of the day and night. Also, the front desk staff did not make you feel welcome even with Hilton Diamond status. This is their misunderstanding of how the honors program works. They over charged my personal card for what my Diamond status (Daily food, and beverage credit) should have covered.
There’s really nothing within walking distance of this hotel so it’s difficult if you’re here on business.

Otel merkezi bir konumda yer alıyor, odaları standart, çok büyük bir beklentiye gerek yok. Temizlik konusunda pek iyi olduklarını söyleyemem. Otel çalışanları pek de yardımsever değildi, gece arayıp odaya yorgan istedik pek de oralı olmadılar. Otelde ciddi bir asansör sıkıntısı var, acilen çözmeleri gerekiyor. Bir daha New York'a gelirsem tercih edecegimi pek sanmıyorum.

Good, affordable, and located next to everything you’d need. Food, parks, tourist spots, work offices, subways, etc.
One downside about the room was that there was no overhead light. So, even when all of the small lights are turned on, the room stayed dark.

This was our second stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on W. 35th St., and we had another very good experience. The front desk staff were friendly and accommodating, even with our late arrival.||Our room, #2308, had a great view of the Empire State Building. The room was small, as expected in New York City, but comfortable and well-maintained. Housekeeping was prompt, the hotel was surprisingly quiet, and every staff member we interacted with was helpful.||We also enjoyed the café downstairs for breakfast, and it was nice to see the same staff working there as during our last stay. They were efficient and friendly. We would definitely stay here again and would recommend it for business travelers and couples visiting New York City.

I had stayed here a while back on a demanding work trip trip and didn't pay much attention to my surroundings but when I needed to be in NY with multiple locations that required my presence ( in the Village, in Harlem, etc) I decided to forgo my usual midtown location and stay here. Best decision. VERY convenient, subway and shopping steps away. Staff was helpful, efficient and not obtrusive. the only downer..a homeless man with an encampment parked next to the subway stop. it just seems odd that the most sophisticated city in the richest country in the world has people living in filth on the street

From start to finish the stay was sub par. When I arrived at the hotel around 1:30pm I knew the room wasn’t ready per the Hilton app but wanted to start the check in process and put my card on file and confirm the 1pm check out time that came with the Romance package I booked. The front desk associate working hardly made eye contact and abruptly said the room isn’t ready and maybe would be in 30-45 minutes. I said okay and asked if he needed my photo ID since the app said I needed to show it to be able to use the digital key, he said no, later. He then said I could leave my bags with the man “over there” and pointed to no one. When I asked if there was a bathroom in the lobby I could change he said the same person could help me. As I walked away another guest moved toward the front desk and he shouted through them, “30-45 minutes” at me. I found where to drop my bags but it seemed like chaos so I walked to the nearest Equinox to take a shower. Around 3pm my boyfriend arrived at the hotel and checked in for us. Several times in the elevator the housekeeping staff was on their phones- speaker phone and talking loudly. On the day we checked out, at 12:30pm someone knocked on the door and asked if we were checking out, I said we have a 1pm check out and would be out soon. I checked my Hilton app and we were already checked out even though we were supposed to have a 1pm check out. All in all, the hotel seemed disorganized and the staff not trained. The room was fine- the carpet was kinda gross and it was hard to keep it at a comfortable temperature but for one night we made it work.

Highly recommend the Hilton Garden Inn! Incredibly friendly staff, clean rooms, and overall just a really wonderful day. The folks at the front desk are incredible and made our stay in New York City a wonderful one. Looking forward to coming back!

I stayed for an overnight trip in NY with family. The proximity to Penn Station was convenient as were the multiple transit options in the area for getting around. The staff at check in and out were  efficient and friendly. Our room was clean and well-stocked. It was by the elevator, which I usually avoid but was pleasantly surprised to not be disturbed by noises. I visited the convenience store in the lobby for late night snacks, was happy to see that well-stocked too. Overall, great location, courteous staff, and nice amenities made our stay comfortable.

Enjoyed a two night stay. Bed comfortable. Room clean.  Nice shower. Room quiet. Good AC/heat and I needed both due to weather! Front desk friendly and helpful.

Friendly staff, room was clean, and I was told the room was larger than some of the other hotel rooms. It's very close to Herald Square and many restaurants.

This was our first time in NY and was unsure where to stay, this was the most central and affordable we could find in the area and was perfect. The location was ideal for walking to all the sites, and there is a subway station right in front that was convenient. Because we had never used the subway I was going prepared to uber around but found we could just walk everywhere or subway. We landed at JFK and took the LIRR to penn station, another short walk to hotel which saved us a lot of money. We landed at 5AM, and although check in was not until 3PM, they held our bags while we went out to explore, and were able to have our room ready by noon.
Being one of the more affordable options we could find, I thought we might be sacrificing comfort for a good price and location. But the room was still very nice and clean, and bigger compared to any other I saw in the area. We always came back to a clean room and the staff was very friendly. Would stay here again and recommend to anyone visiting NY.

Good location near time square

Tout a été parfait,  personnel agréable et serviable

Management is cheap. Not like a normal Garden Inn. Do yourself a favor and pick a different Hilton brand where your not treated like $

I really do like the hotel. It's   really night⁷

I haven’t even checked in yet and I am highly offended and disgusted. The night Auditor who claims to be a manager at the hotel refused to help me from the moment I made my initial phone call. I called for an early check in for a future reservation and he told me “we are all sold out”. I proceeded to tell him I already have a reservation. I tried to give him my confirmation number and he cut me off mid sentence then he hung up on me. I tried to call back almost 20 times and he would answer the phone but just breathe. This is very creepy and unprofessional behavior. Very ghetto behavior for a Hilton property in which I usually hold to a higher standard. He refuse to helped me and acted as if I was disturbing his sleep. To make matters worse, I am traveling out of town and don’t even know if I have a place to lay my head because he refuses to look up my confirmation number when I know using OnQ you can look up the Priceline itinerary. He also refuses to answer the calls from Priceline but no worries I will be adding my Hilton Honors membership to this reservation and contacting corporate.

I haven’t even checked in yet and I am highly offended and disgusted. The night Auditor who claims to be a manager at the hotel refused to help me from the moment I made my initial phone call. I called for an early check in for a future reservation and he told me “we are all sold out”. I proceeded to tell him I already have a reservation. I tried to give him my confirmation number and he cut me off mid sentence then he hung up on me. I tried to call back almost 20 times and he would answer the phone but just breathe. This is very creepy and unprofessional behavior. Very ghetto behavior for a Hilton property in which I usually hold to a higher standard. He refuse to helped me and acted as if I was disturbing his sleep. To make matters worse, I am traveling out of town and don’t even know if I have a place to lay my head because he refuses to look up my confirmation number when I know using OnQ you can look up the Priceline itinerary. He also refuses to answer the calls from Priceline but no worries I will be adding my Hilton Honors membership to this reservation and contacting corporate.

Bem localizado, bom atendimento, academia em bom estado, quarto com bom tamanho, bom chuveiro e box com vidro. O único problema que encontrei foi o box vazando para o banheiro. Frigobar funcionando bem, cofre, micro ondas e cafeteira no quarto. Poderia ser sem carpete. Tem uma loja de comidas e bebidas na recepção, o que ajuda bastante.

I stayed here in Jan '25 & again in Jan'26 as I really enjoyed it. The location is really perfect. Herald Square Subway, literally almost directly out the front door of the hotel, is a major subway stop..  So there are a lot of different lines and routes seamlessly connecting uptown or downtown or to the boroughs. All the main sights and attractions of Midtown and Times Square are only a few blocks / short walk away.. You coudn't want for a better location.||I think this hotel is great value out of the Hilton brand hotels in NYC. The rooms are a good size by Manhattan standards, well appointed and there are nice Manhattan views from the hotel on either side. Rooms are well appointed with microwave, coffee maker, good TVs on which you can log into and use your streaming services, nice bathrooms. So you get a very comfortable stay,  have a nice outlook, and room to move at a much better price than many hotels in Times Square etc. ||I found all the staff great on both my stays, everyone is friendly and helpful. Rooms are very clean, and the lobby shop has a good range, is convenient, and wasn't too expensive. As a Diamond guest I had a credit applied daily to my lobby shop purchases.  Lift system here is appropriate for  thehotel size and lift wait times /flow was good (often a headache in a lot of Manhattan hotels!)||I've stayed in quite a lot of the various Hilton chain hotels in various locations and brands / price points in NYC and this is one of my overall favourites and I'll be back on my next trip to NYC for sure.||I quite like this part of Manhattan and find the streets around here interesting and it is so easy to get everywhere whether on foot or by Subway : )  Lots of various dining options around too.

Horrible service. Regret that I booked here.

The staff is extremely rude and unhelpful. He was a male receptionist on morning staff. So entitled

Amazing service, beautiful view and the perfect location!

Excellent location, walkable location to points of interest; like the Empire State Building, Macy's at Herald Square, Times Square, Bryant Park,  and even Grand Central Station, also the subway station at 34th st & Herald Square is at close proximity which is another gateway to the whole city.

Me he hospedado bastantes veces en este hotel, las dos últimas en febrero y en marzo de este año.|Nos gusta mucho casi todo. Las habitaciones son más pequeñas que la mayoría de los Hilton, pero para ser NY es correcto. El personal en general es amable (en conserjería de maletas depende quien te toque) pero debo resaltar sobre todo a George en recepción que es encantador. Hay parking disponible cerca y la ubicación es mi favorita de la ciudad.

Me he hospedado bastantes veces en este hotel, las dos últimas en febrero y en marzo de este año.
Nos gusta mucho casi todo. Las habitaciones son más pequeñas que la mayoría de los Hilton, pero para ser NY es correcto. El personal en general es amable (en conserjería de maletas depende quien te toque) pero debo resaltar sobre todo a George en recepción que es encantador. Hay parking disponible cerca y la ubicación es mi favorita de la ciudad.

Very conveniently located. Clean. Quiet. Comfortable. Nothing fancy, but I would stay here again.

Empire State Building view a must for skyscraper fans.
Steps to the subway, herald square, Bryant park and a cannabis dispensary.
Pros: nice staff, clean rooms, setback exterior w/smoking area, intimidating security presence to keep out crazies.
Cons: loud air conditioners.

A very good hotel, affordable for New York, with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The staff were excellent, the rooms were comfortable, and we slept really well.

On top of that, the location is ideal, with a subway station right at the foot of the hotel, making it super easy to get around the city. I definitely recommend it 100%, a great choice for staying in Manhattan.

The entire hallway smells like a dirty VFW combined with an old YMCA and wet dog. The room is so dark and dirty and dingy. When the manager asked how everything was and I highlighted my experience the only response Anson gave was sorry for the inconvenience. AWFUL 😞

Last minute booking after a late night dinner with a client and colleagues. Much better option than an Uber home to NJ. Not only much less $ but convenient to my office in the Empire State Building. |Checked in after midnight with no problem. Greeted by the desk clerk on duty and was given two bottles of water. |Room was clean and in perfect condition. The water pressure in the shower was excellent as was the shower head. Comfortable bed and bedding. HVAC and controls were all good.

Mise à jour:
Grâce à l'aide d'Anson Pun, le lendemain en fin d'après-midi ce monsieur nous a proposé une solution totalement acceptable au niveau de son hôtel. Le personnel à la reception a toujours été extèmement courtois et compréhensible, malheureusement ils ne peuvent pas gérer les problèmes de la réservation centrale, qui n'a montré aucun ampathie à l'arrivée et n'a proposé aucune solution. Je tiens bien à faire la différence entre la centrale de réservation qui n'a qu'un seul intéret commercial et pas de considération pour ses clients. Alors qu'il en a été autrement avec l'équipe de l'hôtel.
-----------------------------
Avis initiale: La centrale de réservation Hilton vient de  faire de notre voyage un cauchemar malgré l aide du directeur de l hôtel. Nous avons réservé et régler une cbhre  avec deux lits doubles et nous avons une petite chbre avec un lit double. La centrale ne veut rien faire, pas d ajustement de prix et de compensation. On nous propose un lit d appoint  qui ne peut pas tenir car la chbre est trop petite en plus d être horriblement bruyante.
En fait on ne nous donne pas la chbre réservée de categorie superieure et en plus il faut la payer. Nous avons de plus perdu une après midi d excursion
Merci la chaîne Hilton pour son manque flagrant de considération face à leur erreur.

Been staying at this hotel for 15 years on buisness when I am in NY.  Great showers. Comfortable beds Convieniet location. Minimal street noise. Walk to Penn Station, Empire State and even Times Square.  Like anything in NYC its pricey by outside world standards, Staff friendly. Im here this weekend for a family event. Will come again.

I had an excellent experience at this hotel. The facilities are very clean, comfortable, and well maintained, which makes the stay very pleasant. The staff is professional, friendly, and always willing to help with anything you need.

One of the best services they offer is transportation to the airport, which makes traveling much easier and more convenient. Overall, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a safe, clean, and comfortable place to stay. I would definitely stay here again.

If not for the location probably wouldn’t be back.  Stayed here over 5-7 times at least. Each time would have to say staff is perfunctory at best.  It would be a burden to ask for simple things because you will see the frustration on each staff response.  The don’t hide the annoyance.  This is every one so far each time we check in.  The staff are never the same people.  The room is quiet most visits.  Room has enough room and not an odd layout even for the bathroom. Breakfast really isn’t much so we skip since nyc has so much to offer.

I have stayed here a few times and it’s not my favorite hotel in the area but is generally ok. My most recent stay I found the hand soap and body wash in the room is now heavily scented and reminiscent of AXE Body spray. I had to wash my face and body with shampoo to avoid triggering my allergies and smelling like an idiot. Who wants this? Please bring back regular soap!

Great location within walking distance of many Manhattan attractions and right by a subway station. Staff was friendly and there's an option to store luggage even after your checkout. Rooms were decently sized with amazing views of the city and the Empire State Building.

시설, 위치 최고였어요. 그런데 물은 첫날만 주고 그 다음부터는 본인이 해결해야하는게 아쉬웠어요

Chambres fonctionnelles et propres.
Personnel accueillant et disponible.
Service diner disponible mais pas le petit dej ( dommage).
Service de conciergerie.
Accessibilité pratique:proche  métro, petites boutiques souvenirs, diner et time square à quelques blocs.
Le petit mot des femmes de chambre met le sourire.
Pensez à prendre des prises  pour adapter vos chargeurs.
L'accueil avec nos prénoms sur l'écran c'est la classe.

Positive: Location, cleanliness Negative: No

Very nice hotel with amazing views on the 31st floor. The front desk staff were also very accommodating and helpful. It's in a great area, with many shops and places to eat an easy 2-10 minute walk away. It's also right in front of the 34th-Herald subway station, which can get you to Central Park in about 20 minutes.

Rooms are a little small but clean. Easy access to all attractions.

Khari in the front desk has a very warm and welcoming smile, and she help out of her way for the whole time when I was in the hotel. Normally the Night Shift people are not so helpful but she was amazingly good.

Incresible!! Best hotel midtown, no doubt!!! You got everything you may need just a couple of blocks away! Greatly comunicated - Janis and all the staff are just AMAZING!! We'll repeat 4sure.

We recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street for a family holiday, and we honestly couldn’t have asked for a better experience.||From the moment we arrived, Nicolas on reception and his team were absolutely amazing. They were warm, welcoming, and incredibly helpful throughout our stay. What really stood out was when our trip was unexpectedly extended due to the blizzard in New York. Nicolas and the team accommodated us seamlessly and took all the stress out of what could have been a very difficult situation. Nothing felt like too much trouble.||They truly made us feel right at home during a challenging time, which meant so much to us as a family. The service was professional yet personal, and it’s clear the team genuinely care about their guests.||We’re so grateful for the kindness and support we received and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. Thank you again to Nicolas and the entire team for turning a stressful situation into such a positive experience — we won’t forget it!||Ben and Family

Do yourself a favor and request room 1906! We had a great view of the Empire State Building! This hotel is so close to shopping, food, and the train! The train entrance is literally just around the corner and you are no more than 20 minutes from one edge of Manhattan to the other! The room was spacious considering staying in the heart of Manhattan. The quick mart in the lobby is good if you are ever in a pinch late at night. I never made it to breakfast so I am not sure how that was unfortunately. Same can be said for the hotel bar. The price was right and the location was unbeatable, definitely would come back.

We recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street for a family holiday, and we honestly couldn’t have asked for a better experience.

From the moment we arrived, Nicolas on reception and his team were absolutely amazing. They were warm, welcoming, and incredibly helpful throughout our stay. What really stood out was when our trip was unexpectedly extended due to the blizzard in New York. Nicolas and the team accommodated us seamlessly and took all the stress out of what could have been a very difficult situation. Nothing felt like too much trouble.

They truly made us feel right at home during a challenging time, which meant so much to us as a family. The service was professional yet personal, and it’s clear the team genuinely care about their guests.

We’re so grateful for the kindness and support we received and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York. Thank you again to Nicolas and the entire team for turning a stressful situation into such a positive experience — we won’t forget it!

Ben and Family

A great place to stay in NYC. Its really close to times square, rockefeller building and many more tourist attractions. They do not have a parking there but you can find other parking spots nearby. Parking prices are crazy tho over $50/ night. Overall I would recommend staying at this hotel. Pretty clean, right behind the metro stations and most tourists attractions.

Un hôtel à prix accessible pour sa situation dans Manathan
Une station de métro à ses pieds ( Herald’s square) et proche de Penn station si vous arrivez en train de l’aéroport
Une magnifique vue sur l’ESB si vous réservez, moyennant un petit supplément
Un accueil chaleureux
Un disponibilité du personnel
Petit plus : micro onde, réfrigérateur et machine à café dans les chambres

Certains étages sont en rénovation ( février 2026)
En tout cas à l’étage 27 : chambre spacieuse et literie très confortable. Salle d’eau très propre et fonctionnelle avec ce qu’il faut de serviettes

Easy access to the area.  Nice rooms.  Clean.

Double it and give it to the next person.

Location is convenient—Garment District on 35th St, right near Penn Station, Macy's, Herald Square, and easy subway access. About 10-15 min walk to Times Square and Midtown sights—good for train travelers or shopping without being overwhelmed by crowds.
Rooms were clean, comfy beds, good AC/fridge/microwave, and quiet. Solid size for NYC, modern enough, though nothing luxurious.
Service was excellent—super friendly staff, warm check-in, quick help with requests, and attentive throughout.
Free hot breakfast had decent variety (eggs, waffles, coffee—usually fresh). Great value and comfort—would stay again! 4 stars.

Very small rooms, bar/room service not open daily/nighy

Overall a great hotel in the city. Only dropping one star for the elevators. One was out of service most of my stay due to renovations. This left two operating elevators- around checkout time this led to 15-20+ minute waits. And even then when an elevator would open up it would be full. This was however about the only issue I had. Great location, easy access to the subway and walking distance to a lot of food and shopping. Bed was comfortable enough though a warmer comforter would have been nice. The shower was great! Very strong water pressure and hot water was easy to get. I would stay again!

This is a no frills hotel in the Herald Square area, Koreatown, and it is very conveniently located close to the subway and many attractions. The rooms are old and the rooms small, but that's New York!

I will only stay here in NYC. Excellent location, superb housekeeping & front desk staff, close to some great restaurants and our room had an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The bed was very comfortable and it made days of walking for hours tolerable due to the great rests we had at night.

I stayed here in January for a few nights while I was in town for an event. The room had a lovely view of the Empire State Building and was clean, modern, and comfortable. The on-site breakfast options were great for days when the weather wasn’t the best for going out, and the 24/7 grab & go store was super convenient. There are lots of attractions within a walkable distance, as well as a close proximity to the subway. The staff I interacted with was friendly and helpful as well.

Rendben volt minden. Nagyon jó helyen. Reggeli kicsit szegényes.

Positive: Close to the Train station. Negative: I don't think the reservation included breakfast.  The takeaway items in the food shop were difficult to pay for using whatever system there was, either room key or credit card.

Perfekt läge och nära till mycket. Tunnelbanan är nära, Affären Macy's är nära. Matbutik i närheten så man kan mat till frukost.
Det var struligt med hissarna när folk checkade ut. Folk fick vänta och de blev stressade. Det finns 3 hissarna och en av hissarna var ur funktion. Så var det över helgen.

Después de 13 años alojándome allí con mi familia. Excelente, el servicio, las habitaciones y la confianza que el personal inspira. Un gran saludo para George Días y Tony Sánchez. Siempre resolviendo todo.|Muchas Gracias

I normally do not leave reviews, but I felt it was important to share this experience because of Kim at the front desk.

Overall, my stay was good. The hotel itself was comfortable and my interactions with staff after check-in were genuinely pleasant and professional. Unfortunately, my very first interaction when I arrived left a lasting negative impression.

When I checked in on January 30, I was assisted by a front desk employee whose name tag read Kim. From the start, the interaction felt rushed and dismissive. When I did not immediately understand certain things, she made hand gestures at me to move faster rather than taking a moment to explain. She also didn’t bother to look at me while dismissively gesturing, which made it feel even worse. The overall tone felt impatient and unwelcoming, and I genuinely felt that she did not care how I felt in that moment whatsoever.

Maybe I could have been more prepared coming to the front desk with what she may have needed? Or said something differently? I’m not sure if she thought she could act that at towards me just because I’m younger? I’m just not sure. I was a bit tired after walking through the freezing cold for awhile to get there, but I don’t think any of my actions warranted her response and treatment of me.

I want to be clear that this is not about policy or procedure. It was about how I was treated. As a guest, regardless of age, I expect basic courtesy and respect. That first interaction was my introduction to the hotel, and it set a tone that lingered longer than it should have.

What stood out even more was how different this experience was compared to the rest of your staff, who were consistently kind, helpful, and professional throughout my stay. Because of that contrast, this interaction felt especially disappointing.

I am sharing this feedback with the hope that it helps ensure all guests feel welcomed and respected from the moment they arrive.

The staff. I left something of great sentimental value to me in the hotel room after check out, and when I called to ask about it, I was met with hostility by the staff on the phone.
I was quite frantic, and I was asking if it was possible to check with housekeeping ASAP, but I was met with the response "Are you not hearing me?" It didn't just end there. She clarified that housekeeping has left for the day and will be back at 9.30am the next day, to which I asked when would be the earliest I can hear back on the status of my missing item. Her response: "I mean, does it even matter when...?" This is unprofessionalism to the next level. The other staff members I interacted with were fine, but one bad apple can ruin the entire experience. I never got my lost item back which I totally understand and can accept it, but my interactions with this particular staff manning the phone has just made the entire experience completely unpleasant and sour.

very good excellent

Świetna miejscówka do wypadów na Manhattan! Polecam lokalizację i widoki z 30 piętra.

Very centrally located. Convenient walk to major spots. The only reason I gave it a 4 is because the building inside looks outdated and someone kept banging on the thin walls (didn’t know if it was construction or what but it was like 7am hammering away). I did let the front desk know and didn’t hear it again.

The location is perfect

It’s fine but I wouldn’t pay luxury prices (above 250 or so) to stay here. Good location.

I spent about 200 a night in Jan and it was a decent stay. The biggest downside was the service at reception- they were quick but didn’t seem very welcoming. Usually when you check into a hotel you get a 30s spiel- here’s when breakfast is, here’s the floor for the fitness center, here’s when checkout is, etc. The guy who checked me in, an older man with a beard (Lebanese maybe?) didn’t give me that at all. I appreciate a fast check in process sure but it’s kind of a basic to tell people this stuff in a couple sentences.

They do have a self check out for getting snacks/drinks at reception which is nice.

The room was fine- clean but a few things missing. No do not disturb sign, no hand soap in the bathroom(although there was a bottle of shower gel mounted to the wall, I guess they want you to use that?). The manual metal flap to prevent people from coming into the room wouldn’t stay “flipped” open, although the main lock engaged a deadbolt so that seemed safe enough for the stay.

They have ice machines on maybe 8 floors throughout the hotel. The lobby was fine, but they had the music pretty loud, maybe to discourage guests from hanging out there long? There is a bar but it’s perplexingly only open on weeknights.

The location is really good, it’s basically in Herald Square and very close to train and bus stops. There’s a target nearby too.

Overall I’d stay there again on a normal trip or a business trip. If I was coming for a special trip or paying like crazy December prices I’d want to pick somewhere else.

masomenos el servicio y en el desayuno podes agarrar 3 o 4 cosas nada más, lo demás se paga

Justo lo q se necesita para el viaje, gran ubicación y personal amable

Stayed here for our stay in NYC through a great deal with AMEX.

The Good - Clean room, central location moments away from Empire State Building and transport hubs.

Mid - for the price we paid it was fair. Paying more would have been robbery. Room size is small then again it is in Midtown Manhattan.

The Bad - Quite a fair bit of noise from the outside whether it is randoms yelling in the street. The odd horn or police car. Would be great if the room was better insulated.

The Ugly- the thermostat had two modes hottest and coldest. Was not quite easy to control. Dated room had an unpleasant smell even though it had been cleaned.

Great location but if you can get a better deal look elsewhere.

Awesome location, literally a minute from the subway. The room itself is a bit outdated though, and it smelled a little moldy when I first walked in.

Hotel muito bom. Otima localização. Limpo. Somente o elevador que era demorado.

Le petit dejeuner n'est pas du niveau du tarif des chambres plus que moyen

We stayed at this hotel and, to be fair, the room was good and very clean. Housekeeping did a great job, and the room itself was comfortable.

However, the “breakfast” is basically a scam. They advertise breakfast, but what you actually get is the option to choose only 4 pre-packaged items from whatever they have available, and you’re not allowed to combine freely or choose anything else. Everything beyond those 4 items is charged extra. Even the bakery products are pre-packaged and they just heat them up on the spot, so it doesn’t feel fresh at all.

If you have the choice, I strongly recommend booking the room without breakfast. There are several great places nearby where you can get a much better breakfast for a fair price.

The worst part was the attitude at reception: when we asked about it and tried to complain, the staff simply dismissed us and showed no interest in helping. Honestly, it’s shameful.

Great location. Rooms were nice with coffee maker, microwave, and refrigerator. Definitely would stay there again.

Un hotel recomendable . Personal muy atento . Tube problemas con un colchon y lo cambiaron . Muy coordiales . Situacion  del hotel excepcional . Habitaciones grandes con cage de cortesua y agua y hielo en la planta .

Positive: Location Negative: ""

El hotel esta muy bien ubicado. Limpio. El desayuno cumple. Habitaciones cómodas. Todos son muy atentos y amables.|GEORGE, es extraordinario. Pendiente de cada detalle. Indispensable para pasar una buena estadía.

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel in New York. The location is excellent, making it easy to get around the city and enjoy everything NYC has to offer.

The hotel is very clean, and the room was comfortable, well maintained, and exactly what I needed after long days in the city. Everything felt taken care of and thoughtfully prepared.

What truly made the difference was the reception team. Everyone at the front desk was professional, kind, and welcoming from start to finish. A special thank you to Marilyn, who was absolutely amazing — attentive, warm, and always ready to help with a smile. She made me feel genuinely welcome and well cared for.

This hotel combines a great location, cleanliness, and exceptional hospitality. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it.

Annabelle was so friendly and helpful with directions and help with the subway

Went here in Nov and it is the BEST hotel!! George and his team are so helpful from booking the black truck to and from the airport to the BEST ROOMS ON THE 35th floor just across from the Empire State Building!! When I tell you that the view, was unbelievable. It was my son’s first time in NYC and that this hotel made them feel very luxurious everyone here is NICE and makes the guest feel so at home! The housekeeping staff made sure we had what we needed and is always in a joyful mood! Can’t wait to go again!!!! Thanks George and your AMAZING FRONT DESK TEAM they are always so helpful you guys are the BEST!! My fav hotel every time in NYC!

Very good hotel from every thing LocationCleanlinessServices

위치는 정말 최고. 그러나 입구에 죽치고 있는 노숙자. 그리고  새로 생긴 대마가게... 어린이들 데리고 숙박하는 것은 비추

Convenient and accessible

히터가 안돼서 부모님이 주무시다 감기에 걸리셨고 여행일정 전체에 지장이 있었습니다.한차례 수리를 해준다고 했으나 수리가 안된 상태였고, 다음날 아침 항의를 하니 처음에는 방을 바꿔주는 것 외에 해줄 수 있는게 없다고 하셨고, 이미 몸살감기 기운이 있었던 부모님은 두번째날 숙박은 다른 곳에서 하고 싶다고 하시는 상황이었습니다.계속 이의제기를 하니 이틀 예약 중 아직 숙박하지 않은 숙박 둘째날만 환불을 해준다고 해서 여행 중 호텔 측 이슈로 인해 여행일정에 지장이 있었던 건 아무 보상도 받지 못했습니다.호텔 측 이슈로 인해 건강상태에 이상이 생긴거니 둘째날 무료취소는 선심 쓰는게 아니라 당연한게 맞다고 생각되는데 말이죠부모님 연세가 있으셔서 큰 맘먹고 가신 미국 여행일정 내내 고생하신게 마음이 안좋은 시간이었습니다.

The seevice and customer care are terrible, especially in the hitel’s restaurant. The staff are extremely rude, very angry with no smiles or humanity at all! Please improve the quality of service as the first priority!!

Сервис и обслуживание ужасное, особенно в ресторане отеля, продавцы чрезвычайно грубые, очень злые, на лице нет улыбок никакого человечества, работают как роботы!! Прошу улучшить качество сервиса первым делом!

Super close to the unmissable attractions (up to 30mins away) and subway stations. So consider it if you have few days in the city. My room had a nice view to Empire State, which was a plus. The furniture looks old, but nothing was broken or is ugly. Daily room service. Staff was polite and nice.The only thing is that I was charged a different amount from whats was expected, I’ve raised a ticket with Trip and they confirmed with the hotel that they charged the amount as per booking, but my credit card shows a different story… not sure if this is an issue from Trip or the Hotel, but none of them cared…

This is a great hotel for access to all of NYC.  We stayed for four nights in November and were 100% satisfied.  The staff is amazingly helpful and friendly.  Rooms are larger than average for the city and very clean with excellent shower.
The location is ideal with a subway stop right outside the door and within walking distance of theaters, restaurants, midtown, Koreatown, and right across the street from the flagship Macy's and the Empire State Building.  I would absolutely stay here again.

The location is fantastic. The rooms are fine—not too old, but not particularly new either. They’re comfortable enough, but nothing standout.

Staff was very friendly and helpful. Rooms are small and cramped but a great location.

I travel a lot for work and personal and use Hilton for all my stays. However this location did not live up to the Hilton standards and left me very disappointed! Requested a cot for my room and didn’t receive it then was told should have been one in the room which somehow turned into it’s a fire hazard for my room to have one too someone delivering it. When I made the call to the office I was treated with attitude. Also at 10 am I received a knock at my door from staff to see if I had left yet and check when I’ll be leaving. Overall disappointed in my stay but have faith it’s a one in a few occurrence.

Ok rooms, not the best AC systems.

Right near Macy’s in Midtown. Clean and perfectly adequate. Good water pressure in the shower, key access by floor.

*Update: upon interacting with other staff members I am increasing to 3 stars. The issue is with Michael's lack of professionalism mostly although the hotel still has aging facilities.
Michael was the most unprofessional and confrontational front desk person I have dealt with at any hotel. My family and I arrived 3am+ from a late flight and while I already received the digital key he insisted I come to front desk first as apparently it is a requirement at this location. He didnt mention my gold membership, then proceeded to ask my last name after I already handed my driver license. He then told me my card was declined which isnt true as I have 2 cards on file and both were valid Amex Hilton cards. I told him I booked only a few weeks ago with Hilton and he didnt believe me so he asked where. Then he said I booked the room through booking.com which isnt true as it was booked directly via the Hilton app. I will be contacting corporate for such unprofessional service that I have never experienced before at a hotel. Also the rooms are dated, overpriced, small, and the ergonomics are poor.

I absolutely loved my stays at the Hilton on 35th Street in New York City! In July 2024, I spent 10 wonderful days there, and I was so impressed that I returned in July 2025 for an even longer trip of 12 days. Both experiences were fantastic, and the hotel truly feels like a home away from home in the heart of mid Manhattan .
The location is unbeatable—right in the middle of Manhattan, with easy access to Times Square, the Empire State Building, and great shopping and dining options. The rooms are modern, clean, and spacious, with comfortable beds that made relaxing after long days of exploring a breeze. The amenities, including the fitness center and rooftop bar, added that extra touch of luxury.
What really stood out both years was the outstanding service from the staff. A special shoutout to the incredibly friendly Korean receptionist who greeted me with a warm smile each time—she made check-in seamless and went above and beyond to ensure everything was perfect. Since it was summer (and NYC can get hot!), they kindly provided complimentary 500ml bottles of Poland Spring water upon arrival both in 2024 and 2025, which was such a thoughtful gesture to keep guests hydrated.
Overall, this Hilton exceeded my expectations on every visit. Highly recommend it for anyone looking for comfort, convenience, and genuine hospitality in the Big Apple. I'll definitely be back! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

I love the location because it’s by the major subway lines and k-town. The staff members are friendly and the room was clean! I wanted to write this review because a staff named Amy deserves a shout out! Well, one of my family members left his document in the safe box and called the front desk. Amy helped us connect to the housekeeping and called me back to reassure me that the documents were retrieved safely and were held in the front desk. Thank you so much!!! Will definitely come back to this hotel!!!

Otel, New York’un şehir merkezine çok yakın bir konumda yer alıyor; Penn Station, Empire State Building ve çevredeki önemli noktalara yürüme mesafesinde olması büyük bir avantaj sağlıyor. Bu nedenle şehirde gezip dolaşmak isteyen misafirler için oldukça uygun bir konum sunuyor.

Ancak, otelin kahvaltı servisi beklentilerimizi tam anlamıyla karşılamadı. Menü çeşitliliği sınırlı ve kalite açısından daha iyi olabilirdi. Ayrıca, otel içinde veya lobide vakit geçirebileceğimiz özel bir alan veya aktivite bulunmaması, konaklama deneyimini biraz kısıtladı.

Buna karşın, resepsiyonda görev yapan Amy L. isimli arkadaş, tüm süreç boyunca bize inanılmaz derecede yardımcı oldu. Güler yüzü, samimiyeti ve profesyonelliği ile konaklamamızı çok daha keyifli hale getirdi. Amy L.’nin misafirperverliği ve destekleyici yaklaşımı, otelin hizmet kalitesini ciddi şekilde artırıyor ve bu çabalarının otel yönetimi tarafından mutlaka ödüllendirilmesi gerektiğini düşünüyoruz.

Genel olarak otelin lokasyonu ve çalışanlarının yaklaşımı öne çıkarken, kahvaltı ve otel içi imkanlar açısından bazı geliştirmeler yapılması konaklama deneyimini daha da iyileştirebilir.

Cosy rooms with a view to the Empire State. Very friendly service and free baggage storage (on day of arrival and departure).
There aren't any USB charging ports on the sockets, so foreign guests (e.g. Europe) need to bring their own plug or purchase one from the lobby shop. Or alternatively use the USB ports of the TV screen although they have a very slow charge.

I expected more from a Hilton. The ad says they offer breakfast however I was pointed to the bar to order any food and there was no form of room service. The bar is only open for 5 hours in the evening so I had to get breakfast elsewhere with NY inflated prices. The room was fine and yes it's older but then NY is old, right? This will not be my choice to stay next time I'm in town.

Super emplacement
Chambre vieillotte
Petit déjeuner horrible

Wij verbleven met ons gezin (met drie tieners) 6 dagen in dit hotel. Wat een geweldige eerste ervaring in New York! Het personeel is echt allemaal even aardig en behulpzaam. Wij hadden 2 kamers tegenover elkaar op de 14e etage met uitzicht op empire State. Kamers waren schoon en groot genoeg. Het hotel is perfect qua ligging. Op loopafstand van heel veel bezienswaardigheden. (Central Park, Time square, the Rockefeller. Om de hoek bij Bryant park. In het hotel totaal geen last van straatgeluiden gehad. Zeker een aanrader dus!!

El hotel es espectacular!! pero sin duda lo mejor es la calidad humana de la gente de recepción, en especial el señor Tony y la señora Kim. Nosotros reservamos 6 noches , y nos sentimos tan cómodos que decidimos extender nuestra estadía diez días más. Tony y Kim siempre estaban atentos y dispuestos  para ayudarnos en todo. Sin duda volveríamos a elegir este hotel por sus comodidades y por la gente tan amable que trabaja allí.

Stayed at hotel with daughter for family trip last month. Staff were fantastic - friendly and helpful - but room was musty and hotel was dated. Location did not justify the premium price so we stayed at another hotel for the last night at substantial better value. Breakfast policy was also lacking, offering less flexibility than I expected for being a diamond member. I recommend when a diamond member pays over $650 a night, the breakfast could be better

The lady at the reception is the rudest person i have ever heard and talk to. She has no manners at all.

I normally have a lot to say in my reviews.  I will be as succinct as possible.  Good location.  Staff are friendly.  Rooms are a bit on the older side.  I had a particular serious issue with my room in which I had to be moved.  To my complete dissatisfaction and in subsequent discussions with management, it was decided that I would have to leave and go to a different hotel.  I was much happier at my new accommodations where I actually could have peace of mind and some much needed sleep.  Unfortunate because I would always choose a Hilton brand especially travelling for work.This is the first time ever being utterly dissatisfied with a Hilton hotel.  The management staff attempted to resolve but it required a lot of effort on my part to reach a resolution.

Smallish rooms, breakfast restaurant could have more choices but there are many other options around the hotel. Location is great though. Right next to the subway and within walking distance to many points of interest.

호텔 위치도 너무 좋고 뷰도 엠파이어스테이트 빌딩 뷰라 너무 만족했습니다!

Location is great and very convenient if you want to be close to Times Square. The customer service leaves a lot to be desired. Reception was hot and cold. I didn’t catch the name but other reviews point to it probably being a man named Tony who is extremely rude. At first I thought he’s racist and islamophobic but turns out from other reviews he has a severe attitude issue to pretty much everyone. Others were very helpful aside from him. It would be a five star review if not for his extremely rude behavior during check in. I understand water is courtesy but simply asking if we can get extra water he shouldn’t be huffing and puffing over a question. Second rudely rolled his eyes after I didn’t swipe my card right and again huffed and puffed before yanking my card and swiping. Would suggest anger management instead of being in hospitality tbh.

Leider kann ich das Hotel nicht weiterempfehlen. Was mich unter anderem gestört hat war das das Hotel in die Jahre gekommen ist und die Klimaanlage, sobald sie läuft Geräusche macht als würden drinnen Schrauben rumfliegen.
Hauptgrund war aber das Auschecken, da hat man uns ohne zu fragen 50$ von der Kaution einbehalten weil wir 30min überzogen hatten aufgrund eines Missverständnisses. Bei 60min sind es sogar 180$. Dafür gibt es einen Stern, war das es wert dem Kunden gegenüber?

The staff were truly helpful and accommodating. They made sure we had a room that worked for my wife’s injury, and overall the service was excellent – very kind and attentive.

That said, the hotel itself feels quite dated. The rooms and facilities definitely need a refresh or renovation, as everything looks and feels old and not up to modern standards.

In summary: wonderful staff and service, but the property is overdue for an update.

I booked 6 rooms for 2 nights in July-August. The location is very convenient for a touristic trip. The subway station is right in the corner and walking to many NYC landmarks is very easy. Breakfast was fine and enough. The rooms are a bit old, but everything was neat. The staff were kind most of the times, except the check out day when I couldn’t convince one lady in the front desk that I already paid for the coffee from the machine downstairs :)
Overall, the whole group was satisfied with our stay .

Housekeeping came in while I was out and moved stuff but didn't leave any coffee cups.  You have to flush the toilet 3 times for it to clear out. Pillows are flat and mushy. That being said...
Staff is super great, helpful and courteous. Wifi is good.  Scanner is very convenient in the snack bar.( I do wish they would add breakfast sandwiches with meat in the fridge). Hot showers and fluffy clean fresh smelling towels were the best part.

위치 좋고 호텔 시설 좋지만
새벽 1시, 5시쯤 되면 쓰레기수거 같은것을 하는데 소리가 엄청나게 큽니다 한번 시작하면 한시간 이상 걸려서 잠을 제대로 못잔 날들이 많아요
방음이 잘되는 창문인데도 뚫고 들어올정도로 시끄러워요
그리고 프론트직원의 태도가 친절하지 않습니다
영어가 서툰 사람을 귀찮아 하는게 느껴지더군요
위치나 시설은 만족했습니다

Ótima localização! Metro na esquina!Fomos a pé da Penn station para o hotel(vindo do aeroporto)Microondas e frigobar no quarto,máquina de água e gelo em vários andares do hotel!!Fizemos muitos passeios a pé!!Quarto grande pra NY.Banheiro com box de vidro,com chuveiro quente e água forte!Amei me hospedar nesse hotel!!Ah,quarto silencioso,ótimo para descansar!!

Great location, friendly staff.Would highly recomand

Super nice room (recently upgraded?) and helpful front desk staff.   Great location, but on a calm street.

Great location and customer service

Şehir merkezinde, temiz, bakımlı, düzgün bir otel.  Tek eksik yan zayıf kahvaltı menüsü

UN 10/10. Fue la primera vez en mi vida que fui a Nueva York y fui sola. Todo el personal del hotel es extremadamente amable. En especial Marilyn que me cuido como si fuera su hermana. Me sentí acompañada y cuidada. El hotel es bellísimo y tiene una ubicación espectacular. En la puerta tenes una entrada de subte, estás a 2 cuadras de Penn Station y a una cuadra del Empire States. Lo recomiendo ampliamente, si estás dudando por presupuesto te sugiero reserves acá porque te va a convenir por la ubicación y lo bueno que está el hotel.

Location was killer, view was great (Empire State!), room was clean, and staff were helpful. The city was very loud as we were headed to sleep, but the windows seemed to drown out the sound well.

The staff team is really friendly and made great effort to accommodate our requests. Great location and view.

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The location is perfect, with a subway station right on the corner, which made getting around New York so easy. I originally booked for 4 days but ended up extending my stay for 10 more – that’s how good the experience was!
The staff went above and beyond to accommodate some special requests I had. A special thanks to Kim at the front desk and Tony, who were both incredibly friendly and helpful. The housekeeping team was also fantastic – my room was always spotless.
The hotel has a small but very clean gym, and I really appreciated the extra towels and the high-quality toiletries, especially since they worked great for my sensitive skin.
I truly felt welcomed and cared for throughout my entire stay. I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be coming back!
❤️

This is a wonderful typical NYC hotel.
I’d advise using the app to text guest services with requests, as it will be the fastest option.

The coffee maker was broken, but fixed very quickly.

No free breakfast, but because of status we had a $20 per day credit.

Small room. Average for the city.

Good value for money. Not the shiniest place but everything works, staff is nice and location is great.

יקר ביחס לתנאים.. שווה בזכות המיקום המושלם!

You know what, this place is the goat!
The staff was so friendly, kinda wish I stayed, but they were out of my budget. After a horrible experience, they offered to hold my bags while I figured out my next step.

Stuck in New York after being turned down for a room that was already paid for with their neighbor 2 months in advance. No refund provided and their staff was on strike... Treat people like PEOPLE! By the way, the neighbor in question, The Herald at LuxUrban was garbage.

Please book with Hilton Garden Inn New York!

Our group reserved a room at the LuxUrban Herald next door, and when we arrived we couldn't check in, there was no ac, they canceled us (and everyone else's) reservations with no notice, no nothing. There was just a sign at the front desk after someone had quit.

We were stressed, irritated, and just looking for SOMETHING nearby, and walked into the Hilton to see if they had any available rooms. Not only did they upgrade us to a double from a single, they gave us a corner room with an absolutely amazing view, and gave us a huge bag of water bottles after seeing how sweaty and hot and tired we were.

Absolutely lovely hotel, lovely people, and amazing service to go above and beyond to make up for a bad experience they had nothing to do with. Love love love this place and will definitely be my go to in the future!!

Lujazo extremo, ubicación perfecta, habitación triple impecable y limpia, personal de 10 y zonas comunes funcionales. 100%100 recomendable😊

Möbel etwas alt, aber in einem guten Zustand.
Ausblick auf das Empire State Building.
Gute Lage.
Subway 50 m entfernt.

This is a very practical hotel for the nearby Amazon offices. The area around is touristy. The hotel is more minimal, just rooms and a small self-checkout snack area. I would recommend this hotel for business travelers. The rooms are small (standard for Manhattan) but adequate.

Gutes Hotel im Zentrum NYC Midtown. Times Square,  Broadway, Empire State Building praktisch vor der Tür, Ubahn und Busstation gleich um die Ecke. Nettes Personal, Zimmer gut, Sauberkeit gut.
Gibt eigentlich nichts zu meckern. Wir hatten aus der 28. Etage sogar einen direkten Blick auf das Empire State Building.

Aus meiner Sicht - überaus empfehlenswert!

The rooms were clean and tidy, and the staff was very friendly. The location was excellent, with everything within walking distance. A few areas could be improved: providing more toiletries such as extra towels and bar soap, adding shelf space in the shower for personal items, fixing the toilets as they didn’t flush well, and making the 24-hour snack and drink store a bit more reasonably priced.

Positive: No bedbugs, clean,location close to ktown Negative: Shower did not drain well, breakfast not included

Thank you, Janis, for accommodating us at the last minute at the Hilton Garden Inn. What a complete 180 from our very short and limited time at The Herald. It’s so nice to walk into a lobby with friendly, welcoming staff and refreshing AC. At the other place, we felt like we were checking in at a parking garage.

This Hilton is clean, updated, and offers amazing views of the city.

Pokoje w porządku. Super lokalizacja. Ceny artykułów spożywczych na recepcji bardzo wysokie.

Stayed 2 nights beginning August 20th.  Super friendly and helpful front desk staff.  They helped us check our luggage in before our check in time.  They were also able to get us into our room almost 2 hours early which was so great and appreciated.  Nice clean room. Not huge but , for NYC we had plenty of space for 2 adults and 2 kids.  The bathroom was nice and clean.  Couldn’t ask for a better location. Great views , especially at night ! We will stay here the next time we come to NYC.  👍🏻👍🏻

Check in
3 stars

Room
4 stars

Location
5 stars

Check out
5 stars

Views
5 stars

Price
4 stars

Overall
Excellent Stay

We flew in  from Singapore to NY long flight 19 hours and landed 7 pm, and given a low floor room on 2nd floor directly above lobby.  We booked 6 nites stay so expected to be given a decent quiet room. I asked for change of room but rejected. Service is cold and no empathy at all. The aircon noise kept me awake whole nite. I will try to change room again - cannot afford to have 5 sleepless nites.

perfect location and kind staffs

這次在紐約一週幾乎都住在這
有24小時櫃檯服務 半夜抵達也能辦理入住
飯店的位置也很具優勢
離地鐵站超近 附近又有梅西百貨及韓國街
要去百老匯、時代廣場或在第五大道走走都很方便
房間不大 設備比較陳舊 但床鋪還蠻好睡的
空調也超涼爽 夏天很舒適
浴室水壓及即時水溫都ok
但浴室地面排水不佳 是小小敗筆

地下室有小小的健身房 但基本該有的都有
空調不錯 跑步也很舒適

飯店提供寄放行李服務 當日免費
過夜要加收費用

Hotel we wspaniałej lokalizacji! Klimatyzacja działa bez problemów, łazienka sprawna, pokój z widokiem na ESB na 20 piętrze bardzo cichy. Polecam właśnie z tej strony pokój bo nawet wind nie słychać. Windy są trzy ale sprawnie działają. Przy wymeldowaniu można zostawić bagaże nawet na cały dzień! -To ogromny plus a personel bez zastrzeżeń. Polecam szczerze!

I just spoke with Anson on the phone about my upcoming reservation for the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade and through that weekend. He was fantastic! He made sure that my room was booked correctly with a parade view. He possessed excellent customer service, answered all my questions, and was extremely nice throughout our entire conversation. I’m confident that my family and I will have a wonderful stay at this HGI location! Can’t wait to experience the parade in person - just  from the comfort of our room! Anson, thanks again for the top notch customer service! See you all in November!

My husband booked this hotel based on the location, reviews, price, and thinking it had complementary breakfast (that's how it was advertised on Expedia). Breakfast is not free. Location was perfect - right next to the subway, walking distance to MSG, Times Square, Flat Iron District, Empire State building, Broadway, Penn Station, 5th Ave...

The only "cons" we had were the outlets and the beds. All the outlets at the base of the lamps were loose so nothing would charge unless you held it in place. The wall outlets worked great. And the beds severely lacked support. I'm not a picky sleeper but these beds had us feeling like we were sleeping in a V shape. Our room had two full sized beds (husband and I traveled with our teenager) and both beds were like that. Could use some updated mattresses.

Staff was very friendly. We were able to securely store our luggage at the hotel while we explored the city prior to check in. They had excellent restaurant recommendations, and when checking out they were able to arrange transportation to the JFK Airport.

합리적인 가격에 맨하탄 중심에 위치한 호텔에 묵을 수 있는 기회를 만들어 주는 숙소.

1. 위치 : 맨하탄 35번가 서편에 위치함. 왠만한 주요 랜드마크는 도보로 이동 가능하였음.
- 엠파이어 스테이트 빌딩 2분
- 코리아타운 5분
- 브라이언트파크,공립도서관 5분
- 록펠러센터 10분
- 타임스퀘어 15분

2. 서비스 : 친절한 응대와 굉장히 빠른 일처리로 대기시간을 거의 Zero로 만들어 주었음. 또한 자체 편의점을 운영하고 있어 급하게 음료나 먹을거리가 필요한 경우 호텔 1층에서 구입 가능함.

3. 기타
1) 호텔 바로 옆에 한식, 중식 식당과 까페가 위치해 있어 매우 유용함.
2) 1박 당 50불의 디파짓이 있는데, 체크인 할 때 결제하고 이 금액은 투숙하는 동안 호텔 1층 편의점 이용할 때 디파짓에서 차감되도록 이용할 수도 있음. (물론, 디파짓 차감시키지 않고 따로 결제해도 됨). 해당 디파짓은 체크아웃 시에 페이백 되는 금액임.
3) 별도 리조트 Fee 없음.
4) 4인 가족이 하나의 방에 묵을 수 있는 룸도 있음.
5) 방에서 엠파이어 스테이트 빌딩 조망이 가능함.

Fussläufig auch mit Koffern von der Penn Station entfernt. Von hier aus konnten wir super NYC erkunden. Vieles zu Fuss, alles andere mit der Metro vor der Türe.|Die Zimmer waren zwar klein aber sauber. Dusche funktionierte gut und die Betten waren bequem.|Wir konnten vom Zimmer aus das Empire State Building sehen. |Das Personal war sehr freundlich. Wir konnten problemlos unsere Koffer nach dem Checkout noch im Hotel lassen.|Wir waren sehr zufrieden und würden immer wieder das Hotel auswählen.

Fussläufig auch mit Koffern von der Penn Station entfernt. Von hier aus konnten wir super NYC erkunden. Vieles zu Fuss, alles andere mit der Metro vor der Türe.
Die Zimmer waren zwar klein aber sauber. Dusche funktionierte gut und die Betten waren bequem.
Wir konnten vom Zimmer aus das Empire State Building sehen.
Das Personal war sehr freundlich. Wir konnten problemlos unsere Koffer nach dem Checkout noch im Hotel lassen.
Wir waren sehr zufrieden und würden immer wieder das Hotel auswählen.

Hotels are usually rated by hospitality. And there was really none here. I wish I had never stayed at this place and genuinely advise you to please stay away from this one. From the time I entered the hotel to check-in I was shouted at by the person who was supposed to be storing my luggage only because I was trying to help him. Then I was shouted at by the person who was in the lobby selling Hilton honors membership when I told her I already had one, she became extremely condescending. I once asked for a glass so I can heat some water in the microwave but was shouted at again because how dare I ask that question. Also last thing - never ask for ketchup because you will be ignored and the person will just look through you as if you didn’t exist just like that ketchup. So I would apologize to this hotel staff genuinely for staying at this hotel and making them have to work, I guess their salaries are pretty low and I should have not dared increase their work load so again sorry. I actually forgot the bartender, probably because he always forgot to ask me if I wanted something while waiting for what seemed hours trying to buy a drink, but what else do you expect at this point?

The rooms are okay from a space (for New York) perspective but the bed sucks. There’s a gap between the bed and the headboard so the atrocious pillows slip inside and you wake up with a sore neck. The chair in the room sucks so it’s only good for dumping used clothes etc. They have skimped out on the bathroom flush so toilet paper doesn’t get flushed in one go. The room has a microwave but nothing really that you can microwave things in. I would have been okay with all this but the staff are HORRIBLE so everything overall is a very negative vibe. It seems like the staff are extremely underpaid and have no incentive to even be polite to the guests. There’s a lady that roams around in the lobby trying to sell you ‘free’ shit and is really disrespectful and condescending. The location is amazing but there are many other hotels, even Hiltons in Manhattan and any one of them would leave you with a better experience.

Un coup de coeur pour cet hôtel vraiment bien situé a 8 minutes de marche maximum de l'action de Times Square et autre , une station de métro a 40 mètres de l'hôtel , stationnement couvert et sécuritaire a 3 minutes de marches de l'hôtel , resto et bar partout au tour , vous pouvez laisser la voiture pour la durée de votre séjour et tout faire a pied ou métro , chambres vraiment propre , personnels très accueillant , ascenseurs rapide , l'hôtel est vraiment propre ce qui est important pour moi,,,les chambres un peu petites mais c'est New-York et si vous allez a New-York ce n'est pas pour rester dans la chambre,,,j'ai adoré mon séjour en famille et j'y retournerai sans aucune hésitation,,,je recommande vraiment !!!

하우스키핑을 하지 않은 날에 수건 교체를 요청하였음. 3명이 숙박 중이었고 샤워나 핸드타월으 용도로 5장을 요청하였더니 불쾌한 말투로 왜 그렇게 많이 필요한지 질문하고는 4장만 가져다줌. 하우스 키핑을 했다면 훨씬 더 많은 수건이 교체되었을 것이며, 우리는 그것보다 훨씬 적게 요청한 것임. 수건을 가져온 직원도 무례하게 응대함.

위치가 좋은 편이나 야간에 소음이 심함.

Great location a few feet away from Herald Square. Rooms a bit small and cramped, but well outfitted, including a fridge and microwave. A fairly busy hotel but no problem with 3 elevators

El hotel nos ha encantado. Está muy bien ubicado cerca de todo: Time Square, Macy's, 5 th Avenue, Brian Park... Aunque habíamos leído que el personal era algo antipático, tengo que decir que es lo contrario.
Las vistas desde nuestra habitación en el piso 31 eran impresionantes.

Location Location Location. About a 15 min walk to most midtown sights; Times Sq & the theater district, Summit One, MSG, Empire State building, Rockefeller Center etc etc. Subway station on the corner for quick access to the rest of the city.  Really good authentic Korean restaurant a couple doors down (Cho Dang Gol). Rooms are small but our double bed city/parade view room on the 27th floor was just enough space for the 3 of us and our luggage. Small signs of wear and tear but clean and has a mini fridge and microwave. Elevators were quick and although our room was right next to them they were not loud enough to be bothersome. 35st /Herald square is busy area but barely any city noise made its way up to our room. Our only small complaint was there was not an exhaust fan in the bathroom. Staff was pleasant.

El hotel tiene una excelente ubicación, ya que saliendo hay una estación de metro, que te conecta con la mayoría de las rutas, adicionalmente, el servicio del personal es bueno y puedes tener vistas al Empire State.

Rooms are really small but clean. Okay service. Really great location, close to everything.

Pros- Decently large room on the 25th floor with great views. Shower pressure was good, nothing was broken nor run down. Beds were comfortable. Quiet. Subway stop directly outside made the entire trip so convenient. Caught the F train easily to Queens, Brooklyn and Washington Sq. Roma Pizza a block north was outstanding. Safe neighborhood. Received a late checkout. Early checkin on Hilton app allowed us to choose our room.

Cons- digital key card no longer offered, and they refused to issue us a third physical key card even though we had three guests in the room. Closet space is very small for multiple guests. No lounge chair in room, only a desk with office chair. Front desk worker Tony was standoffish and rude. Bathroom was small.

It's has a perfect location, but the standard and the service provided to not defend a price of over $300 per night. You pay for the location.

Positive: Location and smooth check in Negative: The breakfast personal. Very rude and horrible service

اعجبني الفندق نظيف وهادئ  لكن الغرفه صغيره  قضيت ليله واحده

Positive: Room cleaning. Negative: Do not like the antibacterial wipes contain citric acid which is nauseating! Also elliptical machines have the arm handles which shake and the overall stride length.. this may be an old model.

Don't recommend this hotel at all!! The room I was given doesnt match the description pictures. Very old furniture and very dark as it faces the wall of the other building. The staff were saying they didnt have any other rooms, but we assigning rooms to other  people checking in. Liers. Air conditioning is old, dusty and noisy and only 1 chair to sit, although 2 people staying . For this money you can stay in better hotels. So, avoid it.

We recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on W. 35th St. in Manhattan, and we couldn't be happier with our choice! The location is simply unbeatable. Just a short walk from Penn Station, we found it incredibly easy to navigate the city with public transportation right at our fingertips.

The area is bustling with life, filled with a fantastic array of restaurants, food carts, and shopping options with Macys a stone throw away. Being so close to Madison Square Garden and the iconic Empire State Building was a real treat. In fact, we were lucky enough to have a room with a stunning view of the Empire State Building – it made for some unforgettable moments!

As for the rooms, they are standard for a Hilton Garden Inn, which means they are on the smaller side (as expected in NYC), but they were impeccably clean and well-maintained. The amenities were average, but that didn’t detract from our experience.

One thing to note is that while the hotel doesn't have a full-fledged restaurant, the breakfast option they offered was quite good, albeit a bit different from the typical Hilton Garden Inn spread. There’s also a bar that operates during the week, though it’s closed on weekends, which was a slight letdown for us. The outdoor seating area looked cozy and inviting, perfect for a relaxing moment between adventures.

We also appreciated the gym in the basement, which allowed us to keep up with our fitness routines. Plus, the pantry near the front desk was stocked with all sorts of goodies for snacks and essentials.

The staff were incredibly helpful and attentive, making our stay all the more enjoyable. Given how busy the hotel was, we were impressed by how well they managed everything. They even arranged a car service to pick us up for our flight.

Overall, we truly enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn on W. 35th St. and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable and conveniently located spot in the heart of Manhattan!

Positive: Great location and staff was wonderful Negative: ""

Around 283 USD per night when I booked it in Dec 2024. Quite reasonably priced. I was traveling solo and felt safe - door had a safety latch. The location was amazing, right next to a subway entrance. The rooms were old and dark but livable for a few days.

A wonderful first time visit!

The staff and security were friendly and welcoming. Even the lady who cleans the rooms on our floor was friendly and helpful.

The bed was very comfortable, a large, clean bathroom and a reasonably spacious room.

The view was excellent.

With such a wonderful staff and a fantastic location, I look forward to visiting again

It’s conveniently located and the staff is vey friendly. Compared to similar hotels in NYC it’s about average. Staff is great!

The hotel is conveniently located near the metro in Midtown. The room was comfortable and clean, although the facility is a little outdated.
Upon check-in, we asked if we could store our electric bike either in the storage room or in our room. We’re traveling across the country and have been able to securely store our bike at every hotel we've stayed at so far — from budget options like Super 8 to higher-end hotels like The Royal Sonesta. However, the front desk staff on duty that evening denied our request and referred us to the storage staff, who also declined. We were told to leave our bike outside on the street, so we opted to pay for a private parking space nearby to keep it safe.

The next morning, when we checked out and left our bags in the storage room, we asked again—this time with different staff—and were told that we could have stored our bike in the storage room after all.

Had a very pleasant stay for a weekend NYC getaway. It was close by to the Macys and walking distance to the train station. Room was comfortable and quiet.

Great location. A #6 train station is right outside the door. Very convenient.  Housekeeping comes daily. Great shower. Very comfy bed and pillows. The 12th floor hallways were quite warm. Room a/c worked well. Fridge and microwave in the room.

Stayed here for 2 nights. Picked for the location near key metro station and Penn station. Good service and decent room. Great value for money in expensive area.

Nice

Nice staff. Good central location and convenient to Amtrak. Nice clean rooms and decent bed.

My only real negative is the pillows. They kind of suck.

The front desk agent named Tony should not be in a guest-facing role. He was rude and lacked basic courtesy. My wife wasn’t feeling well and simply needed a bottle of water, but he made it an unnecessarily difficult situation. We usually choose IHG properties for their service, but this experience left a very bad impression.

Appreciate your response - As we were leaving and collecting our bags, the same employee felt the need to approach us to justify his earlier behavior in a way that was anything but hospitable. This kind of conduct is completely unacceptable and not what we expect from a Hilton property. I would appreciate a follow-up call from the General Manager or someone in leadership to address this matter directly.

locaton is good near subway less than 5 minutrs,near LIRR less than 10 minutrs

Check-in was complicated, especially if you have a vehicle. You had to check-in, bring you bags into the lobby and check them, then leave to park your car 2-3 blocks away in a garage, then walk back to the hotel, get your bags from the lobby check in and take them to your room. Would be fine without a vehicle, but a terrible pain with a vehicle. Hotel said they had parking, which was a lie. What they should have said was that parking was nearby. Not what was expected paying $550 for one night stay. Would have been nice to have vallet or at least a bellhop to take our bags to our room while we parked. Took about 2 hrs to check in, park, and get into our room.

AC leaked all over the floor. Not great! Location seemed nice with loads of things within walking distance.

I travel to NYC a lot and stay in different hotels. I would be very cautious about staying here if you need to use the air conditioning. I got very ill from the AC, coughing and shaking each time it came on, finally just turned it off and opened the window - it was 90 degrees in NYC. When I looked in the AC unit it was filled with what looked like mold, or just a lot of junk. Maybe it was just my room, but it was not great. The room, building, location, are all great, but def not worth it if the environment is making you ill. They need a full update of their HVAC system.

가족여행인데 숙소도 깨끗하고 넓어서 좋았어요.미국 숙소중에 제일좋았던것 같습니다. 다음에 가도 여기만 이용할것같아요. 너무좋았습니다

Great hotel, great location and friendly staff.

뉴욕의 설렘을 함께 했습니다.대부분 만족스러웠지만엘리베이터 바로 옆방이라 가까워 좋았지만 반면소음이 있었습니다.

Positive: Location Negative: ""

시내랑 가깝고 지하철도 가까웠습니다방도 에어컨 잘 나오고 근처 맛집들도 많고햄버거랑 베이글도 포장해서 방에서 먹었어요

The hotel staff were amazing very helpful and accommodating. The room was small but clean.
As for the bar and bar tender if he worked for me he would be fired on the spot. My wife and me bought a wine and beer from the hotel convent store and proceeded out to their garden area only to be told by their bartender after we were out there for 5 minutes that we should not be out there with our own beverages and that we had to dump them. We told him that we had bought them from the check-in desk but was not hearing any of it.
He was rude and had this over the top attitude and should be fired !!!

Positive: Location & size of rooms Negative: Gym has limited equipment

Desde el piso 27, tenemos está especular vista nocturna de los rascacielos.
Este hotel cuenta con una pequeña tienda de conveniencia. También con una pequeña barra en el primer piso. En el área de afuera cuentan con sillas y mesas.

Great service from concierge manager Michael! Also location is just across Herald Square— super convenient.

Positive: Great location. Clean Negative: ""

Great value and location, interesting restaurant choices...efficient desk staff.

Great Location:
>1 min walk to subway
>5 min walk to Macy's.
>10 min walk to Empire State Building.
~18 min walk to Times Square.
~20 Min Walk to Rockerfeller Center.
~23 min walk to Broadway shows.

We were in room 1206 and were able to see the Empire State Building out the window (when looking up).  Room size was decent.  Not huge, but fit the King size bed with enough room for the 2 of us moving around.  Bathroom and shower is up to date and very clean.  The housekeeping staff did a great job everyday.  We booked through expedia and it included breakfast at the hotel.  The selection is what you'd expect from starbuck's food offerings plus waffle or pancakes.  You get to pick one heated up item and a juice, yogurt, fruit, and maybe a coffee.  No refills, not continental buffet style.

Was able to store my luggage at the lobby after checkout, front desk staff was very friendly.

Overall, would definitely recommend this location.

For the price, this hotel is a great deal. The room was clean, service was standard, and overall everything was as expected. It’s not a luxury experience, but it’s definitely a good bang for your buck.

Big plus: it’s super easy to access public transportation, including nearby subway stations. If you’re looking for something reliable and affordable without frills, this is a solid choice.

Convenient location and friendly staff! 100% recommend

Amazing staff. Comfortable beds. Can we talk about that shower pressure? Heaven 😂😂😂 perfect location as well. Walking distance to majority everything. Subway is really close if you don’t want to walk. Can’t wait to come back.

Очень и очень плохой сервис в отеле. |Уборка хуже некуда. Пришлось даже просить еще раз убрать номер. |Волосы в ванной, грязь на полу в комнате. |Завтрак — это просто какой-то позор. ||Самое ужасное, что номер стоит в высокий сезон 600-900$. Но платить абсолютно не за что.

Очень и очень плохой сервис в отеле.
Уборка хуже некуда. Пришлось даже просить еще раз убрать номер.
Волосы в ванной, грязь на полу в комнате.
Завтрак - это просто какой-то позор.
Самое ужасное, что номер стоит в высокий сезон 600-900$. Но платить абсолютно не за что.

Unexpected gem. A dear friend passed, and I needed a quick, quiet, easy to access place in the city to begin from.  This hotel checks all of those boxes and is extremely convenient to all forms of transit, plus it's (by nyc standards) affordable.  After traveling and attending the service, I had put in a 20-hour day and finally would be able to get to the hotel late at night.  When I arrived, I learned Maria (at the front desk) had upgraded me to a top floor suite with a nice view of the empire state building (3106).  That was unexpectedly nice and provided a deeply appreciated end to the day.  Also,  the room had a Kohler bidet with all the bells and whistles (including heat and an air dryer). I was a tad skeptical, but I freely admit it was amazing. I have no idea if just this room had this, or they all do,  but you owe it to yourself to try one. I found all the personnel to be friendly, warm, and attentive. Sometimes, it is the small things in life that make a hard day have a nice ending.  This hotel was exceptionally good at helping this happen. Highly recommend.

Was in town on business and had a great experience at Hilton Garden Inn New York West 35th Street. The room was clean and comfortable, with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. It was super convenient to walk right up to work in just 5 minutes. The location is ideal, close to everything you need. Staff was friendly and check-in was smooth. Would definitely stay here again.

I think this hotel is primarily fantastic because of its location. A massive multi subway station was just outside the door, and it's located next to an incredibly great rooftop bar and just a few blocks down from Time Square and one block off of the Empire State bldg. Plus it's relatively right in the middle of the city so you can go any direction you would like. This particular block of 6th Avenue next to it is also often used for street fairs and weekend activities, extending up a few blocks to Bryant Park. There's a small quaint open park diagonally from the hotel, and the hotel seemed nice in and of itself. The only one negative is the exercise room is lacking.

Wir haben 8 Nächte im Hilton verbracht. Die Lage ist super, drum herum gibt's viele Restaurants, Bars, Kaffees, Shopping Möglichkeit. U- Bahn Eingang ist nur wenige Schritte entfernt. Wir waren zu 3 in einem Zimmer, dafür waren die Zimmer etwas klein sowie auch die Betten. Kühlschrank vorhanden, Bett klein aber sehr gemütlich und alles war sauber. Das Personal war sehr nett und hilfsbereit. Es ist etwas lauter bei offenen Fenster, was uns aber überhaupt nicht gestört hat, schließlich ist das Hotel in einer belebten Gegend. Der Time Square ist in ca 10-15min zu Fuß erreichbar. Das Empire State Building eine Straße weiter. Wir hatten sogar ein Zimmer mit Aussicht darauf. Wir würden definitiv wieder kommen.

Perfect in all regards. Clean, quiet. No complaints only compliments.

Compared to other hotels in New York - great value, extremely fast wifi, clean and simply had no problems - coming back again!

Room was bleak, sheets and linens were not clean. It felt very cheap and elevators were old, felt unsafe since one was stuck on 31st floor. Started construction at 6:00 am on a sunday with drilling and banging all through the morning. Would never stay again.

I made a reservation a month before and wanted to update my information and the Manager named MARIA working on 5/17 at noon was condescending and barking rude orders back to me that she cannot make any changes to my reservation. Now i see why other guests have left comments here about the TERRIBLE guest services they have. As a HILTON MEMBER, I highly recommend reviewing the GUEST Services department in this hotel since they obviously need additional training in the customer service department area. Poor manners like she's talking to someone off the streets and not a frequent hotel member.

Positive: The elevators were so quick. The room was super clean and a great size for Midtown Manhattan. Just a block away from the empire state building and we booked a city view and were not disappointed at all. Microwave and fridge saved $$ with our picky kid Negative: No

One block from empire state building. We booked a city view room and weren't at all disappointed. Great size room for Midtown. Great staff, baggage storage cause we arrived on the redeye. Awesome all around.

So my family and I stayed here 2 weeks ago ..and I really must say ..I loved it...the room was a bit small...but the beds were comfortable enough and I am going to agree with someone who commented that the pillows are way too soft ... 💯 They are too soft....but the sheets ..the room the bathroom were nice and clean.  The location was perfect...close to the rails...and so close to the Empire State...and Macy's right around the corner.... literally.  The staff at the Hilton Garden was also very helpful and courteous....they had a really nice lobby area where you can sit and read..or people watch.  Nice restaurants around....Dunkin was right around the corner so was Starbucks...Taco Bell....Dim Sum.... Korean....really great stay....thank you guys!!!!!💖

The location of this hotel is absolutely perfect..it’s important to request a higher floor because the lower floors can be quite noisy. The hotel itself is clean and well-maintained, and the staff were friendly and helpful throughout our stay. Overall, a great experience, especially thanks to the unbeatable location.

Perfect location for visiting Manhattan. Nice stuff and very clean rooms.

Très bien placé mais prestation de la chambre moyenne et vieillot. Les lits doubles étaient petit pour 2 et peu confortables. Chambre assez bruyante, manque de luminosité, de lampes, très basique. Même pas d'eau donné dans la chambre.

Muy buen hospedaje para descansar…. Habitación justa . Muy limpio todo, siempre.
El ascensor se rompió varios días en la semana que nos quedamos 😠. El personal muy atento todo el tiempo ….. Por el precio  esperaba más

Positive: The location was great! We were right across the street from Herald Square Macys, a block away from Empire State Building and about a 10-15 walk to Times Square. Negative: The AC unit was quite loud and the cost was a bit pricey.

Ho scelto questa struttura perchè ero in viaggio con mia mamma e volevo quindi un hotel comodo per visitare Manhattan. La scelta è stata sicuramente azzeccata, la posizione è davvero il punto di forza, a 1 block  rispetto all'Empire State Building e 10 minuti a piedi (o una fermata di metropolitana) da Times Square. Appena usciti dall'hotel c'è l'ingresso per la metropolitana, comodità impagabile.
La struttura non è chiaramente delle più nuove, tuttavia la pulizia è sempre stata eccellente e le dimensioni della camera erano sicuramente più grandi rispetto a quelle di strutture di più recente costruzione che ho potuto sperimentare in viaggi precedenti, oltretutto dotata di macchina del caffè, microonde e volendo anche ferro da stiro (sebbene non abbiamo mai usufruito di nessuna di queste cose). Nel complesso quindi è una struttura che mantiene le aspettative, con un buon rapporto qualità/prezzo (per quella che è la realtà attuale degli US e di New York in particolare), che consiglierei e che probabilmente risceglierei in un prossimo viaggio.

Correct
Emplacement : top
Petit déjeune : sans plus
Personnel : gentils et souriants

Die Lage ist optimal wenn man mit dem Zug zur Penn Station kommt (zu Fuss ca 15min) bzw am Broadway eine Show besuchen will (auch ca 15min). Ubahn-Station gleich vor Hotel. Macys vis a vis. Hatten Zimmer im obersten Stock mit Blick auf Empire State Building. Fenster konnte einen Spalt geöffnet werden -  hatten also Frischluft und in der Nacht immer bei offenem Fenster geschlafen weil Klimaanlage recht laut. Gegend für NY erstaunlich ruhig. Beim Einchecken bekamen wir je eine gratis Flasche Wasser. Zimmergrösse ok, Betten super. Frühstück hatten wir keines - rundherum aber sehr viele Lokale. Hotel hat drei Lifte - da musste. Wir oft warten, bis einer da war. Aber das wars auch schon. Kann ich empfehlen!

Amazing location like others have said- in the heart of action, right across Macy’s and subway literally right outside the hotel.
Walkable to plethora of attractions.
Decent size rooms, wonderful staff. Michael checked us in and he is very polite.
Room service every day. Felt safe throughout the stay.

Positive: Security Negative: Personnel at the entrance receiving the Suitcases and given them.

One of the worst hotels we've ever been to! We've never received such shocking and humiliating service! They insulted us and kicked us out of the hotel in the middle of the night for forgetting the key to our room, which we paid a fortune for!

HOTEL TRES BIEN SITU2E AVEC VUE SUR l'empire state building depuis la chambre : fabuleux. cependant chambre petite pour 5 personnes et lits etroits. Petit déjeuner limité en choix et tout surplus est cher car limité en quantité mais il est bon. Mais c'est cher en rapport qualité prix mais c'est new york on paie la localisation qui est  parfaite

Soggiorno assolutamente deludente. La struttura si presenta antiquata e in condizioni manutentive imbarazzanti. Le camere sono tappezzate da una moquette lurida: considerando quanto siano sporche le strade di New York, su quella superficie si potrebbe tranquillamente avviare uno studio microbiologico per la quantità di batteri presenti.

Il bagno – se così si può chiamare – è minuscolo e, come tristemente consueto fuori dall’Italia, manca del bidet. Questo dettaglio, ogni volta, mi lascia esterrefatto e conferma la sensazione di quanto sia carente l’attenzione all’igiene personale nei Paesi dove il bidet non è previsto.

Il condizionatore della stanza era in condizioni pietose: filtri e alette completamente intasati di polvere, peli, capelli e probabilmente altro che è meglio non sapere. Anche il comodino accanto al letto aveva i cassetti interni coperti da un visibile strato di polvere.

L’armadio? Una vera barzelletta: una misera fessura nel muro con una porticina di legno che si apre a fatica, al cui interno si trova una micro asta su cui è possibile appendere sì e no quattro stampelle.

I letti non sono nemmeno matrimoniali standard, ma da una piazza e mezza, pur trattandosi di una camera venduta come “quadrupla”.

Unica nota positiva: il personale è stato sempre cortese e disponibile. Ma per il resto, se fossi il signor Hilton, mi vergognerei ad associare il mio nome a una struttura del genere.

Hôtel très propre et bien situé. Nous avions une chambre double avec 2 enfants et c'était largement suffisant. Le petit déjeuner est très correct. Le frigo et le micro onde dans la chambre c'est un plus, on se faisait à manger le soir dans la chambre. Je recommande sans problème.

Rooms are a little tight, but clean. Definitely pay for ‘Silver’ room if you can. This will likely put you on a higher floor and facing 35th street, with a view of the Empire State Building.
We stayed on the 30th floor, so that cut down on the street noise as well.
Really close to the time square, and subway.

My family booked 2 rooms at this hotel last Sunday night. Overall, we were pleased with this hotel for the following reasons:

1. Room are spacious, comfortable, clean bed, clean bathroom, working desk, large TV, free high speed internet, and free coffee.

2. This is ideal location for us because we love hanging out ar Korean town. Also, it’s only 10 minutes walk to Time Square.

3. Although they don't have their own parking, there are a few public parking garage nearby.  So, it’s quite convenient.

4. They offered very affordable rate for Sunday check-in.

So, what preventing me from giving this hotel a 5-star rating?

1. We agreed with other reviewers that the service desk host (afternoon session) could be a bit friendlier. Her responses can easily triggered the guests.

2. Their pillows are too soft. Yes, I understand that this may be a preferences, but I could not be comfortable after stacking two pillows on top of each other. So, I did not have a great night sleep.

Overall, we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and will be back on our next trip to NYC.

Positive: Close to subway Negative: ""

Positive: Location. Good service/ people Negative: ""

The hotel is good and the location is wonderful. The staff were not at all interested in giving any information, they did give the information but the response was very unfriendly

Nice hotel with slightly larger rooms in NYC at a good value price point.  Location is exceptional for a lot of things.  Staff really makes this place shine, and goes out of the way to make a great experience.  Room had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building.

While the staff wasn't explicitly rude, the front desk team could significantly improve their helpfulness and welcoming attitude. There were several issues that detracted from the overall experience:

1. Room phone functionality: The in-room phone numbers for housekeeping and other services didn't work. If these services aren't available via phone, it would be better to remove the phone or clearly communicate alternative contact methods.

2. Water accessibility: It was inconvenient to have to go to the reception and then be directed to the workout area on a different floor just to get drinking water. The hotel should either provide water in rooms or clearly communicate where guests can easily access it.

3. Digital key issues: When the Hilton app's digital key feature didn't work, the office staff's response to my request for help was condescending and unhelpful. A more patient and solution-oriented approach would have been appreciated.

4. Overall service attitude: The staff seemed indifferent to guests' needs and concerns, which significantly impacted the stay quality.

Due to these issues, particularly the poor service experience, I won't be returning to this location. As a paying customer, I expected a higher standard of service and accommodation.

April 2025 - this is my first stay at this hotel.  The room I had was spacious for an NYC hotel and very comfortable.  There was floor to ceiling windows and given the direction I was facing, the room was very bright.  The room was very clean and the bathroom looked reasonably new.  The room was carpeted.  The hotel has 10 rooms per floor wrapped around 3 elevators - so there might be elevator noise (although I didn't hear it on a high floor)  They are associated with a parking garage where you drop the car off and you can charge the parking to your room (for normal size cars only - not oversized) which is a great convenience for business expense purposes.

The only downside is that the breakfast area is a-la-carte and set up like a Starbucks with grab-and-go items.  You only get $10 as a Diamond credit and they charge $4 for a 12-oz cup of coffee (with 1 refill).

I do not believe that there was coffee available in the lobby.

As strange as it sounds, I have become accustomed to getting hot coffee as I enter or leave hotels and this is a rather big disadvantage for me.  While there is a Keurig in the room, it just isn't the same.

Given this 1 downside, I would consider other Hilton properties - since there are ones nearby that have similar rooms and slightly better amenities (like coffee)

NOTE: I post reviews only so I can remember places that I have stayed for business travel.  What I consider important is solely my discretion and I am not trying to influence anyone's decisions or get an action from the hotel.

Beautiful hotel great rooms and location. Only thing they don't have a pet relief area on property.

Hotel staff were v kind and helpful.

清潔程度普通，我們住六天總共也只給兩瓶水，但地點無可挑剔

Positive: "" Negative: ""

This was our second stay at this facility, and we're changing from 4 stars to 5.  You can't beat the location.  The staff was super friendly, our room was ready 4 hours before check in time, which was fantastic.  While the furniture and fixtures have some age on them, the rooms are clean and comfortable.  The room we stayed at this trip, 1410 (single king), was massive compared to some of the other shoeboxes we've stayed in while in the city.  Customer service was also great during our stay.

Excellent location and help guest was very friendly.
Room is great: comfortable beds, quiet and good shower. However, the double beds seem smaller than the standard double beds. It's a bit tight for 2 people to share the bed

Super emplacement et vue magnifique.
On été réveille par une fausse alarme à 5h du matin avec aucune annonce.

With I could give this place no stars.

Stayed here about 8-9 times over the last year & it's always been a fine experience. Good for the price, ya know!

However stayed over the weekend, me and my partner were given a blood soaked room, we asked to have them fix the situation and they refused. They threatened to call the police if I didn't 'stop complaining' lol. In the morning - after sleeping on the floor - they agreed to give us a suite to apologize and then when we came to check in were told to 'get over ourselves' and that the suite wasn't promised.

Truly awful. Terrible spot & terrible staff.

You can't get much closer to the city than this. Great service and clean rooms.  Breakfast is good and coffee is Always on!

Una de las peores experiencias que he tenido en un hotel. Desde el momento del check-in, el trato del personal dejó mucho que desear. En particular, la trabajadora Janis parecía estar de mal humor todo el día, haciendo que la recepción se sintiera más como un interrogatorio que como una bienvenida sin aportar ninguna información sobre los horarios del desayuno u otros servicios. Cuando se trabaja de cara al público, la amabilidad y los buenos modales son fundamentales, algo que aquí brilla por su ausencia en Janis.
Estaba fijándome en el trato de su compañero a otros huéspedes que estaban haciendo el check-in a la vez que nosotros y se ve que que las malas formas era la práctica común del personal de recepción de este hotel.

Por si fuera poco, el desayuno es mediocre: poca variedad y productos de baja calidad. Definitivamente, no es el tipo de servicio que uno espera cuando paga por una estancia placentera. No repetiré.

Clean and comfortable rooms, some of the. With a great view of the empire state building. The noise from the street outside is loud, the windows are not very noise cancelling.
Great central location for a lot of places

Location 5/5. Everything else 0/5.

Clean, quiet, and friendly staff. Will stay here again.

Lo mejor que tiene este hotel es su ubicación. Realmente si van a NYC para hacer turismo es muy buena opción por la ubicación. Ahora, lo que son las instalaciones la verdad que bastante antiguo todo. En cuanto llegamos no nos dieron explicaciones de nada, no sabíamos que horario tenia el desayuno, ni instalaciones, ni información extra que suelen dar para dar la bienvenida.
En cuanto al desayuno incluido, fue lo más decepcionante. Realmente el desayuno es elegir una especie de sandwich que se calienta en plástico y te lo dan así en el plástico caliente, luego elegir solo una pieza de fruta (Solo hay manzana y plátano), un yogur Activia y una cosa de bebida (hay zumos artificiales embotellados y leche o batido de chocolate). Cualquier cosa extra que quieras, debe ser pagado.
Realmente no es un servicio que esperas de un 4 estrellas ni muchisimo menos.... da un poco sensación de haber sido estafados.
A nosotros nos despertaron a las 5.30 por una alarma de incendios, bajándo 21 pisos por la escalera y en ningún momento nadie del hotel dijo que era falsa alarma, y que podíamos volver, nos enteramos por otros huéspedes.
Creo que lo mejor que tiene el hotel es la ubicación y que la cama era cómoda, pero el resto, realmente esta bastante lejos de ser un 4 estrellas de Hilton... bastante decepcionante.

Comfortable stay, clean rooms and linens. Very cordial staff.

Chegamos às 7h da manhã, deixamos as malas em locker na recepção e aguardamos até 13h da tarde para acessar o quarto. Pela excelente localização deu para curtir a cidade enquanto aguardávamos, tem um
Hot dog do natan atrás do hotel, o café da manhã é bonzinho apesar do preço.
O quarto não é grande, para uma família de 4 pessoas já fica um pouco apertado, as camas de casal são estreitas, colchões moles e travesseiros também, mas com boa roupa de cama e banho, possuem ameniquites completo de shampoo, condicionador, sabão e hidratante. As camas não se movem , para crianças pequenas dormirem encostadas na paredes ou na outra cama não será possível.
Possui televisão moderna com aplicativos, frigobar, microondas e cafeteira.
Não há muita hospitalidade e simpatia dos funcionários.

The view was excellent from our room. Wish the beds were a bit bigger but we spent most of our time outside exploring. Cheap cocktail options in the lobby. Gym was very clean and had a good variety of equipment.

The location is perfect, but the hotel is too old

Was thoroughly impressed by the room and services, especially the daily housekeeping. Highly recommend for a solo traveller. It’s near the subway, and service provided by the staff are adequate. Toilets are clean too, I enjoyed my stay. One minor thing to improve on, I wished they provided slippers! It was uncomfortable stepping on carpet all the time.

War im Februar mit Familie ( 2 Familien)  in New York. Das Hotel war gut. Perfekte Lage. Die U-Bahn Station direkt daneben. Zimmer und Bad sauber und ausreichend. Ruhig. Ich kann das Hotel wirklich weiter empfehlen. Das Zimmer Service war verlässlich und die meisten Mitarbeiter hilfsbereit.

Excelente estadía y gran ubicación en Hilton Garden. Recomendable.

위치는 지하철역 및 상점앞이라 나쁘지는 않으나 내부가 낡았고 청결도가 좀 아쉬습니다하지만 시설은 전반적으로 괜찮고 직원들이 친절했어요

This will become the go to NY hotel.

excellent!! location is amazing and although its small, it has everything!

Una Excelente atención por parte del Staff, en especial a George de recepción que nos apoyó en todo momento con nuestras dudas y apoyo para nuestro traslado al aeropuerto. Habitación en perfectas condiciones y la limpieza impecable. La ubicación del hotel es perfecta. Gracias por sus atenciones.

Fantastic location if you want to tour Manhattan, or what most people consider "NYC". Room was musty and needs updating, however. There is no hotel parking, but there is a convenient public parking garage down the street.

The attitude from the check-in dude was pretty lame, the typical "hurry up, no questions, we have a lot of check-in today" attitude, no upgrade with the diamond status, upsides are great location and comfy bed

Tremendo servicio. En la recepción nos atendieron. Muy bien. Apelar que eramos un grupo grande tuvieron un buen trato con todos. Lo recomiendo al 200%. Cerca de todo.

This hotel was amazing, I’m very picky and the first thing that I look is if the room is clean and yes!!! They exceeded my expectations. Everyday towels clean, everything clean. Thank you very much.
The staff very friendly and nice.
I will stay again.

I was from February 6 to February 9 of this year 2025, since we arrived (a group of 12 people) the treatment was excellent.

They helped us with our requests, the rooms very comfortable, clean all organized. Super comfortable bathrooms Large towels, clean and with everything you need for personal cleaning.

The Super Room cleaning, in short all excellent really I recommend it. 🗽🤍

PD: My room was the 2809 a spectacular view Thanks to everyone for the deal.

뭐니해도 위치가 최고죠.. 코리아 타운과 가까워 한국 식당 이용이 아주 편리해요

This is the best hotel room I ever seen a great view a great room this is the best hotel in new york!!

Just returned for a stay. Our upper level room had a great view of the Empire State building. The room was very clean and quiet and the bed comfortable. The room was small but it had everything we needed. The staff was friendly and helpful. Parking was located down the street.

Con. Upon arrival there was a gentleman at podium that I thought had something to do with check-in. He was actually part of the Hilton marketing team and was trying to get me to agree to attend a two hour timeshare presentation. Not cool!
The actual check-in went well. They put me on the 11th floor room 1109 which is  at the end took away by an exit. I was concerned it would be noisy., but it wasn’t. As for security, the guard is a joke with his head constantly in his phone or hiding out in a little closet. He didn’t make me feel safe at all. However, elevator is operated using your key which I thought was a pretty decent safety mechanism. You can also use a digital key, but I saw two people try to use that and it didn’t work for them so maybe the actual key card is the way to go.
They have a what appears to be a well stocked little shop by reception.
They offer a paid breakfast, nothing free. A major downside for me was the smell of the linens and in particular the pillows. Just a funk to them that I couldn’t get past. The pillows just smelled like head sweat so I purchased a new one at Target and used that. Showers are good. I think the products that they offer are really strongly scented and so if you’re someone with an allergy, bring your own soap, lotions and shampoo/conditioner.

The room itself offered a king bed, nice tv, refrigerator, microwave and Keurig. They offered coffee and tea kcups.
I never heard vacuuming of any kind before like 9 AM in the morning which was really nice cause they let you sleep.
It’s super centrally located, across the street from from Macy’s and 34th St., Herald Square. Lots of food and shopping options as well as sightseeing. There is a an entrance to the train station at the corner, which is super convenient.
It’s really hustling bustling place and yet it’s still very quiet so that’s really good.

Very good experience at Hilton Garden Inn, hotel staff are very kind and accommodating they checked me in very early
Super fast check-in, everything about my stay was perfect. The only thing that I disliked was that the bed sheets and blanket were worn out and thin.

Decent and clean room. Good service. Hotel is close to subway and many atttractions. There’s a parking not too far.

Clean and comfortable.  Very friendly,  helpful staff! We will definitely come back. Rooms are a bit small but pretty standard for NYC.

Ottimo hotel a Mid Town. Qualità prezzo garantita. Pulito, cambio di asciugamani giornaliero e stanza silenziosa e calda. Ottima posizione, con la metro a 30 secondi a piedi. Tutto come da prenotazione, stanza grande, vista città e piano alto.|Consigliato.

Great location but the rooms it’s 3 star
Definitely need to be upgraded

We visited NYC for Christmas and chose this hotel due to its convenient location. The staff were friendly and helpful.

The hotel was very small which isn’t unusual for NYC. The elevators are tiny and the corridors are very narrow. Due to the size of the elevators, some days we were waiting a while.

The room was very clean and spacious though for 3 guests. The decor was quite dated but the room did the job. Beds were comfortable, the hotel was quiet and the TV had a good selection of channels including Netflix, YouTube and Amazon Prime.

If you’re on a budget in NYC and are looking for a hotel in a great location that does the job, this is pretty good.

Très bon séjour! L'hôtel est vieillissant mais propre, bien placé et le personnel disponible.|Le petit déjeuner est bon il y a du choix.|Tout était très bien, je recommande cet hôtel. |La station de métro est juste à la sortie de l'hôtel. Le quartier est vraiment bien, très bien situé. Nous ne regrettons pas notre choix.

Great location and service. Room and free breakfast was just average. Nice view of Empire State Building from the room. Walkable distance to time square.

우선 위치가 너무 편리한 곳이었습니다. 뉴욕 물가를 고려하면 이 만한 장소는 충분히 경쟁력 있다고 생각합니다. 전반적으로 무난합니다.

Lokalizacja - super,
obsługa...ok.
pokoje....troche grzyba, odpadające uchwyty na papier toaletowy czy ręczniki. ale to standard w NYC.

No ale śniadania to prawdziwy hit.  Tłusto słodkie. Zero - dosłownie ZERO warzyw...codziennie to samo - jedynie bułki z dnia na dzień stawały sie coraz to twardsze...pod koniec pobytu można było gwoździe przybijać.

Nice hotel, friendly staff to accommodate the guests' needs. Good location with crowds. High traffic when I was there near Christmas.

Sehr zentral gelegen. Personal nach einer 20h Reise sehr unhöflich. Lästern auf Englisch über einen in der Annahme das man kein Englisch kann!! Auch mit der Managerin. Doch können wir!! Personal am morgen super nett und zuvorkommend. Kompliziertes einchecken wenn man mehrere Zimmer hat. (Jedes Zimmer muss separat eingecheckt werden und darf nicht neben den eigenen Familien Mitglieder stehen da es sonst zu überfordernd ist.)
Hätte 1 Stern gegeben wenn die liebe Dame am morgen nicht so zuvorkommend gewesen wäre.

Charge showed up on card weeks later; watch your account.

Great view, clean by little outdated room, but no complains

We stayed for a whole week. Great location and subway accessible, staff is very friendly, room was clean, they are a bit small and pillows could be better but overall have no complains.

The stay overall was good, rooms were a bit tight but my Tiffany and co necklace valued at almost $600 went missing from my jewellery box. I didn’t realize until I already got back to Canada. Would not trust any belongings left behind.

Pretty good hotel, went here with my family for visiting New York for the first time. Was the summer of 9th grade(2023 Summer). My sister actually met her boyfriend in this trip which was wild. I liked the service and the glass elevator. Korean town is right around the corner too.

Great cozy hotel. Price reasonable

This was our second stay at this hotel, and like last time, it exceeded our expectations. Not only is it close and convenient to everything, but the rooms are clean and comfortable. The best part of this hotel is it's staff. Everyone we came in contact with from George at the front desk and Alex in guest services to the housekeeping staff and luggage attendants was just wonderful. They are friendly and accommodating and go above and beyond for their guests. Thanks again for a great stay.

To the point .George at the check in .and shawn bar tender.such a 10. for our stay our experience so made our trip and stay.this place was very clean .Great staff.awesome location to macys.and so so much more.we will stay again in nyc.JUST DO IT

Wat een enorm gunstig gelegen hotel. Om er te komen hele klus omdat alles afgezet was voor de thanksgiving parade. Maar toen dat opgeruimd was 2 min lopen naar Penn station. Kamers prima en schoon! Badkamer ruim genoeg en ook schoon! Elke dag schone handdoeken. Macy aan de overkant. Personeel ontzetten hartelijk. En behulpzaam! Kamer heeft airco (niet nodig in dec) magnetron en ruime koelkast. Kortom aanrader! We komen hier zeker terug.

TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE! AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!

WE STAYED FROM SEPTEMBER 27TH TO OCTOBER 4TH, AND IT WAS THE WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE WE’VE EVER HAD. THEY CHARGED A SECURITY DEPOSIT AND NEVER RETURNED OUR MONEY.

SINCE THEN, WE’VE BEEN STUCK IN A RIDICULOUS BLAME GAME. HOTELS.COM SAYS WE HAVE TO DEAL DIRECTLY WITH THE HOTEL, AND THE HOTEL SAYS TO CONTACT HOTELS.COM. WHEN WE CALLED THE HOTEL, THEY SAID THE REFUND WOULD TAKE UP TO 30 DAYS. WELL, IT’S BEEN TWO MONTHS NOW, AND STILL NOTHING!

THIS IS AN UNACCEPTABLE LACK OF RESPONSIBILITY TOWARD THE CUSTOMER. NOBODY ANSWERS EMAILS, AND NOBODY SOLVES ANYTHING. THIS HOTEL IS A SCAM DISGUISED AS HOSPITALITY.

IF YOU DON’T WANT TO LOSE YOUR MONEY AND DEAL WITH THIS LEVEL OF FRUSTRATION, STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! THEY HAVE ZERO RESPECT FOR THEIR GUESTS AND ARE COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE.

SCAMMERS, IRRESPONSIBLE, AND ABSOLUTELY DISRESPECTFUL. I WOULDN’T RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO MY WORST ENEMY!

Great location. Right next to subway entrance. Easy walk to lots of sites and plenty to eat all around. We had a room for a family of 4 and it was plenty of space. We got lucky and even got a view of the Thanksgiving parade out of our window we were so happy because it was raining that day. Staff is friendly and prompt. I would stay here again.

Estuve alojada ahí durante 7 días tuve un serio inconveniente al momento de pagar mi estadía porque eligieron la forma de pago que no era la que yo les avise, hice el reclamo el día del check out me dijeron que me lo iban a responder a las 48 hs  ,no recibi ninguna respuesta , envie correo haciendo el reclamo al Director of Front Office y tampoco recibi respuesta. Una falta total de respeto al pasajero

Hermoso

The customer service and welcoming atmosphere at this hotel was outstanding. It set the tone for a wonderful visit to NYC for our family and we all noticed the exceptional hospitality and service. The hotel was clean, well maintained and centrally located but above all the service was excellent so kudos to your staff. We will definitely be back.

Close to everything!

The staff was very friendly and helpful. I appreciate that they had a small marketplace to purchase snacks and drinks. Unfortunately, my bathroom had multiple hairs in the shower and mold on the ceiling. Also, be careful with the water in the faucet. Usually, you turn on hot water and it is hot but not painful. Their water was scalding hot and I actually winced in pain. Be sure to turn on both cold and hot. I stayed at this hotel as well as the Hampton Next Door. Given the price and breakfast I would prefer the Hampton. The location was fantastic!

This is in a great location, across street from herald square Macys on 34th. 10 min from the Moynihan station and there’s a subway entrance right outside the entrance of the hotel. A lot of restaurants near and two blocks from Korea town. Nice view of the city if you get a room on the top floors. The price generally is very high for the level of an expressive hotel. The elevators are terrible, there are only three and they are tiny. I have walked down from 26th floor one busy morning because they are all full after 30 min wait and stops almost every floor. So if you need to rush for business meetings in the morning don’t stay here. Terrible elevator management. The staff is generally good except one lady tall big with glasses she is absolutely horrible.

Excellent location, just next to Macy’s and very near Penn Station. Lots of food options nearby. Walking distance to Times Square.

Rooms are very small though, but they do daily service. The standard of housekeeping is high. Lifts are responsive and the wait time is short.

I’ll be back, because of the good location. Recommended!

Tired but clean room in a busy tourist area. Stuff we’re nice enough. But the hotel was incredibly dated.

We stayed for a work trip and India and Gina could not have made the process easier or more pleasant. The location was excellent, everything was safe and clean, and every staff member was delightful. Highly recommend!

Steps from the subway, walking distance to many key attractions (Times Square, MSG, Empire State Building, etc), well appointed room (the shower was heavenly!). My only advice is to pass on the breakfast upgrade;  the selection is limited and heavily restricted: one yogurt, one piece of fruit (zero variety, hope you like apples), juice OR coffee (not both, and no refills) and a bland selection of microwaved breakfast sandwiches. There are dozens of better options nearby, pick one.

Poor recognition of elite benefits: Hilton Gold, Cash stay - Asked for 3 pm late checkout, got told it would cost half the day’s rate. Which means they had rooms, they just didn’t wanted to recognize status. Nice attempt at maximizing revenue, but it does mean I won’t ever stay here again and discourage this hotel on Flyertalk.

Cramped rooms, even by Midtown standards. Rattling AC. Slow elevators. Bad housekeeping that left a dirty toilet requiring a room change. A weak use of $400/night.

Injured but no compensation

This staff made our stay excellent, beginning with Daisy. She added goodies to our room, my friend and I are Air Force Veterans, celebrating 30 years of friendship. One of the staff hailed us a taxi to take us to see Wicked. If you desire plush accommodations, great location and an attentive staff. Book this hotel!

Amazing to wake up to this view!

Hotel close to subway. Near to Empire State building and not too far from Times Square. Great choice of places to eat or buy food. Fresh food store not too far away. Only coffee available in room which was fairly small but okay for us. Staff were very helpful.

Can't go wrong staying at Hilton. Staff are so friendly and helpful. Everything is close and walkable. Empire State Building is on the other side. Perfect location. Thanks for the awesome stag

Posizione perfetta per chi vuole andare alla scoperta della città.|La camera era spaziosa con una vista incredibile sulla strada sottostante. Non avevamo inclusa la colazione ma nella hall principale era disponibile un dispenser per caffè/the/acqua da poter prendere in qualsiasi momento.|Lo staff del front desk davvero gentilissimo. Speriamo di tornarci presto

Very nice service, great location and the room was clean and comfortable. The room was a bit dated and the coffee maker had no supplies when I arrived. But in general a nice spot.

Cet hôtel est propre, joli et super bien placé par contre, l'accueil du soir est une horreur, la joie de l'arrivée retombe à cause d'un homme qui n'a rien à faire à la réception,  Déplorable

Very good location. Clean rooms and nice breakfast

The breakfast service was poor.

Great stay at this location - midtown was the perfect location to be in NYC - center of all the happenings and not right in time square but a few blocks away - Macy is literally one block away from this hotel. The staff was very kind and accommodating, hotel was very clean and spacious, my room was absolutely great! They offering an amazing breakfast establishment on premises and it’s very convenient and extensive options and not pricey at all! The bar was closed most of the time during my stay - maybe they should incorporate an early happy hour..

Worst hotel ever! The guy in the front desk who works every morning is extremely rude and harasses clients. He tries to scam you and lies about everything. Never staying here again. Will be contacting head office regarding this matter and this specific employee. Disgusting behaviour, unprofessional and unethical conduct. Save yourself and stay at the hyatt. They actually give you a better experience if you want to visit new york. Never seen a worst hilton hotel in my life.

I choose Hilton brand pretty often while traveling and this was the worst place I stayed so far with them.
The only positive thing was great location and the fact that we could store our luggage after check out for a few hours (when we left for 4 days to FL we were charged 10usd per item to keep them in the hotel as we were coming back)
The room was small, the bathroom had a weird smell. The mattress was old and one side was lower than the other making it impossible for both of us to have a good sleep. We asked for the cleaning once and our sheets weren't changed although we stayed for 5 nights.
The air conditioner was so loud it was waking us up at night so we had to switch it off and wake up in the middle of the night to lower the temperature.
We got 1 small bottle of water at the check in  and no more water was provided (had to pay for it) - this is not the hilton standard I ever seen around the world
Breakfast was a waste of money (I initially booked via hhonnors and then rebooked as I was told we have no breakfast included although I was sure I chose this option but I may have made a mistake, if I knew how it looks like I would have never booked it with a 3rd party which also removed all the benefits and points gathering)
First of all, breakfast was limited to 4 items... including one hot item (waffles, sandwiches, pancakes, omelette), yoghurt, one drink and a fruit (apples covered in plastic, sometimes there were bananas but not every day) and it was all served on paper with plastic cutlery - again, this is not up to the standard I experienced anywhere else in the world.
I'm extremely disappointed and I will think twice before I book Hilton again.

I expected quality from Hilton, but I got a disappointment. In Europe, Hilton means quality, but here it's just an average motel.

Let’s start with the breakfast that you have to pay for: WARNING! For breakfast, you get 1 hot item (a sandwich, muffin, or waffle) and you can take 1 fruit, 1 yogurt, and 1 drink (juice or water). The staff counts this! I've never seen anything like it anywhere in the world. It's a failure and an embarrassment combined. DO NOT TAKE BREAKFAST HERE. It's not worth anything. The quality is poor, and the counting of one omelet or one piece of fruit is ridiculous.

As for the room, it's of average size. The bathroom is cramped and awkward. The shower door opens towards the toilet, making accidents likely. The mattress is old and uneven, which makes sleeping uncomfortable due to the lumps and dips. The bedding is dirty in several spots.

Regarding cleaning, it’s another embarrassing aspect. Upon checking in, we found hair in the shower, on the body wash, and in the toilet.

The reception staff varies; some are nice, while others treat guests like intruders.

I do not recommend this hotel.

Stayed for 8 nights with family, spoke with a very rude front desk person called Marlyn who: is unprofessional, has zero customer service skills, suffering from a memory issue (she thought we had the same conversation before, I never met her).
I simply asked about a charge on my card, she made up a story about how the Hotel will start taking money from the card in separate small amounts, obviously she doesn’t know what she’s talking about.
Told her that doesn’t make any sense, she stormed and interrupted me saying “I have an accent thats why maybe you can’t understand me” I’ll call my Manager.
The Manager ‘ Mercedes ‘ came in with the same attitude. I explained the issue and she acted surprised ( of course Marlyn didn’t explain the situation to her correctly), after waiting for 5 mins while she’s checking her data, Simply it was my security deposit.
asked for her name, she came closer to me and said in a challenging loud way “ MARLYN LIKE DARLYN!!” - Definitely has some anger management issues.
what a disappointing and disrespectful experience!

I stayed at this hotel  3 times in a row when I visited NY in the past 4 months. Every time the service were great until the last time I stayed, the front desk guy name Tony was extremely rude and racist. We got there a little early before the check in time, and he told us to wait for 30-40 min which we understand. After 40 min, we asked if our room was ready or not, he yelled at me and said “ I Told you 40 min”. I travelled everywhere 100 times a year and never seen any front desk so rude like this. While we were waiting for the room to be ready, we spilled some Coke on the floor and he told us to use a napkin to swipe the floor so I asked if the hotel did not have a house keeper to clean it? This is very professional. This property should consider to fire this guy ASAP before losing more business. I will be not giving them anymore business if this guy is still working there.

Horrible customer service. Front desk guy during the day is extremely unprofessional and rude. He wouldn’t say his name and he doesn’t wear a name tag. Rooms smelt like mold. Again dealing with this guy was a nightmare. The other staff members were pleasant.. do not stay here you would have to deal with this unprofessional behaviour.

Terrible service from their online booking system. Charging me 70% of the 2 day stay because the error was in the date which was requested to change within a minute of the booking! Please reconsider booking here!

I stayed here for a week for my birthday 7th - 14th sept.
All of the reception staff were friendly and very helpful.
Check in was simple and no waiting as previous people had stated.
We had to take our own luggage to our rooms, this may be a problem for some people. There was no offer of help but I assume if you ask they may oblige.
I had a double room with an amazing view on the 24th floor of the Empire State Building (I think it was Rm 2408).
The room was an ok size for NY. I would’ve loved a room that was a bit bigger but I assume you would have to pay a lot more for that.
The beds were very comfortable but my pillows kept dropping down the back of the headboard.

I was given a card & a little gift bag for my birthday - Thank you so much, it was greatly appreciated. These little touches mean a lot.

The shower was good and had great water pressure. Pls note that you should turn the shower head towards the wall before turning it on or it will freeze you.
The toilet is massive by UK standards😂

The ac made the room really cold. Excellent if it’s really hot. I was a bit chilly in the evenings & asked for a couple of blankets. At first I was given extra towels & then I was given the blankets that I asked for. Not really a problem just miscommunication.
There was a bit of noise, late at night & early in the morning but you’re in NY, suck it up!😊

House keeping came every day, if you didn’t need them to clean you just had to put a sign on the door.
In the mornings you had to wait a short time for the lifts as maintenance etc were also using the lifts.

I saw a little shop by the side of reception which I used on occasions but I didn’t realise & wasn’t told that they had a breakfast room. I saw it on the day I was leaving as it’s next to the luggage storage. I wish I had known it was there. I definitely would have used it. It looked really nice.
They also do a 1 hour complimentary late check out, if availability is good. Sadly, I wasn’t able to get it.
They organised a taxi when I was leaving. I was told that it was US85 but was charge US95. Not a big problem but prices should be accurate or explained if additional cost may apply.

To summarise- I love your hotel. It’s in a great location with great staff.
As soon as I’ve saved up enough, I will definitely stay with you again.
Thank you Hilton Garden Inn

Odalar küçük

位置方便、房間乾淨度ok、水溫/水量舒適、床偏軟、房內無瓶裝水、拖鞋、牙膏牙刷等備品

위치 넘 좋다 엠파이어 스테이트 빌딩도 근처고 센트럴파크도 근처고 지하철도 바로 옆이다
힐튼이지만 좀 오래되었다
객실은 2 베드했는데 아주 넓지는 않다
약간 캠핑간 느낌 ㅎㅎ
등 하나 나갔는데 전화하니 바로 와서 갈아줘서 친절
프런트도 친절하다
콘센트도 여기저기 많아 좋다
화장실 넓은데 바닥에 물이 좀 잘 고여서 좀 닦아줘야한다
헬스장은 24시간

그런데 세탁실이 있다고 알고 왔는데
세탁 서비스를 해주는 것이다.
당연 세탁 서비스는 비씨고
조금 가면 코인 세탁소가 있다고 친절히 알려준다.
전지렌지 쎄거다.
냉장고도 나쁘지 않다.
아 에어컨디셔너는 곰팡이 냄새나서 안 틀고 창문 열었다 9월 중순이라 오케이

Breakfast is an absolute joke. For the money you spend to stay. It's embarrassing.

Elegimos este hotel por la ubicación y los comentarios de TripAdvisor.  |Debemos decir que ha sido la mejor de las elecciones. |Paso a explicar por qué:|▪︎ Ubicación: subte  a 20 metros. |A 100 metros del Macy’s más grande de EEUU.|En la esquina está Herald square,  que es una placita preciosa, con mucha movida. |Desde la ventana de la habitación veíamos la imponente silueta del Empire State.  A 300 metros está el bellísimo Bryant Park. El hotel está entre las Av.5th y 6th y a pocos metros de Av Broadway,  que te lleva directo a Times Square.|Penn station a 300 metros.|En los alrededores hay supermercado e infinidad de lugares para comprar comida, ropa, souvenirs.||▪︎ Recepción: muy atentos y cordiales. Incluso algunos de ellos hablan español. |Nos asignaron la habitación ni bien llegamos, a las 9:30 a.m. Resolvieron rápimente un par de solicitudes que hicimos. ||▪︎ Habitación:  Amplia. Con buen espacio de guardado.  Linda decoración. T.v de gran tamaño.|Cama king y almohadas muy cómodas y con sábanas de excelente calidad. Teníamos horno microondas,  heladerita y máquina de hacer café ( todos los días nos dejaban 3 cápsulas de café y 1 de té, más potecitos de leche y sobres de crema en polvo).|El baño impecable. Amplio y luminoso. La ducha con muy buena presión de agua. Los amenities, espectaculares.||▪︎ Limpieza diaria, de 10. ||▪︎ Ascensores: grata sorpresa. Son 3, de gran tamaño y muy rápidos.  A pesar de ser un edificio de 31 pisos, en 11 días jamás esperamos más de 2 minutos en que llegara un ascensor.  |En nuestro piso había una máquina dispenser de hielo y agua. Detalles que suman.||▪︎ Conclusión: quedamos encantados, si algún día volvemos a New York, sin dudas nos hospedaremos en este mismo hotel.

Ho trascorso 8 notti in quest'albergo situato a ridosso dell'empire.|Stanza con vista spettacolare sul grattacielo e dotata di cabina doccia, decisamente buona considerando gli standard e i prezzi di manhattan, ottenuta in cambio di una più grande ma purtroppo rumorosa perché confinante con gli ascensori dell'hotel.|Un piccolo appunto sulla colazione inclusa: delude che la scelta sia limitata a uno tra caffè e succo di frutta e che non sia possibile prendere più di un dolcetto.|Comunque, segnalo la nota più positiva, cioè  l'eccellente servizio al front desk, in particolare dell'accogliente e cordiale  signorina Tameika che ci ha aiutato a recuperare oggetti smarriti lungo il viaggio (in collaborazione con la collega Mercedes), è stata rapidissima ed efficiente nell'organizzare il cambio di camera e nel prenotare il transfert per il JFK.|Ci ha salutato sorridente finché non siamo saliti in auto.|Complimenti e grazie di tutto!

Great location in Midtown, making it easy to explore the entire city by metro. Excellent value for the price! I had an amazing room on the 28th floor with a fantastic view of the Empire State Building. The staff were super friendly, and storing my luggage after checkout for a few hours was hassle-free. The only downside was the breakfast, which I didn’t enjoy.

Our stay was amazing! Personal shout out to Mercedes who greeted us at the front desk and did a fabulous job! Location 10/10. Size of room is what I would expect and room was very clean. The view was 11/10!!! Mercedes had already read our notes from when we booked the vacay that mentioned our honeymoon and she upgraded us to this spectacular view. I truly feel dollar for dollar this is the best value hotel you can get in Midtown. You can tell ALL the employees really care (rare these days). Couldn’t speak more highly of this place. Huge fan! Can’t wait to come back!

Pros:
- Great view from some rooms
- Clean
- Secure
- Good value for money

Cons:
- Outdated design
- Un-eatable breakfast (no breakfast is better than that)
- More amenities (e.g. pool or rooftop bar) would be great.

Fantastic location very convenient for subway access.   Walkable to a great many locations midtown as well.

Clean and comfortable hotel.  As expected for Hilton Garden Inn brand.  Nothing extravagant but consistent and good.

Met expectations: view, location, staff
Failed to meet expectations: breakfast, room quality, value for price.

Check in was quick and easy, and my room was adequate. 3 towels for 4 people? Why? Also why are there items from the last guest in the room? Idk 🤷‍♂️ no biggie. Half of the charging outlets didn’t work. Idk. They brought extra towels. 👍 but couldn’t repair or replace the lamps. Ok …

Breakfast is the same as you’d find at almost any chain, almost anywhere in the USA except it’s more controlled (you have to ask for each item behind the counter, and check out at the register with your tray) and you get charged more. It is what it is.

Ubicacion perfecta, justo al lado de parada de metro. |El personal es muy amable y atento.|Nuestra habitacion (1201) amplia y muy limpia.|Las camas muy cómodas|El desayuno abundante y delicioso.|||Sin duda lo recomendamos. Lo volveríamos a elegir.

Convenient location and great service!

It's a 3-star hotel. Service was great. Rooms had many stains on the walls. Bedding was slightly discolored and pilling.
Appreciated that there was a refrigerator and microwave in the room!!

Service and location are the highlights of this hotel.

New York’ta gidilebilecek her yere yürüme mesafesinde,temiz ve odaları kullanışlı olan bir otel. Her gün oda temizlendi ve düzenlendi. Metro durakları otele 2 dk yürüme mesafesinde. Odaların şehir manzarası çok iyi. Eksi yönleri; odalara 50 centlik bir terlik koymamışlar , girişteki ilk gün 2 şişe su verip geri kalan günlerde kendi suyunuzu kendiniz alıyorsunuz ve akşam yatmadan önce tv izleyecek olursanız tv smart değil.

Excelente ubicación.
Personal muy amable.
Nos encantó 🤩

My room was clean and modern, and a reasonable size for a NYC hotel. It was also very quiet and I heard little noise from outside or neighboring rooms. The staff were all very nice, too, and housekeeping came each day. The location is right in the middle of the action, next to Herald Square.

Prenotato questo albergo tramite Booking con la formula “cancellazione gratuita, paga in struttura”. Non ci sono stati problemi. La posizione era davvero ottima perché vicina a una delle tante fermate della metro. Vicinissimo all’ empire state building. Camere pulite con bagno privato. All’interno dell’hotel c’è un piccolo market ma noi non ne abbiamo mai usufruito per cui non so come siano i prezzi. La posizione è ottimo perché praticamente siamo al centro della città e, o a piedi o in metro, si possono raggiungere tutti i punti principali della città!!!

Breakfast was garbage. Bad and unhealthy. Ham and cheese pre-made with almost no ham. You have to choose one of each: sandwich, juice or coffee (yes,  coffee was not free and it was generic coffee)), a piece of fruit, and a small container of yogurt.

Posizione e pulizia della stanza giornaliera i suoi punti di forza.|Mi ha dato fastidio la richiesta di 100 $ a notte come cauzione nonostante avessimo saldato tutto e non averne trovato menzione in booking. Booking dovrebbe scriverlo nelle condizioni.  L'albergo è un po datato andrebbe ristrutturato.

If you plan to visit NY city with family, this location is the best!
Empire State Building view through window!
Located 5 mins walk from Timesquare, Empire State Building, Macy’s big shopping Mall and all the main attractions!

Stayed for 9 nights in this Herold square hotel for holiday. Practically perfect location. A stone's throw from the empire and central park. The 3-star hotel is of very good quality. I dare say even of a higher category. Being hilton honor gold they offered us a room with empire view on the 14th floor (around 20mq). Very spacious by NYC standards and with daily cleaning and towel change. We were very pleased with the ratio value/money. The breakfast is not the best given the little choice but still very good for the category.
Kindness and competence of the staff deserve a special note.

Très bon rapport qualité/prix, notre chambre avait une vue magnifique sur l’empire state building !! Très bien situé dans Manhattan, chambre très propre et le frigo + micro-ondes est très pratique pour manger dans la chambre et faire quelques économies pendant les vacances !

Es un servicio de primera, para descansar después de un día agitado conociendo NY

Ficamos no último andar. Apesar de pedirmos vista para o Empire Estates, não conseguimos. Chegamos cedo e deixamos as malas no hotel até a hora do check in. O quarto é grande para o padrão de Ny. As camas são ótimas, os travesseiros um pouco moles. O chuveiro é muito bom. O quarto tem uma cafeteira com cápsulas disponíveis, microondas e frigobar, o que nos possibilitou tomar café da manhã no quarto. Tem uma target pertinho do hotel onde dá pra comprar descartáveis. Tem tambem ferro e tábua de passar. A limpeza do quarto deixa a desejar e alguns dias tivemos que ligar para solicitar a limpeza. Tinha objetos de hóspedes anteriores atrás da cama. Os elevadores ficam lentos as vezes, mas nada demais. Nos permitiram sair às 14h no check out. A localização é excelente, tem uma estação de metrô a poucos metros e ótimos restaurantes ao redor. Enfim, gostamos bastante do hotel e voltaremos.

Très bon emplacement au pied d'une station de métro et de nombreuses boutiques et restaurants. Nous n'avons pas testés les petits déjeuners car il y a de nombreux Dinner à NY à tester.|En revanche, nous avons été déçus de la qualité de la chambre avec un système de ventilation EXTREMENT bruyant, une moquette qui baigne dans on jus et qui ne doit pas être souvent passée au shampooing et un service de nettoyage qui s'évertuait à nous mettre 3 serviettes alors que nous étions 4 -  donc obligés d'appeler tous les soirs pour demander une serviette supplémentaire. Pour le temps passé dans la chambre ça faisait l'affaire mais je recommande vivement d'emporter vos sandales pour ne pas marcher pieds nus sur la moquette....

La atención a la llegada fue increíblemente buena nos atendieron en recepción (frontal DESK ) súper bien especialmente Marlyn que al llegar se esforzó en darnos la mejor atención para ayudarnos con nuestras reservaciones muchas gracsis y felicitamos por su atención !

Visited New York from Houston for first time with my 3 kids this past weekend. When we first walked in the security guy didn't even say anything to us and looked at us weird. Maybe it was my Astros hat. Got keys for room and went up so we could all shower before venturing out. I saw only 3 towels, so i went down and asked for a few more. Guy wrote down room number and what i needed and said they would be up shortly. They never came. I used the small towel for myself. We left and ventured out and came back to no extra towels in room. I immediately called down and said i still needed extra towels. Lady said she would get them up. They never came up. So i showered again and used little towel again. I called a 3rd time and told them i was not gonna dry myself with a small towel again and i needed towels. They finally came after 3rd time asking on 1st day. Guy who brought them even had an attitude.  Regardless of that, i wpuld still stay again because of location and being familiar with the area.

Los desayunos súper equis

Loved our stay the the Hilton Garden Inn. My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights for our honeymoon. The staff was very generous and upgraded our room so that we had a really good view of the empire state building. The hotel was great, clean, and well located near Times Square and many metro stations. The staff at the front desk and throughout the hotel were very friendly. Would recommend to stay here if you want to explore Manhattan.

Das Hotel liegt sehr zentral in der 35th Straße. Was uns gut gefallen hat, dass die Metro Eingang direkt neben dem Hotel war, denn so war man richtig flexible. Ich kann nur jeden empfehlen New York mit der Metro zu nutzen, denn auf den Straßen ist nur Stop und Go angesagt. Das Hotel hatte 31 Stockwerke und wir hatten einen super Ausblick vom 11. Stock Richtung Empire State Building. Wir hatten 2 Kingsize Betten, einen Fernseher, einen Schreibtisch mit Stuhl,  eine Mikrowelle und einen kleinen Kühlschrank. Im Bad befanden sich Handtücher, ein Fön, Bodylotion, Shampoo etc.und eine Duschwanne. Für 3 Personen war es zwar etwas eng, aber man konnte sich trotzdem arrangieren, da es auch einen kleinen Wandschrank gab, wo man z.b. einen Handgepäckstrolley unter bekam. Direkt vor der Tür gab es eine Sitzgelegenheit, die wir aber nicht benutzt haben. Das einchecken ging zügig genauso wie das Auschecken. Das Personal war freundlich und Security gab es auch, da man vor dem Hotel auch immer mal Obdachlose beobachten konnte, die einen manchmal angesprochen haben. Es war ein sehr guter Aufenthalt und wir würden es wieder machen.

Das Hotel war auch super nett und hat uns sogar eine Bestellung, die wir schon 1 Woche vorher aufgegeben hatten, (die aber leider erst 2 Tage später im Hotel ankam) hinterher nach Deutschland geschickt. Natürlich mit Label, welches wir über UPS gemacht haben. Wir haben uns sehr gefreut, dass wir unsere Souvenirs dadurch noch bekommen haben. Vielen Dank dafür.

It’s a very good hotel. The location is perfect. Times Square and Empire State Building is nearby.

Rooms were really nice, clean and comfortable.

Staffs were helpful.

Loved our 5 night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn New York/west 35th Street in March 2024. Rooms were clean, modern and a decent size, and we had a great view of the Empire State building (we had paid just a little extra for this). There was a fridge and coffee/tea maker in the room and plenty of supplies. Staff were welcoming and helpful, and housekeeping was available. Great location, very near Macys and the Empire State, easily walkable to theatre district, Grand Central etc and to 230 Fifth Rooftop Bar, but also very near 34 St-Herald Sq subway station that takes you right there too, and gives easy access to downtown. I would not hesitate to stay here again!

This is my go-to when traveling to NYC for work.  The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating.  Khadesha was especially helpful and went out of her way to assist me while I was dealing with travel issues.  5/5 service and the rooms are always nice too.

Très bel hôtel, bien situé,  près de tout. À un coin de rue de l'Empire State building et du magasin Macy's. Time square se fait aussi très bien à pied. Nous avions une superbe vue sur l'Empire State building. Hôtel très propre et au goût du jour. Si je dois retourner à NY, je vais assurément réserver encore à cet endroit.

So disappointed in my stay, I have never had a bad experience until today. I took my soon out for a late night snack, we sat outside the hotel so he could eat only for the night staff a gentleman came flying out there staying no food. I saw the sign stating no smoking nothing posted about food, the next day I ask for the manager spoke with Daisy who stated she would find out why this happened just to not hear anything back nor a solution

Un Hotel maravilloso, tuve la mejor elección y el personal (los recepcionistas top) una maravilla. Muy centrico para todo definitivamente volveria pero esta vez con mi familia.🤩

מלון במיקום טוב מאוד .ביון השדרה החמישית לשישית רחוב 35 .15 דק הליכה לטייסם סקואר .לרוקפלר .לאמפייר בילדינד רחוב אחד לפני .סאבוואי 4 דק .הגעה מהשדה jfk  לקחת רכבת פנימית עד תחנה גאמאיקה .משלמים בגאמאיקה .ומשם להחליף לרכבת  לתחנת pin בערך 20 דק  נסיעה .לצאן מהתחנה רחוב לשדרה 7 וללכת לשדרה 6 .רחוב 35 לייד הראלד סקואר.חדרים גדולים ומרווחים .

I stayed 5-nights with my family, two kids ages 3 and 6 over the 4th of July holiday and thoroughly enjoyed this hotel. The rooms and facilities are just a tad dated but the service and location more than make up for it. I requested a room w 2 double beds on 27th floor w/ city views and it was amazing and worth the upcharge. As far as location goes, we could not have picked a better situated property if we tried. There’s a subway stop right outside the entrance and walking distance to just about anything. There’s also great variety of food trucks right outside and those were phenomenal. But i was most impressed by the service. Everyone we encountered was courteous, attentive and willing to help. I would gladly stay here again

We stayed here with 2 people for 7 nights. Nice clean rooms, friendly staff and the location is amazing! Very close to the metro station 34st-Herald Square, where many lines intersect. Good beds and airconditioning to make sure you have a good night sleep. Close to Times Square, Empire State, Bryant Park and many other sights!

Amazing location with everything around

ペンステーションからの徒歩圏内で探してここにしたのだが、ホテルの周りはあまり綺麗ではなく浮浪者なども。エッサベーグル、ターゲットが徒歩圏内は良かったけれどもう少しカフェとかある地区の方が良かった。
エンパイアステートビルビューで部屋は狭く、シャワーのみだったけれどまあこんなものかなという感じ。朝食はなし。
あとデジタルキーを選んだのでエレベーターにも入室にもデジテルキー立ち上げるのがめちゃ面倒だった(他の人は皆カードキー利用してたので次回からそうするつもり…

Excelente ubicación, acceso al metro, la atención de George Excelente, es una opción súper adecuada para tu viaje a la gran manzana!!

Si vous voulez visiter Manhattan, c’est l’emplacement idéal, bien desservi par les transports publics.
La propreté est impeccable, la literie, confortable, la salle de bain impeccable,
Les papiers peints de la chambre ont vécu…
Le personnel est aux petits soins, avec des conseils avisés.
Merci à Georges et ses collègues qui se reconnaîtront!
Si vous repartez par Newark le transfert à 95 USD est à recommander.

Great location, but with typical NYC room size limitations
The Hilton Garden Inn on West 35th Street boasts a superb location. It's right across from Macy's Herald Square and near multiple subway lines, making everything in NYC easily accessible. The hotel itself has a well-stocked shop in the reception area, which was a lifesaver for grabbing midnight snacks. The staff was friendly and helpful, providing everything I needed during my stay.
However, it's important to be aware that this is a mid-range hotel with typical New York City room limitations. The rooms are on the smaller side, which is common for the city. Additionally, while there is a microwave, there weren't any microwave-safe dishes available to heat up food. The HVAC unit also lacked a fan-only option, which made it chilly at times since I couldn't adjust it to just circulate air.
Overall, this hotel is a solid choice for budget-minded travelers who prioritize location and convenience over spacious accommodations and high-end amenities.

I spent 4 nights here, and I was extremely pleased. The room was clean. It was extraordinarily quiet. This is possibly the first time I’ve stayed in a room with a legit office chair. Not sure if it was a Herman Miller Aeron, but it was similar to one. Location is great for subway access. Highly recommended!

as Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street ist eine ausgezeichnete Wahl, wenn Sie New York City besuchen möchten. Die Unterkunft bietet Die Unterkunft bietet ein familienfreundliches Umfeld mit vielen Annehmlichkeiten für Reisende und überzeugt außerdem durch die ideale Kombination aus Preis-Leistung, Komfort und Bequemlichkeit.|ich empfehle es weiter

This was a great hotel in a nice spot.  It’s what you would expect and want, but not crazy nice or over the top. Everything was clean and service was quick, overall it had a nice feel to it for a weekend stay.  The location. Wasn’t right in the action, but less than a 10 minute walk from Times Square and 20 minutes from the theater district.

Unfortunately the air conditioner was broken in our room. The air would not stay on for more than a few minutes and the room was very warm. Requested a different room at 9 pm and the front desk staff insisted they send up maintenance instead. Was finally moved to another room which at least had working air but unfortunately was *right* next to the elevator. The bed was also extremely uncomfortable, you could feel the box springs. Was very disappointed with the service and room, would not recommend this hotel

I stayed here 3 weeks ago and I can assure you, I’m NEVER staying anywhere else. Kadisha and George was soooooooooooo helpful and patient with my situation , VERY CARING! They made sure I had the absolute BEST here at this location along with the other staffs. The rooms were SO CLEAN they’re always cleaning throughout the night and most of all it’s safe and near my FAV STORES H&M Targert and a lot more. The viewww is to die for! I sat in my room window and was just amazed! INCREDIBLE!! 10/10 and I will definitely be back

Peut faire mieux petit déjeuner très cher le prendre à l extérieur

Our first family trip to New York, the Hilton Garden Inn was close to everything we wanted to do, so walking was all we needed, Broadway, time square, Macy's, restaurants, parks. All within 10 min or less of a walk. Want to go to the statue of liberty,  Penn station is across the street.
Our room had a beautiful view of the city(the photos arw from our room window), our beds were comfy, water pressure for the shower, made me not want to get out. Front desk recommend Roma pizza right around the corner, it was so good we ate there for dinner most every night.
Only thing I want to point out, we were told at check out that the hotel had some cars our front who could take us to the air port for a set price. We used it instead of uber. (Uber was a little cheaper) we get to the air port and the driver charged us $20 more than what the hotel Said. When we asked they said "taxes for using a card".

Albergo in pieno centro, ad un passo dal Byant Park , non economico, ma perfetto :|-Stanza delle giuste dimensioni (fate attenzione a non capitare nei loculi da 11mq,|questa ne ha piu' del  doppio)|- Bagno comodo e ben accessoriato|- Pulizia al top|- Internet perfetto|- poche camere per piano , ne giova la silenziosità e comfort|Unico neo ,alla reception insistono per darti il servizio trasporto per l'aeroporto, arrivando a fare domande personali su quanto uno spende o altro, il chè l'ho trovato decisamente invadente.

Unser Aufenthalt im Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street war insgesamt gemischt. Während es einige Aspekte gab, die uns enttäuschten, gab es auch positive Seiten.||Der Check-in verlief schnell und unpersönlich, und auch im weiteren Verlauf unseres Aufenthalts war das Personal überwiegend neutral und zeigte wenig Engagement. Besonders enttäuschend war eine Erfahrung, die wir nach einem heftigen Regenschauer machten. Ich war mit meiner Frau und unserem kleinen Kind unterwegs, und wir kamen komplett durchnässt ins Hotel zurück. Als wir in den Aufzug stiegen, wurden wir von einem Mitarbeiter nur skeptisch angesehen. Statt uns ein Handtuch anzubieten oder irgendwie behilflich zu sein, ließ man uns klatschnass im hochklimatisierten Hotel stehen. Diese fehlende Aufmerksamkeit und Fürsorge empfanden wir als sehr unangenehm, zumal wir mit einem kleinen Kind unterwegs waren.||Außerdem bin ich vor dem Hotel auf dem rutschigen Boden gestürzt, was aber meine Schuld war, da ich wegen des Regens gerannt bin. Obwohl das Hotelpersonal nicht direkt verantwortlich war, hätte ich mir zumindest eine nachträgliche Nachfrage nach meinem Wohlbefinden gewünscht.||Dennoch gab es auch positive Aspekte während unseres Aufenthalts. Die Lage des Hotels ist hervorragend, mitten im Herzen von Manhattan und nur wenige Schritte von vielen Sehenswürdigkeiten entfernt. Das Zimmer war sauber und gut ausgestattet, was für eine angenehme Nachtruhe sorgte. Besonders praktisch fanden wir die Annehmlichkeiten wie den kleinen Kühlschrank und die Mikrowelle im Zimmer, die uns mit uns sehr zugute kamen. Da nur wenige Zimmer pro Etage sind, ist es auf dem Flur sehr ruhig, auch wenn man gelegentlich den Aufzug hört. Für New Yorker Hotels ist es jedoch angenehm ruhig.||**Tipp für andere Hotelgäste:**||Um euren Aufenthalt im Hilton Garden Inn New York/West 35th Street angenehmer zu gestalten, empfehle ich, bei schlechtem Wetter einen zusätzlichen Regenschirm und ein Handtuch dabei zu haben, da das Personal hier nicht immer proaktiv Hilfe anbietet. Nutzt die zentrale Lage des Hotels, um die nahegelegenen Attraktionen zu Fuß zu erkunden, und macht euch die praktischen Annehmlichkeiten im Zimmer zunutze.

I had a terrible stay at this hotel. The room was dirty and smelled like mold. The sheets had stains, and the bathroom wasn't cleaned properly.

Friendly staff. Room was clean. Service was prompt.

The staff is excellent. The location was perfect with great restaurants close by. The room had the best water pressure of any hotel I've ever stayed in. Would love to stay here again.

早上check in,有講廣東話女職員，特別親切明白我哋嘅需求，快速解決，地點一流，非常方便但房間設施較舊 ，但十分乾淨另外非常好得是房間內都有配置微波爐在附近超市Hmart會買到麵可以煮酒店自己樓下的便利店東西較貴，請留意

I recently stayed at this hotel, not for the first time, and I always find it to be a solid choice for travelers seeking convenience and quality service. The facilities are well-maintained and its location is excellent.

The service was very good. The staff was helpful and efficient, ensuring a smooth check-in and check-out process and were readily available to assist with any needs during my stay. Special thanks to Janis and Marlyn, who were really friendly and helpful.

The location of the hotel is another significant plus. Situated in the heart of Manhattan, it provides easy access to various tourist attractions, dining options, and public transportation, making it a great base for exploring the city.

I enjoyed my time here and would definitely recommend it!

Le camere sono molto pulite.
La posizione dell'hotel è centrale.

Hotel bem localizado, quartos grandes com 2 camas de casal, micro-ondas, frigobar, cofre e cafeteira(repõe cápsulas usadas).  Para melhorar, poderia haver pinduradores de casacos, pois o guarda-roupas é bem pequeno e tirar o carpete. Equipe quase toda simpática e dispostos ajudar. Guardam as malas antes do check in e depois do check out.
Não tomamos café da manhã no hotel. 35$ pessoas/dia achamos bem caro.
Não cobra taxa de resort fee.

Très bien situé
Chambre grande, un peu old fashion
Le petit déjeuner est lamentable  et le personnel qui sert le petit déjeuner n’est absolument pas aimable

Emplacement top. Grosse différence entre l'accueil de jour ou de nuit. Vraiment top la journée mais compliqué la nuit. Nous sommes arrivés à minuit fatigué du voyage et nous avons eu un accueil plus que glaciale. Les chambres sont correct mais commence à vieillir. il faudra penser à faire un rajeunissement et surtout penser à mieux les isoler (extérieur et interieur). Demander à être à un étage élevé  pour profiter d'une vue incroyable sur l'empire statère building.

Hôtel vieillissant et bruyant même avec une chambre au 18e étage. Manque énorme de communication avec le personnel. Vue sur la ville payée très chère pour une petite fenêtre donnant sur la 7e. Pas d’ordi à disposition lorsque nous en avons eu besoin. Son seul point fort : sa localisation au pied d’une entrée de métro et à côté de Bryant Park… ça fait trop peu pour une chambre à plus de 400€ la nuit…

Lugar especialmente bien ubicado para poder visitar Manhattan

I was there to meet a friend visiting from out of town. It's located at the 35th Street and 6th Ave exit at Herald Square MTA Station D train.

Très beau séjour dans cet hôtel qui est situé idéalement et est très bien desservi par les transports en commun.
Un grand merci à Janis qui nous accueilli chaleureusement et a été serviable et professionnelle pendant tout notre séjour. Notre chambre était très propre et fonctionnelle (micro onde, machine à café, frigo...) Au 16ème étage avec magnifique vue sur l'empire state building. Seul petit bémol, la climatisation que nous avons dû éteindre car trop bruyante.

Very clean rooms and comfortable bed.  Very quiet for NYC!  Close to everything.  Will return!

I liked this Hotel a lot! We stayed at this hotel in December 2023! The service and location was amazing. The room was tiny with 4 people in one room, but it’s NYC. We made it work though! Such beautiful views too! Highly recommend staying at the Hilton if it’s your first time in NYC! 🗽🚕⛴️🍎

Today’s Saturday May 16th 2026. Our check in was fantastic and the people at the desk were so wonderful and accommodating. The restaurant for dinner was great and the food was amazing.

My only problem was the breakfast experience which I ended up skipping because of what happened. I have a service dog and when I was seated and started to gather my breakfast items the manager embarrassed me. She came over and said they don’t serve dogs in the restaurant. I had even placed ourselves in a different section far from people to be respectful. My dog is clearly a service dog and had on his vest as well so she could see that. But nope. She came right over and loudly said we couldn’t sit there and they don’t allow dogs. When I explained he wasn’t a pet and was a service dog she looked irritated. At that point I no longer was hungry and was very embarrassed.

I’m a military veteran and I have my service dog for medical reasons. This was a humiliating experience for me and it ruined my day. As a manager she should know better. I hope someone from the hotel sees this and she’s trained on how to handle service dogs. For anyone else traveling to this hotel with a service dog just beware of the woman manager working breakfast.

Shout out to Betsy and Michaela at the front desk for making my stay a great one. Helpful and accommodating from checkin to departure. Great that they have a surface lot too for parking larger vehicles.

Everyone here is so nice! Steps away from food. Transportation, and much more. I will definitely stay here again if I get the chance!

This DoubleTree is a modern, well-located hotel in Downtown Jersey City, right on the waterfront across from Lower Manhattan. It’s a popular choice for travelers who want easy access to New York City without paying Manhattan prices. The hotel feels business-oriented but comfortable, with a clean, updated interior and a generally reliable Hilton standard. Guests often choose it for the combination of space, views, and transit convenience, especially because PATH trains and ferries into Manhattan are very close by.

Did not smell good, quite loud, and directly over the train tracks. It smelled heavily of cleaning supplies, but not in a nice way, and the way that burns your nose. The water in the shower is either burning, hot or cold, and unfortunately, the key system was down when I checked in, so I had to be let into my room by a staff member anytime I wanted to leave and come back

I will say that the staff was very nice though

Ho avuto la fortuna di pernottare in questo hotel, dal momento che sono arrivato fino a quando ho dovuto fare check out sono stato accolto col sorriso, professionalità e disponibilità. Vorrei ringraziare in particolar modo il team della reception, Michaela, Kale e Latoya ma lo stesso vorrei fare con Lassandra, la signora che si occupa delle colazioni. Stanze ampie e pulite, ottima posizione facile al Path, i miei migliori complimenti per la struttura e per tutto lo staff che ho incontrato! Spero di tornarci un giorno, complimenti davvero.

We really enjoyed our room, which I think all are set up in a suite style so affording much space.  Kale at the front desk helped us with finding the train station and all staff were so kind.  It was perfect for our purposes.

Me gusto mucho esta area de New Jersey, el hotel esta bien ubicado, con acceso cercano a transporte publico, habitaciones comodas y limpias. Ademas de tener su propio restaurante.

Our stay here was phenomenal! Very convenient to the PATH train to Manhattan as well as a mall nearby with stores for last minute purchases and familiar food for our kids. The rooms were spacious, clean, and perfect for our family of 5! On top of all that the staff was exceptional! We experienced an unfortunate flight disruption that shortened our stay by a day and the staff went above and beyond helping me get that missed day refunded despite using a 3rd party CC booking service (won't do that again). A big shout out to Nicole for stepping in and taking the time to help all while being friendly and patient!! You made our east coast experience top notch!!

The hotel's modern aesthetic is very pleasing, and the lobby area is a great place to relax. My room was impeccably clean with a very comfortable mattress that ensured a great night's sleep. The staff were attentive and always ready to help.

Expérience catastrophique, je ne recommande absolument pas. Nous sommes arrivés et avons attendu jusqu’à 17h30, notre chambre n’était pas prête après un long voyage difficile d’attendre avec les enfants. Par la suite le monsieur de l’accueil nous informe qu’il va nous donner une autre chambre moins luxueuse et beaucoup moins cher que celle que nous avons réservée. Il nous dit qu’il va nous donner 300$ pour la différence de prix. Il me demande ma carte de crédit et fait semblant de faire un dépôt de 300$ . Seulement à mon retour au Canada je me rends compte qu’il n’a jamais déposé 300$ à mon compte et une journée plus tard je me rends compte qu’ils m’ont prélevé 333$ de plus sur ma carte de crédit.. .. INCROYABLE POUR UN HÔTEL DE CE RANG … plusty jamais nous n’y remettrons les pieds….

Latoya and Janice were at the front desk for our stay. They were very helpful. We received the very best, top notch customer service.      Our room was clean when we arrived and cleaned everyday when we returned. We were given extra towels, Blankets and a roll away for our stay. We are pleased with all staff.

Excellent stay. Great location.

Sometimes you never know with Double Tree. Not this one. Room updated new. Location unbelievable next to Newport Mall and Path train to NYC. Coffee great. Restaurants ShopRite. Midtown Manhattan less than 15 minutes. Great Hotel near everything.

I really liked this hotel, the rooms were very clean, the service and hospitality from the whole hotel were excellent, also i liked the location, there’s a subway near the hotel so you can move anywhere you want, also I ate in the night and had breakfast and the food was delicious.
If you’re latin some people in the crew can understand some Spanish words and maybe that’s helpful.
I’ll be back as much as I can

I had an amazing check-in process with Latoya! Would definitely recommend this hotel.

It was an amazing experience! Me and my friend has the best time at the hotel and the city! All team members were great, but I have to mention Kale, Michaela and Latoya at the Front Desk! We will definitely will be back hopefully soon!

Very nice customer service. Really nice room

My visit to the DoubleTree in Jersey City was made memorable the moment I arrived by one of the kindest human beings I’ve ever met. I hope that anyone who spends the night here has the honor of being greeted by Kale. The reputation that DoubleTree holds speaks for itself, but having Kale on the team adds an immeasurable level of value. Lodging may be a commonplace experience, but when you’re welcomed with the warmth and kindness that Kale showed, it becomes something you remember for a lifetime.

Great hotel and value for being so close to NYC. Great distance to the PATH and the front desk staff were friendly, considerate and helpful. The rooms were clean and well stocked

There was a lady I spoke with on the phone before I booked because I had questions (I wish I remembered her name to put it on here, but don’t remember it) who was so nice. After speaking with her, that’s actually a big reason why I booked, because of how nice she was. After booking, I had some updates I needed for my booking and got the pleasure of speaking with Kale. After speaking with him, that was genuinely one of the best customer service experiences I’ve ever had in any capacity. He was so kind and went above and beyond in helping us for our upcoming trip. I definitely wanted to make sure it didn’t go unnoticed and hope one of his bosses sees this review and it makes a difference for him. Seriously, in all my life as a consumer, one of the most pleasant and positive interactions ever because of how great his customer service is and how kind he is. Thank you Kale!

Cet hôtel est magnifique! Nous avions réservé une suite pour une famille de 5 et tout était parfait. Le personnel du front desk trop sympathique!
Hôtel bien placé, à qlqs minutes seulement du métro PATH vers Manhattan. Beaucoup de restaurants à proximité ainsi qu’un grand centre d’achat. Pour un premier voyage à New-York et New-Jersey, c’était 10/10

Lovely staff. Kale was especially helpful. Nice area. Quieter than Manhattan but still close enough to take a short trip there.

Kel was amazing!! He took great care of us while we were there on a last minute booking during the blizzard. Thank you so much Kel!!
The rooms here are really nice and clean! This is one of the best Doubletrees I have stayed at!

The double tree at washington boulevard customer service is great and location is convenient.  The front desk name "Kale" was amazing. He was very professional and accommodating.  He saw my kids and asked for their ages to provide coloring activities.  He was able to provide all the amenities that we need. The only thing that I didn't like was the water in the shower was kind of cold. Other than that, everything else was amazing.

Mildred was SO NICE!!! Absolutely such a good experience checking in with her and the room was beautiful. Such a hard worker and so sweet.

Large rooms amazing location . Rooms newly redone. Views over looking Manhattan skyline . Great staff very clean. In the center of the action

Big rooms & amazing views of the city. Great staff & delicious cookie . Prime location

We had a great stay at the DoubleTree. We were in town for a Broadway show. This hotel is a quick walk to the Path train and a transfer to the subway uptown.
The room was a hotel room, comfortable beds, what you’d expect. But the staff was exceptional. Kale welcomed us Friday night, and remembered my name Saturday night. He was kind and made us feel important. This is the second time we’ve stayed here and will look to stay here again next time we’re going to the city!

Great employees very helpful!!!

Great large rooms. The Front desk receptionist was efficient and  jovial! I met my service maid, Edith and she was helpful and kind. The welcome cookies are great!

My son recently transferred to a prep school in Jersey City, and while I am here staff has made me feel at home. This will become my home away from home on weekends. Kale embodies hospitality, always friendly and making sure to exceed expectations. The guest rooms are great, beautiful views of NYC, plenty of parking, and quiet.

Me and wife love this hotel the rooms are very spacious and clean. Close to the path  train so it’s easy to get to and from the city. Special shout out to Kale from the front desk he was very welcoming and professional.

Our stay at the Jersey City Doubletree hotel was great, from check-in to checkout. The hotel was clean. The staff was friendly And housekeeping was top-notch, specifically Johanna. She made sure our room was sparkling and stocked. Highly recommended!

It was my first time to visit NJ. Staffs were helpful to help me to get to Manhattan. Location was very good to approach to the Newport. Xiomara genuinely assisted us when we asked to clean the room at unusual time; our room was skipped to be cleaned despite of no signs on door. Xiomara never showed uncomfortable and willing to help as with delight manner. We wanna stay here again if we back to NJ.

Extra clean and spacious 2 room suite. Lovely and friendly staff. I have stayed here a few times since 2002. But it has been years.  I was so glad to see that it is still open and a Hilton brand for this last minute stay. Will definitely return and totally recommend!

Excellent hotel to visit NYC! The staff is extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and kind; parking is $30/day in a covered garage; and the PATH to Manhattan is less than a 10 minute walk away. The neighborhood around the hotel is clean and feels safe. I'll be looking here first for my next trip.

Stayed here after the reservations I had in NY fell thru as hotel was not going to be Hilton anymore so this had availability.  The rooms are very spacious which was a plus.  My only complaint is that at check in we were not given the breakfast times and went down 5 minutes before 9am closing time, while we were seated and there was food in the line we felt the need to finish as soon as possible though the server was very polite.  The front desk staff was nice as well.  Hotel is close to the tram that takes you two stops over to the PATH train into World Trade Center.  So location is in fact great as well.

The hotel was conveniently located near the PATH Newport station, making it easy to explore New York City.  Everything was great except for the fact that the room didn't have a bathtub, even though I had requested a room with one.

Everything was seamless from booking to checkout

My niece and I traveled from Maryland to have a “Home Alone” Christmas and I’m over the moon for choosing this hotel. I was greeted with such a warm smile and personable spirit from Mildred. She did the best she could to ensure my niece could enjoy her first time in New York. Mildred is GREAT at what she does and I think a raise has her name on it in 2026. Thank you, we will be back!

Before coming to Hilton, we had a terrible stay at a vacation home. Had family and kids. With very less sleep we came in to the hotel in the morning but our check-in time was 4pm. Latoya was very friendly and she accommodated us to check-in early by providing different options that suits our family. Great experience, will be a frequent guest in Hilton wherever we go

I had a fantastic stay at this hotel and couldn’t be more impressed with the level of service. The rooms were comfortable, well-maintained, and the overall atmosphere made for a very enjoyable experience.

I especially want to recognise Latoya, who was absolutely outstanding. She was extremely helpful, professional, and genuinely caring throughout my stay. From the moment I arrived, she went out of her way to make sure everything was taken care of and that I felt welcome. Her attention to detail and positive attitude truly made a difference and elevated the entire experience.

I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely be staying here again.

Mikayla (with the blonde hair) at the front desk was by far the best service I have gotten at any Hilton so far! She had such a positive attitude and answered all our questions, very informative! Tabitha and Nicole were also amazing and such a great help!

After a long day in the city with small children, we returned to the hotel completely worn out. The moment we walked in, Kale greeted us with genuine kindness and a warm smile. Within seconds, we knew we had chosen the right hotel. What stood out most was how natural it all felt. Nothing was forced. Kale was clearly born for hospitality.

We spent only about five minutes in his presence, yet his service left a lasting impression. He retrieved our luggage that had been checked earlier and even helped me into my backpack, a small but thoughtful gesture that felt like something from a bygone era. He pressed the elevator button, held the door for our family, and throughout it all remained attentive to our children, making sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed.

He did so many small, thoughtful things that it is hard to remember them all. It genuinely felt like being in the presence of someone who embodies the very spirit of hospitality. His demeanor, awareness, and manners are not things that can be taught.

Kale is destined for great things in this industry. Please challenge him, support him, and when opportunities arise, consider him for advancement. It would not surprise us in the least if one day we splurge on a stay at the Waldorf and find Kale managing the property!

I only have the best experience every time I book at the Double Tree for my company. Karen Traina is the absolute BEST to work with and I highly recommend 10/10! Thank you!!

Denigrante, llegamos al check-in para nuestras 7 noches y nos dicen “que no existe nuestra reserva” habiendo reservado con 11 meses de antelación y recibiendo todos los mensajes con n° de reserva y dándonos la bienvenida. Debido a la gran diferencia de precio entre lo que reservamos y la fecha actual, nos quisieron cancelar la reserva (para su beneficio) echando la culpa a Booking. Tras larga espera y dura negociación por la situación dijeron que “justo” han recibido una cancelación de las mismas noches que habíamos reservado por lo que hicimos una nueva reserva con la chica de la recepción a un nombre diferente de la anterior. Resulta que tras el disgusto y tensión subimos a la habitación y en la pantalla de bienvenida estaba escrito el nombre de la PRIMERA reserva. Es totalmente inaceptable este tipo de actuaciones por conseguir mayor beneficio económico por encima de la integridad de las personas, obviando la situación y no dando ninguna solución por derivarnos a otro hotel de su cadena. Inaceptable e inadmisible.

Great location, very close to the Path train to get into NYC. Rooms were nice staff was great.
Kale and the night crew were awesome and helpful after a long day in NYC. Checked in and very Helpful!
Will return for sure

Rosa is an exceptional an employee. She went above and beyond by calling manger and the maintenance team to come fix my door key after a long days work. She just happened to be on floor doing her and she saw my frustration and came to help without me asking. She’s a great employee to keep. Good Job Rosa (House Keeping)

Great hotel and staff especially the front desk Tabitha and Mildred are extremely helpful. Highly recommend this hotel.

Great hotel and staff especially the front desk Tabitha and Mildred are extremely helpful. Highly recommend this hotel.

It was good to stay for the night close to the airport.

Went to the bar and had a great night. Cat the bartender made the night even better. I highly recommend

Latoya was welcoming and very helpful checking us in! The room was clean and accommodating. The location is a quick subway train away from Manhattan and tucked away in a quiet area. We were too tired to explore Jersey City after walking all day in the Big Apple, but would definitely stay here again!

Latoya and Kale are the best.

Great time spent at this hotel. The bar was great especially the bartender Cats. Will  definitely be staying here again.

Got in and stopped for a drink at the bar, bartender Cat was great and gave us quick and great service and was awesome to talk to while we finished our drinks. Very much recommend stopping in if she is working.

The DoubleTree Hudson’s bar should charge admission just to talk to this bartender! Outgoing? Absolutely. Gregarious? Off the charts. Charismatic? Heaps— that’s Cat!!!

Came down for dinner, stayed for the banter & laughs and Cat—tertainment!  New Year’s resolution sip and socialize with Cat in 2026!

Great location, lovely room, Janice was very helpful.

Phòng rất ổn

Thank you. Good place to stay in Newport. Quick path train to NYC WTC across the street. Thank you Janice for your service at the front desk.

Love the hotel! Very nice and roomy for families.

Excelente atención y comodidad, la housekee per Edith Girón realizó un excelente trabajo en su servicio 10/10 felicidades

There is poor clothing storage and closest are small . tables in the room are not necessary they just take up room in the room. Service is great !

I’ve stayed here twice this year and both times, the receptionist Mildred has made a lasting impression on me. She was so kind and warm even on a graveyard shift. I see the way she talks to other staff members as well and she’s always kind. Whenever she is at the desk, she turns everyone’s frowns into smiles. She is such a light and this hotel is so lucky to have her.

Muy buena atención por parte del staff del hotel Edith , amable y eficiente con su trabajo en los cuartos

We stayed at the Doubletree recently for a trip to NYC. It was a great location, the rooms were great and the staff were even better!  I actually left a bunch of cash, my passport and credit cards in the room and they contacted me immediately and overnighted them all to me the next day.  Thank you Jennifer for your help!

Stayed there only one night with my family before Thanksgiving. The suite was beautiful and very comfortable. The bed was amazing and the beat after a long travel day. The customer service was excellent at the front desk. The 2 ladies at the front desk (Latoya and someone else) were great. The facilities guy also brought out a bag we forgot too!! Lifesaver! The shower water pressure was great, maybe a lil too strong?  Loved the gym and the night light inside bathroom. The room did have a lil funny smell I didn’t love and I wish the bathroom had a few simple toiletries but otherwise it was a great stay.

Great hotel! Clean rooms, friendly staff, and perfect location. Had a wonderful stay.

Cat took great care of me on slow night (that’s as hard as a busy one). The rooms are older and it’s a tough part of the metro area. Hard place to make it work.

Great service from Latoya and staff, throughout our stay!

I LOVED my experience here. The staff is amazing and so accommodating. Latoya in particular went out of her way to give me an earlier check in and was very kind.

The hotel itself is also very clean, rooms are spacious and cozy, and is in a great location right by the water overlooking NYC.

Highly recommend!

Seamless check-in with Latoya, very friendly and top class service. Was a friendly welcome and anticipated common questions. Was able to accommodate us checking in a few hours early. Rooms were nice and clean and even had a nice welcome sign going on the TVs

great

It was great staying here. Latoya and Besty are very pleasant and accommodating.

I am a regular here and have been staying at double tree Jersey City couple of times per month for over a year. It’s a great place to stay if you want the best of Jersey City as well as Manhattan. It is right across from Hudson with some great views of the skyline from the suites. This is an all suit hotel with a separate sitting and a bedroom area. I always stay at the skyline view corner suite. Their service and staff is always great. Special shoutout to Latoya as she is always nice and welcoming and tries to find me a room even when I am early. One of the reason I chose to stay at double tree is because of the staff, including reception and guest services. Most of the front desk staff know me by name so thanks to everyone. Highly recommended!

This place blew me away.  The overall beauty of this hotel isn't just about its location and proximity to NYC.  It is mostly about the quality of service received from the staff and the quality of the rooms. Tabitha really blew me away with how she handled multiple guests' needs simultaneously with speed/efficiency, but also with care and hospitality. I've stayed at a lot of hotels and I swear she was the best receptionist I've ever seen. Blew me away.

Milderd was extremely helpful, very friendly, and incredibly accommodating. This is honestly one of the best hotels I’ve stayed at overall. The customer service here is amazing. I’d rate it 10/10 and highly recommend it to anyone visiting this area

Just stayed 5 nights here with Hilton points and it was amazing. We were here for NYC and it was an easy PATH train ride into the city. We LOVED the walk back from the Newport station to the hotel each night. It was about 5 minutes, but beautiful views and just quiet and peaceful after leaving the craziness of the city. The staff was AMAZING! From front desk to house keeping to restaurant…all of them were so helpful and kind.

I used to live in downtown JC and I come back to manage my condo and see friends a few weekends times a yr. We tend to stay in a hotel since everyone's apartments are tiny and this is my go to. I mostly use Hilton points so can't speak for value, but they are friendly, easy to drive to, parking on site and usually let me check in early. Close to the path stops also. Shout out to Latoya at the front desk who was very helpful and friendly this morning!

Latoya was pleasant helpful and professional.

I had a great check-in experience thanks to LaToya at the front desk.
She was very friendly, patient, and professional — making the whole process quick and pleasant after a long trip.
Her warm smile and helpful attitude gave a great first impression of the hotel.
It’s always nice to meet someone who truly enjoys helping guests.
Thank you, LaToya, for starting my stay on such a positive note!

This hotel seriously has it all — a gym, an in-house restaurant & bar, a mini market, and even an ATM! It’s right in the heart of the city, surrounded by cute shops and great restaurants, plus it’s super close to Hoboken and Newport.

I stayed in their premium suite for 4 days, and it honestly felt like a cozy studio apartment. The price usually ranges between $300–$400 per night depending on when you book. The room came with a comfy sofa, a huge study table, two TVs, and one of the most comfortable beds I’ve ever slept on! They have a huge parking, common washroom, water fountain and they allowed me to keep my luggage prior to check-in also front desk is very helpful. At a 5 minutes walking distance there is a Light Rail station - Harsimus Cove.

Was in a car accident on my way to the hotel and they did not refund

I recently stayed at the DoubleTree Jersey City with our 15-month-old daughter, and I would like to give special recognition to Tabitha Escobar, Front Office Supervisor.

Traveling with a small child can sometimes be challenging, but Tabitha made everything feel easy and comfortable from the moment we arrived. She welcomed us warmly, helped us find a room that was quiet and perfect for our situation, and made sure we had everything we needed during our stay. Her kindness, patience, and genuine care made a huge difference for us.

What stood out the most was how attentive and thoughtful she was. She didn’t just complete the check-in — she truly took care of us. As a mother, that meant a lot to me.

To Hotel Management:
Tabitha is a remarkable asset to your team.
Her calm professionalism, leadership qualities, and dedication to the guest experience reflect the highest standards of hospitality. She deserves recognition — and continued opportunities to grow.

Thank you, Tabitha, for making our stay so special.
We look forward to coming back.

— Fatima Sarih
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

I recently stayed at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Jersey City during a SAS crew layover, and this time my wife and our 15-month-old daughter joined me — it was their very first time visiting New York. That made this stay special for us, and I truly want to recognize the exceptional hospitality we received from Latoya and Janice at the Front Desk.

From the moment we arrived, both of them greeted us with genuine warmth, kindness, and professionalism. Traveling with a young child can be challenging, but Latoya and Janice made everything feel easy and comfortable — from arranging our baby crib and helping ensure our room was perfect, to simply checking in with us in a thoughtful and caring way.

Their attention to detail, patience, and positive energy created a welcoming atmosphere that made us feel truly cared for. This wasn’t just good service — it was heartfelt service, and it made a meaningful difference to our stay.

To Management:
Latoya and Janice represent the very best of Guest Services. They carry the hotel’s reputation with dignity, empathy, and true hospitality. Their work should be recognized and valued — they are a strong asset to this property and to the Hilton brand.

This is exactly why I will continue choosing this hotel, and why I will recommend it to colleagues and friends.

Thank you once again for making our stay memorable. 🙏✨
— Younes Bichri, SAS Crew ✈️

Accidentally booked the wrong date, a day ahead of my planned visit to NYC, with this hotel and immediately after booking, literally within minutes, contacted the hotel directly to explain the typo in booking. They refused to modify the reservation or give credit/refund so that I could just book again for the following day. I was prepared to pay the difference if the rate was different for the next day but they would not accommodate in any way. It was literally a one day difference and again a mistake in booking. Unwilling to help in such a situation goes to show their terrible business practices! I was charged over $300 for a stay I never checked into. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL, FIND A BETTER HOTEL! BUYER BEWARE!!

I was in the NJC area, from Raleigh, NC, to get a much-needed surgery from one of the world's best Endometriosis surgeons. This hotel was recommended by her medical office team/manager.

Nicole at the bar is top notch!
👌 Cocktails
👌 Service
👌 Food & Restaurant Recommendations

Housekeeping was👌
🧹 The rooms were very clean!
The beds were perfectly made, the curtains beautifully pulled back, and the towels folded and displayed.

🚫 I'm very allergic to air fresheners and sprays; thankfully, they don’t fog the lobby, halls, or rooms with artificial scents or use strong smelling cleaners.

The view was spectacular 😍 that I didn’t even want to share the room number with the world. I need it to be available when I want to request it again. It overlooked the Hudson and had unobstructed views of NYC/Manhattan. Our photos looked AI generated, but they weren’t altered at all. We felt blessed 🙌 to have found the perfect spot for my surgery pre-op and post-op recovery.

🥞🍔🍝The hotel food was very good for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Everything was made fresh when ordered: French toast, chicken and waffles, burgers, wings, pastas, etc. The servers were very attentive and professional. I learned the chefs create the menu and food!

The front desk crew was helpful; they went out of their way to make all kinds of accommodations for us to ensure we were comfortable and had everything we needed. Never once did I feel like I was a burden to them.

Forever grateful 🙏 to the hotel’s staff and management for making our stay one less thing to worry about while going through this big and scary surgery.

All of the staff at DoubleTree Jersey City were excellent but Kale was an exceptional!  Kale was very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful.  A master a customer service!  Thank you Kale!

Latoya was amazing in her service and kind enough to keep all my packages in one bag to carry. The staff is friendly and accommodating to make the experience even better. Rooms were great and location was quite central not far from the airport.

Very good hotel and staff.
Mildred has been very hardworking person and best customer service.

Just stopped for a couple drinks with friends. Nicole the bartender was amazing! Made my cocktails perfectly and very nice. Will return again!

Great customer service provide by Kale at the front desk. He always greet me wirh a smile me he IS Happy to help me with any issues.

5 stars is not enough when rating the service at this hotel . Latoya at the front desk went above and beyond . We asked her for help with three separate things .. she was accommodating, kind and professional. They are lucky to have her as an employee. We will definitely stay here again .

Shower didn't work. I took a video because I'm sure that shower wasn't working well before we were given the room. Parking garage is horrendous but not reason for 2 stars.  Standard if your check in is at 4 then check out should be 12. I have experience with either 3p-11a or 4p-12p. Definitely could have went to Westin like I did before

Thank you Latoya for all the help with giving me right directions to find my route easily. You were always friendly and welcoming.

I absolutely enjoyed my stay even though it was only for one night. Everyone I spoke to at the front desk were super nice and super helpful, especially Ms.Latoya!

The staff are really friendly, we always enjoy our stay here.

Spacious rooms amidst a popular section of Jersey City 🏙️ and pleasant walk to Newport.  Hard to find hotels with a sofa living space with another bed room like area as the normal rooms offered. Maintenance was very prompt when requested. Quiet but the light rail could be heard based on room.

Fitness center had peloton but other machines slightly dated.

Front desk service is sufficient, but can seem understaffed. Also bathroom fixtures may seem past their time such as the bathtub glaze.

Rooms are large and airy. Nice to have a separate sitting area to the bedroom.
Location is great; close to the Newport Path to take you into Manhattan and well placed in Jersey City to be able to walk anywhere.

Best part is the staff. The amazing staff on Reception are so welcoming, gracious and helpful. And the Housekeeping and Engineering Staff always greet you with a smile and will even call the lift for you as you are walking towards it if they are close by. Little touches that are noticeable and appreciated.

Always nice to come back here. A good choice at a great price point.
Only small issue is the rooms on the lower floor at the back can be disturbed by the Tram bells but it’s a minor inconvenience.

Unbelievably wonderful property with spectacular views! The well built classic hotel has a modern twist on a vintage property. The front desk staff made me feel like a VIP guest and as though I was coming home. Juan Espinal greeted me with a huge smile and ensured that my prior requests were in place for my stay. He offered me the DoubleTree signature fresh hot cookie upon checkin. Each time I passed through the lobby he asked if I needed anything and was both attentive and professional. Janice Plamero was another incredibly friendly front desk agent who is equally friendly and also an asset to the Hilton property. A’Quanda Hasan, food and beverage manager at the hotel’s restaurant (Hudson Grille) did an absolutely phenomenal job of bartending, serving tables and managing the restaurant.

The lobby is beautiful and ascetically pleasing, and the bathrooms are clean and well maintained.

BREATHTAKING VIEWS OF MANHATTAN FROM GUEST ROOMS!!! No need to watch television when you can watch the lights of the New York skyline sparkle from your room! My corner room on the 9th floor provided a 180 degree view of the Manhattan and Jersey City skylines! The rooms are extremely clean and very spacious. The front desk staff promptly answered questions and took care of all my requests during my stay.

Front Office Manager Nicole Herron assisted me with checking out and bid me well with happiness and sincere courtesy.

I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PROPERTY AND WILL VISIT AGAIN SOON!

Very expensive

Location, Room Size and Cleanliness are what earns this hotel a 3 star review. Heres where it lacks:
Nearly all hotels give complimentary water- they charge $3. Mattresses are worn out. Staff seems overworked. Robotic, and emotionless- infact borderline annoyed reception staff during the golden hour shift- made my family and i feel downright unwelcome. Other then that yeah the essentials were fine, will i stay here again? Nope. Does it build loyalty. Nope.

Excellent service, convenient location, huge rooms for New York area, no pool

Amazing front desk staff. Friendly and helpful made me feel at home.

Juan and Janice i had the pleasure of dealing with this two wonderful people. They went above and beyond great service. The entire building smells amazing very clean room. But the service is A1 this team is on top they make you feel very well taken cared of.

Bardzo dobry hotel! polecam

We used them for a hotel block for our wedding & were very happy with them.

I thoroughly enjoyed my overnight stay here thanks to Juan who gave me a terrific room and helped me with my bags the next day and their generosity with those out of this world awesome cookies! Juan really was very nice, helpful and professional. It was the smoothest checkin I’ve had since being in the NE.
I appreciate the abundant, convenient parking although very expensive. But hey, it’s the price I must get used to paying for having a car here.
The only reason for 4stars is the AC vent screens were beyond filthy! Some of the worst I’ve seen in the living room AC and the BR one blows right at the bed so when I kept sneezing I remembered to check them. The one was so black I wonder if it was mold and my tub was dirty with its grime after I washed it. Hotels are notorious for this problem but honestly, for the caliber and price of this hotel I’m shocked by how bad it was. These are a serious health hazard and should be cleaned monthly or at minimum quarterly. Frankly I’m surprised health inspections aren’t performed after the whole covid debacle.
Lastly, the coffee was brutal in the very expensive restaurant. Room coffee probably better.
I would def stay again though as it’s a nicer Hilton but not on the train side! Thankfully I didn’t have to thanks to the wonderful Juan who hooked me up last minute.

Nice hotel

So…. I didn’t actually stay here but hear me out. My daughter and I drove 27 hours from texas. We were set to stay at a nearby hotel who told us we would have no problem parking a u-haul. Turns out said lot did not allow us to park and said hotel did nothing to help. We ended up at double tree where one of the ladies working at the service desk let us park, called our hotel to make sure we were not booked as no-shows, and then ordered a Lyft for us. I was blown away. I simply do not see service like that and to prove that point, when we arrived at our hotel the guys said, “oh you found parking?”

So, with that said, double tree is the place to stay. Service beyond belief. When I go back to visit, I will be staying with double tree.

I just want to say that the lady Mildred that has been here for ever is one of the best front desk people I/we have ever dealt with. She deserves a lot of accolades. Very friendly, accommodating and outgoing.

This is the best Doubletree location I have stayed at, traveling can be stressful but knowing the wonderful accommodations awaiting me at this hotel makes it easier. Tabitha is always kind and happy to help with any issues I may have. And the cookies are a plus too!

Stayed here with my girlfriend and it was one of the better hotel experiences I have had! The hotel is in a great location. We weren’t familiar with the area and Tabitha had great recommendations for day time activities as well as restaurants. It is a great hotel when the staff goes the extra mile to make the trip memorable beyond the time at the hotel.

Being a frequent guest at the double tree I can say it’s always a wonderful experience. The staff is always attentive each and everytime we stay at the hotel. Special thank you to Tabitha at the front desk for always going out of her way making sure our stay is enjoyable.

The check in process was extremely smooth because I was being helped by Tabitha at the front desk. She was very polite, patient, and even gave me restaurant recommendations around the area! I would stay here again just for the amazing service!

餐廳服務和餐點分數超高分100👏🏻👏🏻
只是有抵達週邊購買的小牌手套.
遺失還沒檢查有其它什麼物品不見.
有給一張小小單字.
可能製造麻煩評分有點低.
🕶❤️🛫👍🏻

AC very loud when turned on. Otherwize very nice

Outstanding room, outstanding service. Clean, comfortable and beautiful views. Everyone was gracious and helpful. We would stay again, and as someone who stays in dozens of hotel rooms a year, that says a lot! Latoya was helpful and took great care of us - she was a stand out - but everyone was terrific.

Had a very good stay at this Doubletree.  Room was spacious and very clean.  Great bathroom space and shower!
The only draw back to this hotel is the restaurant.  A cup of take out coffee is $7!  Buffet and ala carte options very pricey.  We went to the neighboring Westin for coffee and breakfast each morning.  Many more options and much cheaper.  The restaurant has great potential, but not at these prices or menu.

I’m airline crew and we stay here regularly. The staff really is amazing, super sweet and caring.
The rooms are big. I don’t always have a room with a Manhattan view but I’d defiantly pay extra for that if I could.
Getting into Manhattan is easy- a short walk to the PATH train and one stop to vibrant West Village (one of my favourite areas in Manhattan).

We somehow lucked into this Doubletree when we visited NYC for a quick weekend getaway. The rooms are updated and very spacious for NYC standards and the hotel is less than 5 miles from Times Square and the West Village and even closer to SoHo. Jersey City is literally right over the Lincoln Tunnel. The front desk staff are very friendly and helpful and there’s parking right on site for only $35 per night. I can’t recommend this doubletree anymore!

Mostly my goto place, good parking space, clean room, walkable distance to metro(I don't like driving to city) in 15 mins.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We had a disappointing experience with Melissa at the front desk when we requested an early check-in for an additional room — especially considering we were already staying at the hotel. I had extended our existing room for another night due to my wife’s health issues and asked if we could check into the second room early. Despite acknowledging that no one was currently in the room, Melissa initially refused our request without a clear reason.

When I pointed out the inconsistencies in her statements, she finally expedited the process. At one point, she falsely claimed the room was occupied by another guest with an extended stay, only to later admit it was unoccupied. Her attitude was dismissive and lacked empathy, which was especially frustrating given our situation.

While the rest of the staff has been courteous and helpful, Melissa’s behavior was unprofessional and does not reflect the level of service we expect from Hilton. I hope steps are taken to ensure better training in customer service and communication going forward.

Definitely not a Gold elite member experience even with booking the highest category room they have. A couple of the front desk people are nice but there is one who almost yells at you.
Rooms are ok … bathrooms needs major renovation, they don’t replenish tea in the room, stingy with water for Gold members … etc
If you’re looking for some nice treatment don’t do this, it could be a functional location for a night or so!

Stayed here for 2 nights. Room was spacious and overall nice. However, the tub was old and it definitely needs a reno to match the rest of the modern theme. Also, there were outlets but no usb cable slots. Located in a great spot in JC. Overall, decent place to stay.

I stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Jersey City for five days, and it was such a great trip! I got to the hotel pretty late, but the lady at the front desk was super friendly and welcoming, which made me feel right at home. She was so nice, and it really helped me unwind after a long day. The view from my room was amazing—I could see the sunrise, and I even took a time-lapse video to capture the whole thing. Plus, the room itself was really spacious and comfortable. Overall, it was a really memorable stay.

S pobytom sme boli v zásade spokojní.
Cena mi príde vzhľadom na vybavenie vysoká, ale v rámci danej lokality nie je veľmi na výber.
Personál bol milý a nápomocný, privítanie OK.
Izby sú jednoduchšie, ale je v nich v zásade všetko potrebné.
Hotel má dobrú polohu, mali sme výhľad na NY,  na nábrežie rieky je to iba cez cestu, pešia dostupnosť metra.
Z pohľadu bezpečnosti - niekoľko krát som sa bol sám prejsť po nábreží (cca 2 hodinové vychádzky na oba smery z ktorých som sa vracal vždy až po polnoci).
Milou (a veľmi chutnou :-) ) pozornosťou sú ich keksíky :-)
Stravovali sme sa mimo hotel, navštívili sme iba bar.
Jediná vec na ktorú si treba dať pozor, ako už bolo spomenuté vo viacerých recenziách - po odchode mi bola stiahnutá z karty útrata ktorá prevyšovala našu reálnu konzumáciu na bare, ale priznám sa už som to neriešil (neskúmal som čo a prečo tam bolo zahrnuté ani som to nereklamoval).
Čo mne osobne vadilo najviac bolo nemožnosť vypnúť klímu a vetrať normálne.
Veľmi užitočnou službou je možnosť odložiť si bezplatne v hoteli batožinu aj po check out.
Zosumarizované, ubytovanie by som odporučil a nemal by som problém sa sem vrátiť.

Nice hotel. Lots of food choices nearby. I stay there a lot for work. All front desk people are great. Back office super. Restaurant breakfast guy is a jerk. If you wait long enough he will get off his phone long enough to be rude. Happened twice. Done with breakfast. The restaurant staff at night are great

We recently stayed at the Hilton DoubleTree with a wedding group and encountered an unexpected technical issue that required all guests to be relocated. Despite the challenges, the staff—especially Jessica Rodriguez, Genesis Capellan Genao, and Kim at the front desk—handled the situation with professionalism, efficiency, and care. They quickly facilitated our transfer to the Hilton Canopy, ensuring a seamless transition and minimizing the disruption to our plans.

As a travel advisor, I truly appreciate the proactive approach and consideration they demonstrated—not only for our party but for all affected guests. Managing such a complex situation while keeping operations running smoothly was no easy feat, and their dedication deserves recognition. Thank you to the team for your hard work and commitment to guest satisfaction!

Stayed here for a friend's wedding. There were water issues outside of the hotel's control but I just want to give major kudos to the staff who handled it with professionalism. They were courteous and responsive throughout our stay.

When my friend visits from Alabama every other month we usually stay here. He always gets gorgeous rooms with views of NY city. We usually take a walk on the riverfront - if it's nice and go to Hudson & Co bar and grill. Sometimes we stay in and drink at the bar. There is a great bartender girl that always works on the weekends when we are there.

My GPS always gets me lost going here I usually drive by it a few times before I find the hotels driveway. There is a multi-story parking garage it's free for hotel guests.

I stayed this weekend for the Superbowl. We watched it in the bar. It was nice there were some people but it wasn't too crowded like a sports bar would be.

Friendly staff, nice bar area, clean rooms, and on-site parking.  Located a few blocks from the Holland Tunnel and a very quick trip to lower Manhattan.

Close to a large variety of restaurants and coffee shops.

Everything is needed for a quick business trip.

Positive: Rooms available for the number of people Negative: Had to ask staff multiple times when we needed something

Positive: "" Negative: ""

So much more room than the Doubletree on 51st next to Rockefeller Center! Doubletree suites is the way to go, especially if you’re Hilton club! You can walk to many wonderful restaurants, and the mall is right behind us for shopping!

I recently made a reservation directly with the hotel and spoke with Austin (manager), who was incredibly accommodating. I was booking a room for my parents, who hadn’t visited the area in over 30 years, and I specifically wanted a room with NYC views. Austin took the time to discuss room features in detail and made sure everything met our expectations. He also kindly allowed me to check in early at 9 AM.

The food and bar on-site are both solid, offering quality options. The concession area is a bit pricey—$10.00 for a Smartwater, for example—but the Hilton Honors Food & Beverage credit ($15.00 per person, for up to two guests) easily offset those costs.

The NYC skyline views from the 14th floor were absolutely stunning, especially on a clear day!

Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. It’s a great alternative to staying in New York City itself—offering much more affordable rates, safe and convenient self-parking, and excellent service.

Positive: Front desk staff were extremely friendly and welcoming. They went out of their way to accommodate me as I had an injury. Negative: ""

Rooms are large, clean & modern.  I was there on a saturday night, and it was very quiet. Parking is across the walkway but not too far, cost is $35. Perfect location close to Holland Tunnel to NY. Staff was friendly & accomidating. There is a mall down the street & train close by. I'd definitely stay there again.

מלון נהדר, מרחק הליכה של 4 דקות מתחנת Path ישירות למנהטן(תוך 10 דקות). בעיני פתרון מצוין למי שרוצה להנות ממנהטן ביום אבל לישון במיקום נעים בלילה. מומלץ ביותר!

Personal opinion:  Good hotel but the breakfast wasn't worth the money and hotels shouldn't be cashless businesses.

It was actually incredibly easy to get to this hotel, considering the location.  The parking is a little confusing and strange and our room was great.  My biggest complaint was that this place is cash free - I only had cash on me.

We recently held our wedding welcome reception and had a wedding block at Doubletree Inn Jersey Suites. Our experience with the service staff top notch. Not only was the food delicious (we did large trays of chicken wings, tenders, rice, pasta, and other appetizers), but also the drinks were well made and extremely generous. Johnny is a great server and the woman who manages the kitchen staff and events was phenomenal (her name begins with an “A”); they were thoughtful, always asked if we needed anything, and helped us decorate. We worked with Jessica and Genesis on the room bookings and welcome reception, and they were organized and provided a great tour before we signed on. The service at Doubletree was far better than some more expensive hotels in the area. The rooms were modern, affordable, and our guests enjoyed staying there. We also got a complimentary shuttle for our wedding guests and they handed out our welcome bags too. Thanks again Doubletree for a great experience!

nothing there is what they offer. They said there would be a pool and free breakfast and there wasn’t

I can’t say enough great things about this hotel. Our wedding reception was here over the weekend and everything went smoothly. The staff here were extremely attentive and made the event feel one of a kind. Tabitha, who works at the front desk, is awesome! She’s polite, accommodating, and her attention to detail is on point. The DoubleTree knew what they were doing when they hired her. I would certainly come here again! 10/10

The young asian girl at the reception is rude. If you ask her anything she acts annoyed. She has no sense of customer service. You shouldn't be behind a reception when you have an attitude. I won't be returning back to this location as I don't want to pay close to 300 for a room and then be treated like an inconvenience.

Nice hotel, do NOT eat the breakfast here. It's the same price as the local diners but without any of the quality or freshness. 25$ breakfast panini that isn't grilled or toasted. With 3 scrambled eggs and 4 pieces of bacon and 1/3rd an avocado. Objectively not worth it unless you enjoy an even more expensive egg sandwich.

Somehow convenient location near the light rail station and within walking distance from the PATH station. The establishment is not a fancy new one but good enough to stay for a short time. Surprisingly Hilton decided their free waters are only for silver members (and tiers above), guess time to say goodbye to Hilton.

This hotel was clean and spacious. Our room had a lovely view of the city skyline and the people who worked there are amazing. The restaurant had fast service, and delicious food. Just a short walk to the Path train to NYC.

The rooms are modern and clean, it's in a great spot in Jersey City, but parking's extra – $30.

I stayed there for 2 nights I didn’t notice it until the second night other than that the room was good and clean.

Our stay at double tree Hotel and suites in Jersey City was nothing short of spectacular. The hotel’s elegant design, combined with its top-notch amenities, made for a truly relaxing and enjoyable experience. The attentive and courteous staff catered to my every need, ensuring that my stay was as comfortable as possible. With its convenient location and outstanding service from the staff specifically Latoya, Betsy and Olano has quickly become my go-to choice for accommodations whenever I travel to the area. 5 star!”👍🏼👍🏼job well done everybody

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the DoubleTree by Hilton in Jersey City, and I couldn’t have been more impressed. From the moment I arrived, the staff was warm, welcoming, and eager to make my stay as comfortable as possible. The check-in process was quick and efficient.

The room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed, with all the amenities I needed for a relaxing stay. The bed was incredibly comfortable, ensuring I got a great night’s sleep. The hotel’s location is perfect—just a short walk to the waterfront with stunning views of Manhattan, and easily accessible to public transportation. It was a great base for exploring both Jersey City and New York City.

Bathroom was dirty.  Tub looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. No way I was standing in someone else's filth.  My wife and I had to drive over to my sons house to shower.  Considering how much this room cost to get a clean tub is not too much to ask.  I used this hotel for a few years. I will be looking elsewhere in the future.

Room was very large and clean, however views and location was not ideal.

The PATH train is maybe a 5-10 minute walk from here which isn't bad without luggage or cold weather, but with both of those then it's a little bit of a hike.  If you are going to do anything downtown it feels close, but it's really not as you will almost certainly have to get off PATH and onto at least one more line to go downtown or uptown.  We did the trains once to get to the Gershwin Theater and that took around 40 minutes.  Coming back via car took even longer and came at a fairly high price.

The views are as pictured, which for us involved looking at a parking garage.

The staff was nice and helpful.  The area around the hotel was cllean.  The real problem is the price tag for the location.  I would not recommend staying here if you want to do anything downtown.  Maybe try to find something off of one of the uptown trains instead for more convenience at a likely lower cost.

exelente hotel lo recomiendo
el personal exelente atencion y las instalaciones limpias y centricas

Terrible Experience with Double Billing and Refund Process

I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience at DoubleTree by Hilton, New Jersey. I prepaid for my reservation through Hotels.com, yet the hotel charged my card AGAIN, resulting in a double charge. This was entirely their mistake, but instead of resolving it promptly, I was told I’d have to wait an unbelievable seven days for a refund.

This is completely unacceptable and reflects a shocking lack of responsibility and customer care. Mistakes happen, but the refusal to take immediate action to fix the error shows a disregard for guests' time and money.

DoubleTree is supposed to stand for quality and professionalism, but this experience was anything but. I will not be staying here again and will think twice about trusting this brand in the future. To anyone considering this hotel: beware of how they handle billing issues.

I stayed here with my kids. The stay was uneventful and happy. They were out of warm cookies.

The problem started when I got home. I noticed that when I looked at my credit card they have both overcharged me and double charged me. So my two nights which were supposed to cost me around $500, had two ~$1000 charges. When I called the hotel they were rude to me, put me on hold, insinuated I was lying and wrong, they even checked my linkedin account. I did not get a refund for all of the amount that was overcharged. I did get the double charge refunded. So in addition to overcharging me, they were rude, left me on hold, and caused quite a bit of stress and annoyance. If you stay here pay close attention to your receipts and credit card statements!!!

When I looked at the reviews I saw that other people have also been overcharged and double charged!!! Wow!

طريقه سهل وسرعه إجراءات الدخول نظيف وهادي

Fantastic hotel. Great views. Value for money (nicer quality Hilton here this side of the Hudson with great connectivity into Manhattan). Staff are friendly and loved the complimentary cookie. (If one small criticism - gym could do with a tidy -up and machine upgrade). RECOMMEND.

Sub par stay followed by a nightmare of scams.

My checkout day was 7/20/24 during the global IT outage, which caused my flight to be canceled. I checked out promptly at 11am and stayed in the lobby for a few hours while I figured out a new plan.

Around 3pm, I had asked one of the cleaning ladies if I could re-enter my room briefly to look for an item I was missing from my bags. She allowed me in. I looked around for a short bit and couldn't find it so I went back down to the lobby. Around 3:30 I remembered where I had left it so I went back up one more time to grab it as the door was still open.

As I was about to head out, I ran into Nicole, who asked me if I'd like to extend my stay. Which I was actually interested in due to my flight circumstances, and she even sympathized with. Only for her to say they're all booked up. Not sure why she offered if that was the case, but I went on my way to try the Westin. She seemed nice and nothing seemed wrong.

A week later, I'm told they charged me a $150 late checkout fee, claimed they never let me in the room, and accused me of staying in there all day past checkout. Knowing the truth, I told them check the cameras as I was confident they would show me in the lobby when I said I was, and that the key swipe logs would prove that she let me in. They agreed to do an investigation. 3 days later they admitted that the logs did show that the housekeeper let me in which "she wasn't supposed to do", but that they don't care and they're still going to charge me until they check the cameras.

It's been almost two weeks and I've called 10 times to no response. One of which, Nicole said she was busy and asked me to call back in 30 minutes. I agreed. When I called back, she apparently had just left work for the day.

I will change this review if and when this gets resolved.

EDIT: Took another 2 weeks but the issue was resolved favorably.

Planned a vacation for New York City and decided to stay outside the city. Chose this hotel because it was close to the Path station. The staff was very friendly and professional. The location was convenient and friendly. Each morning we had the opportunity to see the sunrise over the city. I would highly recommend this property.

This location and Hilton in general have lost my loyalty, this location had a water issue so had to ask everyone to leave - I understand, that happens. My problem is I did not get a guaranteed room rebooked for me at another hotel, and had to go as a walk-in to their Meadowland location (45 minutes away) since they were only accepting people first come-first served, and miss a work dinner (whole point I flew across the country) to guarantee I got a roof over my head tonight. When I called customer service, they gave me a case number and said they’d forward the review to each hotels manager. On top of it, I did not even get a lateral transfer, the Meadowlands location is horrible location, further from work and a complete downgrade in quality.

Rooms were way to expensive, $600 a night for even a diamond member.
Probably not returning there. Many stays there too.

Rooms are spacious and clean the staff is very friendly and the location is very close to exchange place making Quick access to the city a simple feat.   Definetly reccomend staying here

Staff are not friendly at front desk not sure where those reviews come from. The market inside the hotel is absurd and charges $10USD for water it’s disgusting. I was unfortunately not able to add the wedding promo code for my stay and asked if they could match the promised prices and they refused as I was out by one day. Not very friendly - it’s a business but also, you never forget how people treat you at a chain, and it puts me off the entire chain in the US

Good hotel
良いホテル

0/10
Our room was next to the elevator which consisted to bang loudly  as it passed floors and the front desk staff was unhelpful/refused when asking for a room change. Unable to sleep or enjoy our stay.

장점 :- 위치 매우 좋음. 역에서 완전 천천히 걸었을 때 도보 10분 이내로 엄청 가까움. 근처에 커피숍, 음식점, 백화점 있어서 접근성 좋음- 더블 트리 개인적으로 좋아해서 자주 가는데 여기도 방도 넓고 깨끗하고 전반적으로 만족 - 호텔 바로 앞에 바닷가를 따라 산책로가 있고 월스트리트 빌딩 뷰가 너무 멋짐. 또한, 밤 9시에도 동네 주민들이 운동하거나 산책하는 모습을 볼 수 있는데 동네가 상대적으로 안전해 보임. 저도 저녁 8시쯤 나가서 매일 런닝 했음.- 동네가 회사 빌딩도 있지만 주거지역이라 뉴욕 시티랑 달리 조용하고 차분함.단점 : - 없음기타 정보 :- 조식이 부페가 아닌 메뉴로 주문해서 먹음- 1층 호텔 편의점이 매우 비쌈.

Excelente hotel a solo 20 minutos de Nueva York en el PATH (metro de New Jersey). Habitaciones de lujo y limpieza excepcional. Empleados amables (te ofrecen galletas en la recepción) y menú de desayuno magnifico. Especial mención a la amabilidad y simpatía del camarero Johnny y su compañera, que nos hicieron sentir como en casa. Felicidades a todo el equipo.

Amazing hospitality and friendly service by Olano from the front desk
Thank u so much for every thing

Our hotel stay was very nice and the food we ordered from room service was also super yummy! The only thing we wished was that we could cast on our tv because the on demand options were quite limited but overall it is a great location to be able to walk to places and enjoy the city.

Rooms need to be renovated bad!!!!  Too many guest were complaining especially for the price they were charging.

>>>Wenn noch paar Dollar übrig sind gerne wieder<<<<

I wish I could rate this on the staff alone, in which case the staff at the hotel were always courteous and welcoming.  BUT it is a hotel and my primary goal is to get a restful stay.   That I did not.  Between the rusted-out tub and the constant thumping/knocking noise coming from the ceiling, ducts, elevator - I really don't know, this was one of the worst stays I have had.  Yes, I let the hotel managers know multiple times... and each time I was given the standard "we can look into that" with no follow through.  Each time it was a different manager and each time they acted like they were unaware of my complaint.  I let them know in person at the front desk and through the text they sent me asking how everything was.   Nothing was ever done.  No offer to move my room.  No offer to see if they could fix it.  Just "we can look into that".   Maybe they did?  I'll never know.   The only thing they did was give me a free appetizer at the overpriced restaurant.  For $300 per night, I would have expected more.   So, I won't stay there again.  The area is really nice and there are many other hotels within a block or two, so I can stay with a competing chain.   But to end on a positive, the hotel staff were always friendly and helpful when I asked for directions or towels or things like that.   That much I do appreciate.  4 stars for staff.  1 star for the room/experience.

It was a experience

Dur de parler à quelqu'un... toujours relayer au système par internet

Great place to stay with great service

Our stay was made AMAZING by Nicole H. in particular! After a long and extremely humid car ride from Toronto to Jersey City (10 hours) we arrived exhausted and ready to relax. After telling Nicole about our tiring travel day, she offered us free breakfast during our stay. That, in addition to the cookies offered at check-in, made us feel so much better. She even provided free food and drink vouchers for my parents’ anniversary. Thank you, Nicole!

Good option right near the PATH, giving easy access to NYC. Yet the rooms are much cheaper and far bigger than any option in NYC. Helpful staff, some of whom go above & beyond. Do be aware that if you book a queen room, they are right next to the elevator and you can hear a lot of mechanical noise whenever the elevator is in use. I had to ask to move rooms, it was so loud. Thankfully the lovely staff member moved me to a much quieter room away from the elevator and this room was HUGE.

The rooms had barely any light the fridge is pretty small other that that it’s decent except for the gym the gym is mostly cardio which is good in most cases but I couldn’t get all the things that I needed to do done

I came here with my kids for a family trip
We booked four weeks ago but we arrived around 6 pm and our room was not ready we waited until 8 pm we asked them if our room was ready but it was still not ready my kids were really tired of the weather was 98 degrees after several our waiting for the supervisor told us our city view Room was ready we went to our room the room wasn't NY city view immediately took my kids in the front desk with me I asked the supervisor for my room, not City View he said to me I bought it from 3rd party so he didn't know about it, Really? So speechless and really disappointed I would never back to this hotel again. I do not recommend this hotel to anyone.

Room is spacious and seems clean but the ac/heater makes lots of noise that it woke me up. Horrible sound proofing. Someone next door was taking their shower at 6am and it made a horrible horrible sound (like a whistling through the pipes) that it woke me up again. Will not book in this hotel again.

MEGA! Das DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Jersey City bietet einen luxuriösen Aufenthalt mit spektakulärem Blick auf die Skyline von Manhattan. Die stilvoll eingerichteten Zimmer und Suiten versprechen Komfort und Entspannung für Geschäftsreisende und Urlauber gleichermaßen. Mit modernen Annehmlichkeiten ausgestattet, darunter ein Fitnesscenter, ein Business-Center und mehrere gastronomische Optionen, erfüllt das Hotel alle Bedürfnisse seiner Gäste. Die zentrale Lage in Jersey City ermöglicht einen einfachen Zugang zu den Sehenswürdigkeiten von New York City über die nahegelegene Path-Station. Ob für einen Kurzurlaub oder einen längeren Aufenthalt, das DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel & Suites Jersey City bietet eine ideale Basis, um das Beste aus beiden Städten zu erleben.

Great location for easy access to manhattan, this hotel shines for the excellent customer service. The staff is friendly, helpful and easy to reach. And the fabulous choc chip cookies are a hearty treat!

MANAGEMENT NOT RESPONSIVE

From the time my family checked in on Tuesday until we checked out Saturday, we had no wifi in the room.  The first day the person at the desk told me the hotel itself was having problems overall.  The next morning when we still couldn’t get on I was told by a different person all the wifi in the building was fine and to contact support.  My daughter spent over half an hour on the phone and nothing was resolved.  I walked down to the front desk and was told to try connecting in the lobby and maybe the connection would continue in my room (it did not).  He also said he would let the manager know and she could call support as well.  On the third day I received a check-in text from the desk asking how things are and I repeated that we still had no wifi.  No response.  My daughter called support again and spent another half hour on the phone with no result.  The next day I had a text conversation with the front desk.  He claimed he went to our floor and checked empty rooms on either side of us and it worked fine.  (That may be true, but I am dubious.)  He then offered to show me on his phone that the wifi worked.  I complained and asked what good that would do us if his  phone worked.  He finally apologized and offered to comp the expensive $27+tax daily parking fee for our week.  Upon arriving home I found we had been billed by the hotel even though we had prepaid through a third party.  I called the hotel, who told me to email the manager and gave me her email address.  After emailing on Monday I had heard nothing by Friday, so I called her and she said it was in process of being refunded.  When it finally was the next week, it was for almost $40 less than what we had originally been billed.  In looking at the invoice I see they had neglected to comp us for one day of parking.  I replied by email explaining this and including screenshots from my text conversation where this was agreed upon.  No answer.  After two weeks I emailed again, including screenshots of the texts, invoices, etc., and got no response.  This is not an inexpensive hotel and to be treated in such a shoddy fashion is unacceptable to me.  Not to mention lack of wifi could be a serious problem for anybody trying to keep in touch with the office, as well as infuriating for teenagers staying in a room for vacation.  Can’t recommend this hotel.

Hôtel peu proche des transports publics 25 mns à pieds

Great place and service.

I had a wonderful experience with the staff during my recent stay. Olana assisted with my check-in process and was exceptionally efficient and welcoming, ensuring a smooth start to my stay. Nicole was incredibly helpful with all my queries both before and during my stay, providing prompt and thorough responses that made my experience even more enjoyable. Thank you both for your outstanding service! - Simranpal Singh ( Simran )

It's not there there was any thing bad at all with the hotel. It's clean and convenient, it's just a better business stay then vacation location. Doesn't have a ton of amenities. But the staff was very pleasant, for the city the room was good sized, large bathroom, room lacked storage or drawer space for a longer stay [we were there 6 days and struggled to find places to unpack our clothes]. I would stay again for the cleanliness and convenience.

30 dollars to park your car. Per night!
25 dollar early arrival fee.
I mean, seriously? It's a nice hotel, but in the time of Bidenomics, it's just better to stay at a smaller, more reasonably priced hotel that doesn't charge you to breathe

Great place, always clean and wonderful size rooms!!

Nice hotel and place,
Close to the PATH that takes you directly to the WTC/Manhattan.
Big room for us who where five.
unfortunately there is no ventilation in the room, nearly no exhaust i the bathroom, so air quality is bad and humid during the night. Even though there is AC there is no possibility to open a window or a window trickle vent..

An excellent location with paid self parking.  I was very pleased with the accommodations. The staff was polite and professional.  I ordered chicken wings at the in-house Bar, all were  plump and noticeably larger than the typical restaurant wings. The only negative was, for me,  the lack of work space, I had hoped for a computer and printer, neither was available. That seems to be a trend in mid scale hotels.

Well maintained and spacious rooms, beddings were quite comfortable. This hotel is in an excellent location, walkable to new port mall and PATH. Offers great and friendly service. Lighting in the rooms is little dull. Work desk is quite large and comfortable. Food was good, meetings rooms were basic, but comfortable for groups of 40s.

The room was nice, but nothing wow about it.  The first night the AC kept making a rattling sound.  We informed the customer service in the morning, the next night, we had the same issue!
They sent someone to fix it and it worked for a while, then in the middle of night here comes the rattling again. So we informed them again and they finally replaced the AC unit.

Perfect stay! Amazing staff and great rooms! I would absolutely recommend and would stay here again.

I was in-town for work and arrived early at the hotel. They were able to accommodate an early check-in and it made my life so much easier.

Room was beyond spacious, had two TVs, a full size ironing board, safe, microwave, and mini fridge.  Decent views and comfortable beds at a decent price point for the area. I did book an advanced purchase and a double bed room to save some money and the room was beyond perfect. Totally clean, quiet, and always enjoy those doubletree cookies.

Location, rooms, and service all exceeded expectations. Hotel is close to the PATH for a trip into the city. My compliments to the hotel and staff. You do it  the way it should be done.

Only thing bad about this place is the poor internet. One of the worst internet connections I have had to deal with

Pathetic hotel.. wifi is so bad drops in every 5 min..

Very happy with our stay.

Friendly and helpful staff. The shuttle driver was great! She was very informative and helpful in making suggestions. Will definitely stay at this location again and again!

Overall this was a great experience. To start there is a parking deck that hotel guests can use here. It is in the building adjacent to the hotel. It was about 27 dollars a night and guest can park from the 3rd to 5th floors. There was plenty of parking here on the weekends as well.

The front desk was kind and courteous. They explained everything well including all the food options and timings of everything!

The rooms were incredibly spacious! It was amazing to have a junior suite with a separate couch and TV. It allowed us space to breathe! The rooms smelled clean and looked well maintained. The floors are carpeted and the air-conditioning worked well! Nothing beat the high pressure showers though! It was refreshing!

The beds were comfy.

The staff kept the room cleaned well on the daily. They were trustworthy and efficient!

Overall the location was amazing. Really close to Newport station which can take you straight into Manhattan. It was close to the Hudson River and some rooms have amazing views of the NYC skyline.

Prime location . Spacious rooms. Amazing views of the city  . Large flat screen TV . Very cozy feeling . Great service  . Newly remodeled . 10/10 Location !

가격대비 좋음

free warm cookies

Would definitely recommend this hotel for it's convenient location, within 5 mins walk of Newport Path station and nice neighbourhood. Easy to get to and from Manhattan without the price tag of more central hotels. Our room was comfortable, clean and spacious and perfect for a family stay with children. All the staff were friendly and helpful and it was  nice to come back to a refreshed, clean and tidy room after a long day of sightseeing.

Great hotel in a great location. 5min walk to supermarket, PATH trains into NYC, and a literail stop from a shopping mall and upscale dining.

Large (especially for metro NY) suite rooms. The gym is also large and has a lot of equipment. Convenient location for access into Manhattan and Hoboken.

The front desk staff were courteous and successfully checked me in upon my arrival at approximately 4:15pm, also recognizing my Diamond status. Despite this, the room I had pre-selected was not ready, and my digital key was unavailable, even though I had opted for a 4pm check-in. Consequently, I was assigned a room on a lower floor. A highlight was the exceptional cookie provided, arguably the best across various DoubleTree locations. The room itself was large and comfortable. My only gripe was the audible plumbing noise from adjacent units. I found the breakfast price of $35 to be steep, considering the quality. On the upside, the hotel's proximity to public transportation, like the Path train to New York, and its closeness to various stores, restaurants, and a mall, was a significant advantage.

Very clean and organized hotel. Staff were friendly. And perfect location to get into the city.

Average hotel. The rooms lighting level was very low, very dim lights, almost darkness. Very dated rooms. Bathroom had full size amenities. Microwave and mini fridge were available in room. No water bottle provided in room. Very limited selection available for coffee in room. Hotel is by the Hudson River and the riverwalk is a fantastic place to walk/run along and has NYC skyline views. Hotel is really close to Manhattan side of NYC. Mall nearby the hotel about 5 mins. Parking at the hotel is paid parking.

The hotel is a bit old but the rooms are spacious and clean.

We booked a junior suite for 5 people. Room was spacious. Pullout bed works well.

Service for me was terrible. I booked through Expedia and changed the date. Upon check-in, the front desk first couldn't find my reservation. Later they found out that they had an email from Expedia on changing the date and forgot to process. The front desk staff wasn't sure how to handle, and was suggesting that there was price difference. But clearly it was their fault for not following through on the email. Finally the front desk supervisor straightened everything out, but it took well over half an hour to get through the check-in process.

Location was OK. The tram station is right next door. It's a 7 minute walk to PATH train to NYC.

This has been really nice stay

Spacious clean rooms, nothing fancy perfectly functional.

Amazing staff, amazing room. Everyone was very friendly and smiling I really appreciate it. Thanks a lot for the new staff working feb 10th at 2:00pm, you were very kind !

And thanks for the staff night, they helped me when I had problem in NY, they called an other Hotel to help me.

Thanks a lot I really enjoy my stay thanks to you.

Joel at the front desk is fabulous!

Habitación para 6. Pero 2 duermen en sofá q el colchón no existe .finito viejo quede todo roto. Habitación sin ventilación,  falta oxígeno. Si no pedis el café no lo ponen.

整體不錯 但房間內有點舊，另外客房服務很慢，跟他們拿毛巾都沒送到 然後再要兩次最後要我們自己下去拿 不幫忙送

Very surprised. Great location and nice rooms.

Stayed for a 3 night city break - we were a family of 5. NICOLE was so welcoming on the front desk, extremely helpful & she didn't forget the beautiful cookies for us upon check-in.
The staff in general were all very friendly, helpful & polite.

The Hotel was perfect location to the Path Station where we could pop in & out to Manhatten.

The suite was spacious, clean & Met all our needs. I would definitely stay here again if I ever return to New York & I would not hesitate in recommending this Hotel 🙂

Emplacement bien situer à coter d'un Mall, du tram, et de magasins.. au top

My go to property whenever I’m in jersey city for business. The rooms are perfect and very spacious and the views are amazing.  The bartenders are very friendly.  Also want to mention that I ate at the onsite restaurant several times and i hope I spelled the young gentleman’s name correctly that was the chef on staff but Jhohangel prepared several meals for me during the evening hours and each meal was prepared perfectly. Specifically the BBQ chicken sandwich stood out to me the most and the salmon dishes.  Highly recommend ordering anything off the menu.

Sincerely,

GB

Diamond Member

I will not stay here again. Very expensive to stay here and for that you get very little. They offered me an upgrade online, and then after I arrived, they  told me none were available. They said in writing that the breakfast buffet each morning was $17.00 per person, but it wound up being $36.00 per person for scrambled eggs and bacon. After i questioned this, they developed "Selective amnesia."  The only ammenity you will get here is a cookie. The room was small. I would not recommend this hotel, and I will not stay here again.

Ottima posizione e splendida vista

Has a great view. Very clean. Staff was quick to assess our needs

The location is ok, if you drive be mindful of the crazy traffic to and from NY. There’s  also a $17 toll you’ll have to pay to cross over each time. The hotel itself was ok, the rooms need a deep cleaning though. The walls were pretty dirty especially in the bathroom. I had to clean some of the wall with a Lysol wipe because I couldn’t stomach whatever bodily fluids was appearing by the toilet and light switch. The beds were ok, kind of small and low to the ground. Not for tall people at all. We paid extra for a nice view but two of the windows faced a garage while the other did offer a nice view and sunsets. We heard a lot of sirens, there’s a firehouse around the corner from the hotel. Windows are not noise proof. I probably wouldn’t stay there again

The room was nice.  It was clean.   It had all the amenities I expected.   The tv is slow to change channels, but that’s sort of normal for hotels.   The hotel has basic room service, not much more than delivery.  Next time I’ll order out.  I had chopped salad with salmon.  Not bad, but expensive I could have done better in this area.   Main issue was the heater.  This room had two rooms with hvac in both.  The front room heat was only blowing cold air all night long.   The bedroom was heating but I woke up in a sweat.   I was too tired to complain and got out the spare blanket

I am a Diamond member and travel a lot… this is probably by far the worse hotel with respect to service.
Starting with check in process receptionist was made me feel like I am not welcome at all… service  or perks that usually comes being as per hotel policy are not available or given despite being asked… when come to room not enough towel booked a suite at least enough so my wife and I can use it when asked to get towels … it took them 1.5 hours to get me towels. Next day no toilet paper when asked recommended to come down and pick up. Service personnel knocking on the door and telling me at 9 am you better leave the room quick if you like to get the service done as he can guarantee service if we leave room late. Seriously???

Very good hotel, friendly staff and clean room. Great location, close to a nice mall and a subway station. Would highly recommend and would stay here again!

Always a good stay here at the DoubleTree.

The room was a nice size.

Great view of the city and east access to the PATH.

Good rooms. The main issue I had was the constant bell noise from the Light Rail trains which stops very close to the hotel. There were other noises as well occasionally like garbage being emptied from the dumpsters or something of that sort. The room is not provided with a kettle or tea cups and no spoons whatsoever ever. Instead they have a tiny coffee machine and 2 disposable coffee cups. No complementary breakfast included. But if you want to make your own food, you have a small microwave and a mini fridge, but as a said, no plates or bowls or spoons or anything useful to even warm up food. On the plus side, it has a gym and laundry service.

I arrived at 2:30 pm and check in isn't until 4pm. I was told a room was ready, but that I would have to pay $25 if I didn't want to sit in the lobby for 1.5 hours waiting for it (even though, again, it was ready). Who does this? To a Rewards member to boot? I definitely felt like a captive customer at this hotel, and NOT like a welcomed guest.

Clean room, very comfortable bed. The bar had very little available compared to what they were displaying and when I asked what time they were closing the bartender said she was closing soon because she was tired.

Blown away by our recent stay here. Nicole, the front desk manager went above and beyond to make our anniversary trip the best it could be. Amazing location near trains and restaurants. Getting into NYC couldn’t be any easier.

This is one of the most unaccommodating and disgusting Hilton DoubleTree hotels.

1. Being a Diamond member (takes abt 2 months stay in the year to earn) I did early check in a day early, selected a preferred room on the highest floor, and when coming to check in (6pm local time) they removed my preferred rm and moved me to a room on one of the lowest floors.

2. You think you may get the Hilton promised 4pm check out when you really need it?? Not here. Nobody cares about your status at this Hilton. They get to follow whatever policies work for them.

3.  Rooms do not have a single USB-c wall outlet/port except one on the clock. We had to charge 3 devices and only brought one wall adapter. I tried to suggest different solutions. Most hotels have something from lost and found etc. I even asked for an extra alarm clock (which had 1 usb-c port). Well, they claimed all rooms are sold out and they had no extra alarm clocks. Really? What if one were to break? Would I have to go without a clock?? Their advice was that I go to a convince store at 11pm at night when I need to get my 5 hr sleep.

4. Room smelled like a bottle of Febreze was dumped on the floor right prior to our arrival. Gave me a massive headache.

5. Coffee maker smelled like a moldy dump inside. But what would you expect when most times they dont give people waters and one can dump whatever they want inside of it. Disgusting and not sanitary.

6. A 6oz of glass of cheap $10 bottle wine was $20!!! Ruth Cris one block away charges less. This is a shame. Their classic breakfast (3 eggs cooked to order w/sausage, potato and toast) is $28 and if you want an omelette, add $8. So $36 for 3 eggs with 3 sad sides made into an omelette. I’m sorry. This is sickening.

Please DO NOT EVER consider staying at this Terrible Double Tree by Hilton. Go elsewhere.

Excellent  location for staging to tour/sightseeing NYC.  Short 5-7 minute walk to Newport PATH station wish is $2.75 and 20 min ride to World Trade Center stop or 25 mins to 33rd (Empire State building or 9 blocks to 42nd & Broadway near Times square.

Spacious  rooms (compared to many NYC hotel properties- quite at night - great views sunrise/sunset of NYC cityskyline.  Easy Uber/Lyft to EWR.  Plenty  of eating options at mall one block away.  Great Pizzera next door to the Doubletree oppsite side of build the Fitness gym is located in.

Melinda "Melly" on the front desk is fabulous and has amazing  customer service skills - kudos excellent representation for the Doubletree.

Extremely over priced for a run down, beat up hotel. Was here for a wedding and the carpet was falling apart, when I had a shower leak, nothing was done about it, and the staff was mostly dismissive and had an attitude.

When going to the US Open I regularly stay at this hotel. Unfortunately this visit was below standard. Simply because the cable signal for the television (Direct TV) was spotty at best. I literally had to use my tablet, log into my cable provider, and stream the TV shows I wanted to watch.

Excellence location and a friendly professional staff. Mildred at night is a total rock star!

Friendly service. Decent location close to ferries and trains to NYC.

I stayed at this hotel for 6 days straight.
I'll start with the cons.
Cons:
1. There are no amenities (pool, gym, nothing)
2. The food at the restaurant is expensive ($18 for oatmeal, $12 for cereal with milk)
3. The snacks that are available are limited and hardly stocked. They charge $4 per bottle of water.
4. $35 per day for parking.
5. You're only given 1 cookie and 1 bottle of water when checking in IF you're an elite member.

Pros:
1. The room I stayed in was very clean.
2. The hotel is located in a very nice area close to shops and restaurants.

The staff is warm and welcoming. Cleaning staff was friendly, efficient and thorough. Hotel is perfectly situated enabling me to walk everywhere I had to go all week. No need for a rental car or an Uber.

The hotel and staff were great.
Go outside of the hotel for food!!

It was the room service that caused 2 stars.
The restaurant was closed when we went to get breakfast (before it should have been) so we ordered room service.
They have upcharged the menu so high, that a breakfast sandwich, coffee, pancakes and 2 OJs was $100!!  (Delivery charge is $5 inside the hotel!)

The outrageous prices and fact that the food was mediocre, at best, makes the food service 100% NOT worth it!

Nice hotel, great location.  We were catching a cruise ship the next day.  However, don't spend the money for the city view of NYC skyline.  It was a view...but not close to being worth the extra charge.  $475 is a bit pricey given the other options we had.

geh your wifi under control

Waren 4 Nächte dort mit meiner Familie . Optimale Lage , Metro ( Path Train ) in der Nähe und von da nur 5min bis nach New York ( One Trade Center ).
Zimmer war groß,  Ausstattung etwas veraltet.  Personal sehr nett und hilfsbereit.  Frühstück war sehr gut 👍

Amazing place for business stays and holidays.
Surroundings are next level you can literally enjoy the beautiful views of sky scrappers.

The room is old especially the bathroom. Had some mold as well. Connectivity is good from here, Close to the Newport path station and light rail. Paid parking available.

No pool or spa... Restaurant open part of the day at different times, breakfast over  at 9

Inquired about a room block. Sales coordinator did not mention anything about a 2 might minimum during my inquiry call. She emailed me back stating room blocks require a two night minimum and attrition just because “it’s a busy week”

I understand the attrition but 2 night minimum for a wedding block because it is a busy week is unfair when this isn’t usually the case

horrible communication.

quiet hotel in JC downtown.

We stayed as a family of 6 for 6 nights and we couldn't have been happier in the choice we made. Our overall stay and experience was simply amazing. Our room was clean, spacious and comfortable. The staff was courteous and welcoming. Housekeeping made sure our big family was comfortable, clean and had the amenities needed. Many thanks to Mildred at the front desk who greeted us and made sure our entire family was well taken care of and comfortable. When we come back , we will definitely stay here again.

Great location! My AC didn't work the whole time there.  I asked them to fix it, but they never did.  They did offer to move me, but I loved my view of N.Y. and I had too much stuff spread out.

Nice, upscale-ish double tree location, has a parking decks for guests

Rooms were spacious and clean
Bathroom very outdated definitely needs some renovation , the bathtub has stain and rust on it

My biggest issue was the air conditioner being very loud and positioned right in-front of the bed blowing cold air directly at us which made it uncomfortable at night

Staff are nice , receptionist greeted us with freshly baked cookies 🍪, she was very helpful in giving us information on how to take the metro and how to go to time square

Breakfast was Ok , nothing over the top

Overall  it was a good experience but not the best

It was disappointing for as much as it costs. It's not a bad hotel, just not worth the price.   Their lower star sister hotel "Hampton Inn" is a much better stay. They are always cleaner and nicer.

It was ok. Room was nice and clean. But absolutely no amenities. No pool. No continental breakfast. Elevators were out of order in hotel and parking garage most of the weekend. And the staff was kinda rude and stingy with the cookies.

Receptionist never gives you what you need, but what she decides what you want
As a bonus, after hours of unpacking and settling, a bug showed up, asked the front desk to come clean it up, the answer was I don’t have housekeeping but she can change the room for us, again making the situation a problem of ours and she decides what we needed

It wasn’t awful, but for the price, I wouldn’t stay there again. The tub was worn and rusted, housekeeping only came once in the four days I was there and only because I asked (the shower products were empty, so I asked for refills), and the room smelled kind of musty. The beds were also quite uncomfortable. On the plus side, the location was great, and the people at the front desk were terrific.

We’re Diamond members and have stayed at many Hiltons and this is by far the worst. Both air conditioners in our room weren’t working and one never got fixed fully. They did provide a fan. WiFi is horrible and continually drops. Coffee is not available in the lobby and food and beverage credit cannot be used for snacks. There was no phone in our room so when we needed to contact the front desk we had to walk downstairs. Lots of room for improvement at this hotel. For a relatively new facility I would have expected much more.

We were in a two queen bed room with a family. The beds were super uncomfortable with slouching mattresses that were extra soft. When raising it to front desk they couldn’t do anything about it, so after a 5 night stay we came back with sore backs and necks.

The breakfast was Bizzare too. It was buffet for 4 days and a-la-carte for one day. The Restuarant staff mentioned that buffet is only on weekends, but it wasn’t the case so we ended up eating the same bland breakfast for 4 days.

Location is nice, but the hotel needs a refresh. The staff needs more positive energy in them, they look disengaged and unhappy.

This hotel is a little older and could use a redo. But not the worst.

8 nuits en famille à Jersey pour visiter Manhattan. Emplacement idéal pour les familles loin du bruit de Times Square. Très proche du Path qui permet de rejoindre Manhattan en 15 minutes, un grand centre commercial à côté avec des restaurant qui permet de faire du shopping de toutes marques. On peut demander une suite au plus haut afin d’avoir une vue sur Manhattan ce que je vous conseille. Il y a également une promenade à pied le long du fleuve qui donne de superbes vues sur Manhattan. On a un accès également au train afin de rejoindre Liberty state park. Le personnel est gentil et l’hôtel très très propre. Les chambres sont équipées de micro onde et petit frigo ce qui permet de faire des courses pour le petit dej. Et le prix est bien moins cher qu’à Times Square. Je recommande à condition de rester une semaine pour absorber les temps de transport. Pour un séjour de 2 ou 3 jours il faudra supporter le bruit de Manhattan.

It's decent for a quick stay. No Street parking...

I had to convert my booking from a AIRBNB and found this location with a Junior suite at the last moment. Their rooms, service, cleanliness and location for tourists is excellent. All subway and train stations are so close. I would like to make a special mention of the exceptional housekeeping of the room as we were travelling with 4 kids and LESLIE, the housekeeping lady made sure the room was cleaned, beds made and everything n order before we arrived back in room after a full day of roaming around. Thanks Leslie.

Stayed in a 2 bed corner suite. Great service. The cookies are always warm. The location to NY cannot be beat as the PATH train is only $2.75 each way and takes you right into the heart of Manhattan. I always stay here. The rooms are clean. The staff is superb!  You will not be disappointed.

I love this hotel and the customer service was simply amazing.  The rooms are clean and spacious.  If there is something that you need, they respond in seconds.  The food was delicious, a little over priced though.  Their recommendations for local restaurants was on pointe.

I highly recommend to stay at the double tree. I reserved my wedding room block here and they treated us like royalty. Room was clean, view was beautiful, service was top notch.

Great experience!!! Delicious 🍪, I really wished they could have given me more, lol!

Volvería!!

I think overall was good!

Ein schönes Hotel sehr zentral in Jersy City gelegen. Kurze Wege über Path (U-Bahn) nach New York. Personal sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Parkplätze gut und mit 27$ auch nicht zu teuer.

Falta que hablen Español

Falta cambio de sábanas, estuvimos una semana y no cambiaron.
Falta q hablé. Español en el mostrador

Booked and stayed for two nights 5/27 - 5/29 - no room service provided during the stay.
Informed front desk on 28th, requesting fresh towels at-least - nothing. Only two towels, two coffee cups... were in room, so didn't had option. So had to go down and request fresh towels again.
Informed the staff at check-out - got - "sorry about that, thanks for your stay, bye bye" response

Room and general area was ok, bathroom needs updates or deep cleaning - was not in great condition (for the Hilton standard).

Friendly front desk and large, clean rooms. The location is easily walkable to restaurants, the PATH and other transit.

The best hotel in the area.

We stayed at this hotel with another family. Me and my daughter ended up getting stuck for more days than planned bc of flight cancellations.  The hotel was nice, clean and great location. I need to share about one of the front desk workers named Mrs. Mildred. She was so gracious and treated me, my daughter and the other family like FAMILY! She does more than just work there… she takes pride in her role and goes way behind her “job”. She made a very stressful situation so much better and I can’t thank you enough for her kindness. If we ever visit the area again… we would only stay at this location due to Mrs. Mildred. Anyone that books here… I hope you are blessed enough to meet her.

Excellent value! Gorgeous high,  corner rooms with views of NYC! Friendly and attentive staff!

Fantastic experience- spacious, clean room, beautiful lobby and common areas.  The staff is WONDERFUL-- especially Latisha who was in training but absolutely fantastic, helpful, responsive, and reassuring.  Definitely recommend!!!

Friendly professional staff, Nice rooms

Das Hotel liegt in Newport sehr nah an der Waterfront mit einem tollen Blick auf Süd-Manhattan, Path-Stationen ganz in der Nähe. Es ist ein vergleichsweise kleines Hotel, dadurch kein Gefühl von Überfüllung, Gedränge und es gibt nirgends längere Wartezeiten. Die Zimmer wurden täglich gemacht, Handtücher aufgefüllt und gewechselt. Falls mal etwas fehlte, wurde dies sehr schnell vom Personal behoben. Die Betten waren gut, Matratzen nicht zu weich. Die Matratze vom Schlafsofa hingegen leider schon recht durchgelegen. Etwas gestört hatte uns, dass leider keine Fenster zu öffnen waren. Hinter dem Hotel führt eine Straßenbahnlinie entlang. Das Geklingel der Glocke war trotz der an sich sehr guten Isolierverglasung noch hörbar. Aber erträglich. Strassenverkehr kaum wahrnehmbar. Genauso wie das Zimmer selbst sehr gut isoliert ist. Es gab so gut wie keine Geräusche aus Nachbarzimmern zu hören. Diese Ruhe haben wir sehr geschätzt. Das Personal an der Rezeption war stets sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Das war wirklich wunderbar. Die Bar abends haben wir 2x genutzt. Dort war nie viel los. Es gibt sicherlich schönere Hotelbars, aber es war alles sehr sauber, die Getränke waren soweit gut, der Service in Ordnung, wenngleich dann aber doch alles auf Manhattan Preisniveau lag.
Wir würden das Hotel wieder buchen, weil wir die Ruhe geschätzt haben, den tollen Blick auf Manhattan und das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis für uns einfach stimmte. Und mit der PATH ist man wirklich schnell in Manhattan.

Awesome Hotel and Great Location for Food & Shopping...

Our current stay is a nightmare! Checked in with my family to a room with a stained tub, burning marks on table, all lamps broken, scratched window - worst experience ever! Even after changing rooms, the bed lamp electric switch didn't work.

I stayed there a few weeks ago to celebrate my birthday. As for being a Hilton Honors member, I absolutely love their complementary chocolate chip walnut cookies along with their bottled water!!! It was a clean & nice stay. Definitely coming back soon!!!

Great rooms but limited food options close by.

I asked for city view and I got it with looking over the Hudson.

Food was a bit over priced but still good. I felt safe in the area even parking my SUV but it's a bit tight but then again it's the city.

Sheets were clean rooms neat each morning along with towels.... I mean they even folded my dirty clothes on the bed... but I wasn't expecting service. So overall great... I stay at Disney resorts and have to say this was a bit better.

The hotel seems new and the rooms are large and wonderful greatly located next to Path train to NYC, and to NJ light rail, and with close proximity to shopping mall and food facilities. The only caveat, as always with the Hilton hotels, is the quality of the internet. Had to connect to the free network of the building next door to get proper internet.

Staff not overly helpful, although nice initiative with some staff working there were autistic and that in itself creates a nice atmosphere.
Overall the hotel was fine, but loose fittings in rooms, lack of soap in lobby restrooms gives a feel that staff are not motivated to provide a good experience.
The WiFi like all hilton hotels seems to struggle, although we didn't use the pay version. 3 out of 5 stars overall

My review is a little late but me and my husband stayed on March 24 to the 26th for our wedding anniversary we really enjoyed our stay the room was very clean and service was wonderful the views of NYC was beautiful we will definitely stay there again

Room setup very odd.

Its nice place and good view of Newyirk and Jersey City view

Very clean, convenient hotel. Easy access to the city and back. 2 minutes from a walk along the water front. There are restaurants close by and we enjoyed the hotel very much.

My husband and I stayed for one night while in the area for a show at The Prudential. Great views of the city, clean room, courteous and helpful staff - and warm cookies at check in!
Our only issue was something to do with the tub not draining well while showering; we propped the drain open to keep it flowing.

This hotel always comes through on the clutch! Thank you for your services during my Bachelorette Party weekend ☺️ We had a blast! The cherry on top were the fresh baked chocolate chip cookies baked daily 🤤😋

My favorite hotel in the greater NYC area.

Almost everything was great, the room was clean and the staff was very kind and helpful. My only issue was with the lack of TV service. Get away from the Direct TV service, they stink!  To think in this day and age that  snow flurries can block the signal for the satellite TV servicel is beyond me.  That is why I went with the 4 star rating.

The Best!!

I don't know why anyone stays in NYC. This place has large rooms. Reasonable prices. Friendly staff. Plus, a short walk to the PATH stations. We have stayed here 3 times on our visits to NYC. Can't go wrong.

Very pleasant experience here. I arrived after midnight, and the late night crew at hotels can sometimes be rather… rough. But not here. I was welcomed warmly and the front desk person was super friendly and showed a lot of care.

The rooms are very modern and very clean, and quite spacious. Pictures shown are of the “junior queen suite”.

Very good customer services and rooms are good sizes as well. Location is excellent, just a few steps from malls, shopping centers, and path station. The only issue is room don’t have access to outside air, you can’t open any of the windows to recycle air.

I stayed there for one night for friends wedding. Decent hotel I’d say. The area felt pretty safe for me, it’s within few minutes walks from closest groceries and coffee shop. Nice customer service too!

Love this place.  Very well run, modern, clean.  Great hotel option if you are doing work in New York and want to escape.  Definitely one of the nicer double trees in the east coast.

Appreciate that the hotel has no pet policy, as the room is fur free

Good hotel to walk to Newport PATH to get into city.

Nice Hotel with great views on NYC. Clean rooms and friendly staff. Fitness center is adequate for a trip. Newly installed Peleton if you use it.

Nice hotel, great location. close to path and train.

We stay at the DoubleTree every time we come to NYC. The location is super convenient (across the street from PATH), the rooms new + exceptional, service terrific, and the prices are extremely reasonable.

There's a reason my girlfriend and I (whom are very picky when it comes to hotels) only stay here. It feels like a four star hotel for a three star hotel price even on weekends

Keep up the good work

This hotel definitely needs updates
The bathroom look like the one in ymy grandma house

Decent business hotel. Very accommodating and friendly staff. Recommend this spot. It is conveniently located in Jersey City.

Pretty nice hotel room with a small living area for a TV and sofa, as well as a separate area for full size beds with their own TVs. Decent sized bathrooms with a bathtub and amenities. Has a fitness room on the second floor that has a good amount of cardio machines and some weightlifting machines.

The room had a wonderful smell as we
Ag in. Love the layout of the room. Beware***In room Dining (IRD), pre ordered a coffee & tea, side of bacon, sausage, potatoes at 8:30a and it came an hour and a half late. I was charge $64.51 for cold food and hot beverages.  There was a lot of miscommunication, front desk and IRD as to when the food would arrive. Front desk stated there’s nothing they could do to help with the billing and I would have to wait to talk to the f/b manager.
***UPDATE***
After contacting the hotel again ,they were able to make the situation right.

Terrible.

Amazing rooms. The staff is wonderful!! Close to the path to go over to NYC!!

Highly recommended…everything is exceptional at this hotel. I’ve been a long time Hilton Gold Honors Member, and this hotel reminded me that I made a good choice of being a Honors member. At the very heart of Jersey City with a great view of the Big Apple, everything was great.

The end of October my wife and I celebrated my birthday in Jersey City/New York. This hotel was perfect because of the amazing view and our room being in the top floor! I believe in name dropping and I’ll never forget the customer service I received from Tabitha and Monica who were GREAT and their customer service was TOP-NOTCH! We had a hiccup with booking, but I must say, the staff and management team made up for it in service and fixing the issue! The hotel was clean, the room was spacious and nothing could have been better. This hotel was conveniently centered between restaurants, stores, and a mall that was within walking distance. There were no complications in checking out, and the parking was also convenient in price. This was indeed one of my top favorite stays. M my wife had never been to NY or Jersey city as she was a small-town girl living in a lonely world who desires to take a midnight train/plane going anywhere before she met me… She LOVED the Hudson view and the nighttime beauty looking into NY. All I can say is, Jersey city does not owe us ANYTHING! This stay was so good, I give it a “GEE-WHIZZ”! If you found this review helpful, follow me for more! Add me on TikTok @gee_whizz_nehi

Everything about this place made our experience to New York City extra special. Service at front desk was great, room service was very friendly, Johnny at the restaurant was always giving us top service despite being one of the only servers he always served with a smile and greeted us every morning. Location was less than a 5 min walk to Path to go into NYC and stay was peaceful at night despite the light train being nearby. Great for families.

Right next to the path station to shoot over to NYC. Great staff and very helpful. Get room with city view

The staff is friendly I was upgraded to city view hotel so wonderful. We stayed an extra night. The room has two TVs, one in the living area and one in the bedroom.

Amazing

Hôtel très beau, très propre, le personnel est très sympa à l'écoute des clients, très bonne restauration. Les chambres sont parfaites, la vue est superbe. Tout est parfait, il devrait avoir 4 étoiles et non 3. L'emplacement est super à 3 minutes à pied du train.

Room is spacious and seems clean but the ac/heater makes lots of noise that it woke me up. Horrible sound proofing. Someone next door was taking their shower at 6am and it made a horrible horrible sound (like a whistling through the pipes) that it woke me up again. Will not book in this hotel again.

Great hotel. Staff was friendly, from housekeeping engineering front desk and even security. All were very helpful and very respectful.

Excellent! I have stayed 4 weeks in a row with work, and it’s beautiful. The rooms are very clean and spacious. They have everything I need, they give me water bottles at the Front desk and I can ask for more as needed and cookies. The room is like a suit with 2 TVs and a living room. It has a gym and orange theory across and location is great!

I chose this hotel because of the many great reviews posted, and this has proven an enjoyable stay. The customer service was above and beyond, the guest service manager was so welcome and so great in arranging and taking care of all guests. She made me feel “like at home away from home” it was very accommodating near path stations underground very walkable distance- easy and fast. This hotel was located near big grocery stores where you can get what you need during your stay. The hotel is updated and has great offers. The staff was very friendly, highly recommended everyone this hotel. I really enjoyed my stay here.

If you don't want to pay a fortune in New York, the best is to book a room in the famous Double tree in New jersey and go by car to New york.
Convenient and very good service.

I rarely leave negative reviews, but after a week of unresolved follow-up I feel it's warranted.

I've been trying to obtain credit card authorizations for two employees staying at this property and have been unable to get a consistent follow-through from the front desk. I have been hung up on after long holds, emails have gone unanswered, and it took me until the day of to finally get someone to send something.

I've called 3–5 times every other day, including on weekends, and reached out by email as well for over a week. I don't doubt the staff is doing what they can, and I understand that short-staffing is a real challenge in hospitality right now. But a week of back-and-forth for a standard pre-arrival request is genuinely difficult to justify.

I'm sure the rooms and location are great. Unfortunately, this experience with their administrative process has made it hard to recommend this property for corporate travel.

Service could’ve been better because I’ve booked & paid for a room through bookings.com when I’ve arrived front desk couldn’t find my reservation so he ended up booking me for another room. Long story short I was charged twice & the room I’ve originally booked was giving to someone else that is why front desk couldn’t find my reservations by the time I arrived. Called yesterday to fix the problem & was told everything was handled & that I should receive an updated email 30 minutes after our call & now still haven’t received anything so far

Christina was fantastic taking care of us late when the restaurant was about to close. She was an extra miler!
I travel a lot and eating at restaurants is a necessity.  Christina ranks   In the top
1 percent of all the waitresses I have ever had.   She takes her responsibility seriously and goes above and beyond them.  If I lived in this part of the world, I would frequent this restaurant because of the wonderfully courteous service that Christiana gave us.

Parking garage was a little bit confusing to find. Give yourself extra time to get from your car to the lobby.

Recommend parking on level five next to the elevators because the other floors are very congested

Positive: The location was fantastic and the view from our room was amazing! Negative: We had a great stay there was no negative experiences

This was one of the most disappointing hotel stays I’ve had in a long time. The hotel is extremely old and poorly maintained. The room was dirty, the carpet was filthy, worn out, and looked like it had not been properly cleaned for years. The bathroom and overall room maintenance were also in very poor condition.

What made the experience even worse was the attitude of the front desk staff. They were unfriendly, unhelpful, and showed no professionalism or hospitality.

I requested room cleaning twice during my stay and specifically asked the front desk to make sure housekeeping cleaned the room. After returning late at night following a long day, I was shocked to find the room had still not been cleaned at all.

When I spoke to the front desk employee, she simply said there were no housekeeping staff available at that time and that they would clean it the next morning. I explained that it was my last night and I would be checking out the next day, but her response was basically, “What do you want me to do? I have no solution.”

I told her I could not sleep in the room in that condition because it was dirty and unorganized. She eventually offered to move me to another room, but in a very rude manner. She asked me to go upstairs, bring down all my luggage myself, and come back to the desk. Despite seeing me carrying multiple bags, she did not offer any assistance at all.

To make matters even more disappointing, I am a Diamond member and did not feel that my loyalty or status was acknowledged in any way during this stay.

Overall, this hotel seriously needs renovation, proper cleanliness standards, and much better customer service training for its staff.

Great views of the river, service was hit or miss, there was an incredible amount of dust. Asked for extra towels the first night they never came. The next day when asked again they were delivered within 15 mins. The pool was nice, the gym looked decent, the sauna was broken. The Dust, the dust, the dust. It was incredible how thick the layer of dust was in the room behind anything. If you set your phone down face up it would have a layer of dust on it in 5 mins.

The front desk phone didn't work. I tried to call ahead to ask about parking, traffic, etc. and couldn't get ahold of anyone. It seemed weird how comfortable a major hotel brand in a major city was with their front desk not being reachable.

Overall this location served its purpose as a place to pass out after touring Philly, but I would not expect much from the rooms or amenities.

This is an excellent hotel. Room was in perfect condition. AC was quiet. I would stay again.

Definitely try strawberry mocha from Royce at Ellis coffee! Excellent service, good drinks recommendations, and interesting convo! Will be coming again for more drinks

Royce in the coffee shop was very nice and helpful! Had a great time!

Christina, at the Rope & Anchor Restaurant, was very thoughtful and attentive with her service to our dinner party.  She selected a booth with a view of river view for us to enjoy our meal.  I would highly recommend the Rope and Anchor for a pleasant evening of dining.

Christina was our server and was outstanding. Very personable and and very professional. Food was great and view is wonderful.

It’s the best guest service I ever seen. Wow great job
I love the place and the location. Be back

​I stayed here from April 30th to May 1st for a business convention. My experience was a mix of great service and some disappointing facility issues.
​The Good: Valet was a breeze Daryl was super helpful right from the start at 5 a.m. Sean at the front desk was also fantastic; even though he was new, he was attentive and kind. The absolute standout was Curtis from the dining staff. After noticing my dietary needs the first day, he personally made sure I had fresh, hot turkey bacon the next morning without me even asking. He went above and beyond to check on me.
​The Bad:
The room was a major letdown. For a Hilton, I expected much better. The shower head was visibly dirty, the towels were stained, and some were so old they were literally thinning and missing cotton (see photos).
​Additionally, Jennifer at the front desk was a major point of frustration. She had a very unpleasant attitude and a poor demeanor. It wasn't just me several others from my organization who checked in at different times all had the same negative feedback about her.

​Summary: I’d give 5 stars to Curtis, Sean, and Daryl, but the lack of room cleanliness and Jennifer’s attitude bring this down to a 3-star stay.

Jorge B  is an all-Star worker. understanding, and great customer service. I will only come back because of the accountability that Jorge gave !!!

Beautiful view, nice staff

Habitaciones amplias con excelente vista. Un poquito viejo y sin room service.

The bartender was a really nice guy very respectful. But me and my wife was supposed to have a water view but instead we got a City view

We recently stayed at the Hilton and unfortunately, the experience fell short of our expectations. From the start, the customer service wasn’t very welcoming or helpful, which set the tone for the rest of our stay.

The room itself felt pretty outdated and could definitely use some upgrades. One of the biggest disappointments was the TV — it didn’t have any smart features, so we weren’t able to stream Netflix or anything similar, which is something we’ve come to expect when traveling. It made it harder to relax and unwind at the end of the day.

Housekeeping was also lacking. The level of cleanliness and attention to detail just wasn’t where it should be, which was frustrating.

Overall, it just didn’t feel like the quality we expected, and we were pretty disappointed with the experience.

Fantastic hotel with spacious rooms, great dining and coffee shop. You can have a buffet style breakfast in the Anchor restaurant if you chose.
The valet and Reception staff are wonderful.  You are always given free water when you visit the reception.  There is a gorgeous seating area outside which offers stunning views of the Delaware river.  Highly recommend this hotel.

Nice hotel with great staff. River view rooms are great. Ive never stayed in a hotel that I look out any window and see a battleship, oldest steel warship and a W.W. II submarine!
Best view ever.
But even better at night!
Walking through old city was actually very pleasant.

I would give Hilton at Penn's Landing 0 stars if I could.

Summary: poor communication, lack of accountability, added expense, and a loss of enjoyment on our trip that was meant to be a joyous wedding celebration. Would NOT recommend.

We had a very disappointing experience with this hotel. Despite having a pre-paid reservation made in advance, we were turned away upon arrival because the hotel had overbooked.

The situation quickly became more frustrating. The hotel they referred us to was already full due to the overbooking at the Hilton. The Hilton was unreachable by phone at this point. This left us to scramble for accommodations at the last minute, resulting in a very expensive booking elsewhere. It would have been nice, and frankly expected, to have been notified of this overbooking prior to arrival. This was not the experience we were hoping for after a 6 hour drive.

The front desk experience made matters worse. The gentleman assisting us was rude, unprofessional, and unsympathetic. Despite acknowledging overbooking is no individual staff member's fault and is frustrating for both guests and staff alike, we were met with hostility and a poor handling of this situation. When asked to speak with a manager or have management contacted, he refused. He also incorrectly stated the alternative hotel was affiliated with Hilton, which we later discovered was not true, nor was it a comparable stay. Certainly not what we paid for. We did ask if our reservation could be transferred to another Hilton in the city and he refused.

When we asked if we could return to the Hilton for the second night of our reservation, we were told to call in the morning. After multiple attempts to reach the front desk the next day, we were unable to get any response and were left without support once again.

Overall, this experience resulted in unnecessary stress, unexpected expenses, and a clear loss of enjoyment. This is not the level of service I expect from Hilton, nor have experienced in the past as a long-time customer. I would not recommend this location.

Nice view of the river and city, rooms were comfortable, parking was kinda expensive like $70 for 1 night, it was safe and convenient

Clean with a nice water view

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Nice location, room was clean, parking is a bit expensive! Lots of restaurants and bars nearby, also close to downtown! Overall its recommended

The service was amazing. The staff was so accommodating and  friendly.

I always give credit where it’s due; the location of this hotel is excellent. It’s right on the waterfront in downtown Philadelphia with great views. Unfortunately, everything else about my experience was unacceptable. At 9:00 AM, I called the front desk to request fresh towels and specifically asked for them to be left outside my room. By 11:00 AM, they had still not arrived. Meanwhile, multiple staff members were gathered in a guest room down the hall, sitting and eating with a cart of towels nearby. I called again to repeat my request and, before leaving for lunch, placed a “Do Not Disturb” sign on my door. This was intentional, as there were prescription medications clearly visible in the room, and I did not want anyone entering while we were out. Despite this, staff entered the room anyway. When we returned, the towels had been placed inside the bathroom. The “Do Not Disturb” sign was visibly hanging on the door handle; there is no reasonable explanation for ignoring it. This is a serious violation of guest privacy and basic hotel standards.

When I contacted the front desk, my concerns were dismissed and I was met with pushback instead of accountability.

To make matters worse, I realized shortly after checkout (within 10 minutes) that I had left a bathing suit hanging in the shower. I called immediately and was later told it was never turned in to lost and found. Given that staff had already entered my room despite the “Do Not Disturb” sign, this is extremely concerning.

At best, this reflects a complete lack of professionalism and protocol. At worst, it raises serious questions about the handling of guests’ personal belongings.

I would strongly recommend management review their staff practices, particularly regarding guest privacy and lost item procedures. I wish that this situation would have been addressed promptly and properly instead of how it was handled.

I was in town for a concert and spent one night here the customer service was amazing the only issue I had was the bed wasn’t comfy but I’d definitely stay here again.

The front desk staff is always welcoming every time we have been there.  Have never had an issue and will continue to come back when in the area for work.  Close to spruce Street harbor Park and just a few blocks walk to south Street

سحبوا من مبلغ المواقف مرتين

This is a great hotel! Came for a spring break near-cation with my kids and picked a gem. The hotel is near Old City so walking distance to the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall and other things as well as on the Riverfront where you can do tours of ships and a submarine. But why did we pick this hotel? The pool! It’s one of the nicest indoor pools we have ever had. ||If I’m going to give an honest review, the bathtub needs to be glazed as the tub was peeling. Also while the pool was amazing, towels were hard to come by and even when we went to ask for them at the front desk, after another hour no one came to bring any. ||My only other complaint would be how expensive things are but it’s a hotel and it’s pretty standard. ||Would absolutely stay here again and again.

I stayed overnight on 4/3.  My reservation was for a deluxe queen room.  Check-in was at 4pm.  I arrived close to 5pm.  A room wasn't ready.  We decided to get something to eat while we waited.  As we started to walk away from the front desk I was told a standard queen became available so we took it.   Well guess what I was billed for?  A deluxe room.  So billing is my first issue.  I'm home now and trying to get this straightened out.  Second, the hotel is showing signs of wear and tear.  My room had torn carpet, a dirty AC vent and the bathroom showed signs of aging.  The details that left me bleh:  My reservation was for a party 3, yet we only had enough bath towels for 2.  The indoor pool was without heat and freezing cold.  Part of the reason I booked the hotel was so my daughter could swim... guess not.  Upon checkout I asked how to exit the parking garage to avoid double billing because I opted in to parking in my reservation but I had to pull a ticket for entry when we arrived.  I was told to keep one of my room keys and to scan that upon exit instead of the ticket.  It didn't work.  Fortunately, there was an attendant there that opened the gate so I could exit.  Finally - the food.  The breakfast buffet was mid at best.  There are way too many good places to eat in Philly.  I ate there for convenience but wished I hadn't.

Classy bar in lobby ! Very tasty bar menu selection ! We had the flat bread with steak and cheese toppings !

Excellent service and experience. Highly recommend!

this app doesn’t tell you that parking for this hotel is $62 per night. The pool was very shallow but nice. The hotel was nice and clean, friendly staff. The bakery goods inside their little store were delicious and fairly priced. The view from our room was awesome as well! I would stay here again!

10/10 coffee shop! Baristas are extremely kind and nice! The barista Sage made me an incredible mocha! Will definitely come back again

Coffee shop employees are horrid. Breakfast was good.

Terrible hotel for many reasons:
1. Our room had bedbugs and the hotel staff refused to change our sheets in spite of 3 separate times we asked. They just rearranged the sheets. We could see the sheets were the same but they ignored our repeated asks. When we checked out they said they have to have Ecolab
2. The highway sounds of bikes reverberates into
3. The towels are rough & ragged/torn

Nobody answers phones so you have to get in elevator to go downstairs to get any kind of service. Pool was out of service. In room checkout didn't work. On the other hand, rooms were nice, good location, bar and restaurant were good.

Christina was the best server we’ve ever had, hands down.    Food amazing.  Drinks amazing.  So happy we stayed here.

Great location Bryan was about and beyond

I have to write to Hilton to tell them how much we appreciated your service/rep Brien. He is an exempt employee. Do not loose him.
I checked in on st Patrick's day at 7:00pmm to find out there was no record of my reservation through Groupon. When Brian checked us in he said Groupon had not sent the monies to pay for the room. I made there 48 hours ago and pays Groupon and they immediately took my money of $175.85x
We sat in the parking lot/and lobby. Brian offered us both a water and an energy bar.
He kept in trying to get Groupon to hurry the process along. And they let us sit!

Restaraunt/kitchen is not open until 10 as advertised on both hiltons website AND restaraunts website. Change your times on your site.

Stayed at the hotel for business and had the best dinner at Keatings Rope & Anchor right in the lobby.  Christina, our waitress was nothing short of awesome, made us feel right at home, service and food were really great! Had the Calamari, Caesar salad, Cobb salad and the burger... all winners.   Will definitely be back soon!! Do your mouth a favor and stop in!!!

We usually don’t leave reviews, but we felt it was important to share our experience to help future guests better understand what they might encounter during their stay.

First and foremost, the location was absolutely stunning. We stayed in a room on the 22nd floor, which offered breathtaking views of the river—a definite highlight of our trip.

However, there were several issues that impacted our overall experience:

1. Upon arrival, the staff was unable to locate our reservation, which caused unnecessary stress after a long flight from California. Thankfully, they eventually found it, but the initial confusion was unsettling.

2. The room itself was uncomfortably stuffy, and the air conditioning struggled to maintain a comfortable temperature throughout our stay, making it difficult to relax.

3. Attempts to contact the front desk from our room were frustratingly unsuccessful. No one answered the phone, and messages sent through the app went unanswered. We had to go directly to the front desk to address any concerns.

4. Unfortunately, no room service was provided during our stay. This left us with unmade beds, overflowing trash cans, wet towels on the floor, and empty body wash dispensers, which was disappointing.

5. Even after speaking directly with housekeeping and the front desk, room service was still not provided. Instead, we were handed towels to carry up ourselves and given two small bars of soap as a substitute, which felt inadequate.

6. We were only informed about the credits available to us on the night before checkout, leaving us scrambling to use them last-minute at the gift shop for souvenirs.

Overall, the staff appeared indifferent and not particularly interested in assisting guests. We hope this feedback helps improve the experience for future visitors, as the location truly has so much potential.

Positive: Can walk along Penns Landing, short 10 minute walk to Independece/Historical area and just 30-minute walk to downtown.   Cheap parking Negative: ""

This is in a great location especially when your traveling with children, but I can say the customer service & hospitality needs more work,

Scott at the Keating Bar was super attentive and knowledgeable about the food and bar menus. He treated my wife, kids and me like royalty. We will definitely plan to stay here on visits to Philly.

Great Hotel!  The staff was awesome!  The Front desk was so nice helping me with finding the sites and even gave a quick overview of the area bus system.  Rooms very clean (but do need a refresh).  Restaurant and bar staff was so welcoming.  And the views cant be beat!

Everything has been great so far. Christina was an awesome waitress!

Great location, staff and lobby. Lack of room cleanliness is the only negative issue I have experience here. I have stayed several times as work brings me to Philly. |Some negative housekeeping issues, but nothing worth commenting on. Things were always ok. The rooms are dated so there is only so much HK can do. |Maintenance on the HVAC is severely lacking. Often a musty smell and clogged air filters. Room is covered in dust a day after you arrive without HK. I was told in the past that they were too busy to keep up with filter changes but that in the slow winter it would be corrected. My most recent stay was the same. Musty slow airflow and dust over everything the next day when I returned. I turned off the HVAC unit to keep it from recirculating the dust. Please change the filters or I will have to change hotels.

I'm disappointed with my stay here.

For the room I was in, the bathtub surface was visibly deteriorating. The coating was peeling and cracking across the basin. This is a maintenance issue that fell below the standard I'd expect from Hilton.

Positive: "" Negative: Water pressure and parking

Very disappointed with this hotel. Stayed here for a conference and will avoid staying here for the future. Neither the sink or bathtub drained in my first room, the shower towels were ripped and stained, and the lamp outlets didn’t work. I asked for a new room and thankfully the drains are better but the heat doesn’t work and the towels were yet again ripped and stained. This hotel is outdated and really needs some revitalization and new towels

Third straight dinner at Keating’s Rope & Anchor… yum… great food, awesome server Christina — super attentive, made us laugh, and remembered us the next day. Worth a visit!

Nice location within walking distance to most major historic sites. There was major construction right next door at Penn’s landing that started early in the morning. Rooms could use a refresh but were generally fine. Staff was pleasant.

Excellent service from Christina.  Love the meal! Friendly service

Our check‑in experience was just okay. The initial greeting felt a bit cold, almost as if our arrival was an inconvenience. Interestingly, once we asked the front desk associate how their day was going, the tone warmed up noticeably. It wasn’t a bad start, but it certainly wasn’t the welcoming first impression we hoped for.

The room itself was fine, and the beautiful harbor view truly elevated the stay. That view ended up being the highlight of our visit and made the location perfect for everything we had planned.

However, several issues with the room which made the stay less comfortable than expected. Our reservation was for two guests, and while the bathroom had two towels and washcloths, one towel had multiple stains. We called housekeeping for replacements, but after an hour with no update, we called again. The guest services rep said they would follow up, but another 35–40 minutes passed with no response. Eventually, I went down to the front desk, where they acknowledged the request had been shared, they provided towels from the back. Ironically, housekeeping arrived at the front desk to inquire on my request, as the towels were provided. After a long day and a late check‑in, we were simply hoping for a nice shower and rest.

Additional concerns included a heater/air conditioner that didn’t work—the fan never turned on—and a toilet that ran continuously. The shower head’s water setting couldn’t be adjusted, and there were no hand towels provided for initial pre-room service. Hand towels were provided with the first housekeeping clean.  Since we were only staying one more night, we chose not to call in the maintenance issues.

Despite the inconveniences, the harbor view and the hotel’s location were genuinely enjoyable and made exploring the area easy. With some improvements to service responsiveness and room maintenance, this could be a much better experience.

Exelente ubicación y buena vista a la orilla del río, Acceso al estacionamiento aunque un poco más elevado, la recepción fue atrasada por que había muchas personas haciendo check in a las 4pm, nuestro cuarto no estuvo listo hasta las 5pm, nos regalaron un pase para el desayuno imagino por la molestia.
Los ciertos la vista panorámica está bien, pero entrando sientes el olor a humedad característico, la limpieza es superficial y no detallada, varios daños en puertas, paredes y manecillas, los muebles si necesitas un reemplazo ya que están muy deteriodados de tanto uso.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Stayed two nights… housekeeping never came. No clean towels for our second night.  Also the bathtub was cracked.  If you didn’t wear shower shoes, you’d cut your foot.  Do not recommend.  Told the front desk about both of these problems, with no resolution.

I would not recommend this hotel. The room was not clean + visible damage, they did not provide any housekeeping services over a 3 night stay and lack amenities of a normal Hilton. Customer service to receive a copy of my bill has been non existent. No one can help me and they hung up without resolution.

I recently had the pleasure of dining and staying at this Hilton, and I can say without exaggeration that the staff here turned a great visit into an unforgettable one. Three individuals, in particular, deserve the highest recognition for their hospitality.

Emad (Manager)

From the moment we arrived at The Boat, Emad set the tone for the entire experience. He greeted us with a genuine, radiant smile and a level of warmth that is hard to find. What stood out most was his kindness toward others; seeing him take the time to play with a baby boy at the neighboring table showed his true character. He is full of life, engages in wonderful conversation, and ensures every guest feels seen and cared for. His "encouraging goodbye" was the perfect finishing touch to a stellar meal.

Sian (Security)

As a young woman traveling, I cannot overstate how much I appreciated Sian’s presence. He went above and beyond his "job description" to ensure my safety and comfort. He personally verified that my Uber was the correct vehicle before I stepped in, held every door, and maintained a professional yet incredibly kind demeanor. His consistent "good mornings" and farewells made me feel secure and looked after. His kindness will truly never be forgotten.

James (Server & Bartender)

James is a master of his craft. He was incredibly gracious and possessed deep knowledge of both the dinner and drink menus. His recommendations were spot on! Even more impressive was his attentiveness… even on days when I wasn't dining at the restaurant, James would make a point to greet me and my sister feel welcome. That level of recognition is what separates good service from world-class hospitality.

This team doesn't just provide a service; they provide a community. If you are looking for a place where you are treated like family, look no further. Thank you, Emad, Sian, and James! We will be back.

Christina gave us very fast and helpful service at the restaurant!

I have no idea about the hotel itself because I had to cancel. But the cancellation process was awful. I was transferred 3 times and all 3 times the call was dropped. Obviously the rep had no idea how to transfer. I couldn't talk to anyone. I then finally called another number and was put on hold for 10 minutes. Then they tried to tell me i booked through priceline which I did not.

My husband and I and our 5 year old daughter stayed at this Hilton due to its location near the convention center for the Philadelphia Flower Show. We arrived at the hotel around 6 pm and unfortunately our room wasn’t ready. I’ve worked hotel front desk and housekeeping before so I do understand how hard it is to clean rooms over the weekend when most guests don’t check out until close to 11 am. The ladies at the front desk, Jennifer and Melissa were very helpful to my husband and apologized for the room not being ready yet. They gave us a drink voucher and luckily there is a restaurant in the hotel so we could have dinner while waiting for our room to be ready. After dinner our room was ready and we were upgraded to a larger room for the inconvenience. My husband also got some help bringing our bags upstairs from an employee named Kevin. Thank you so much! And before I forget, dinner was very good with warm and friendly seating from Ky and great service from Joe. I want to pass on that it helps to be kind to people even when slightly inconvenienced. We were well taken care of and had a wonderful stay. The indoor pool was greatly enjoyed by my daughter. It was clean and welcoming with a clean bathroom and changing area nearby. I wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again when visiting this part of Philly. Thank you to a great staff!

The Hilton. It's quite normal Hilton.
My room has a little acceptable trouble with flushing the toilet, but I did not claim.
It's a little bit old, but if you stay at higher floor, you can get very beautiful view.

It's a normal American hotel, I feel.

I went for a mock trial and I really enjoyed myself. The staff was amazing.they made sure food and snacks were steady and full..all breaks were on point. And the hotel had a hiccup that morning with elevators but they kept a can do attitude and Noone noticed unless they were late. Lol.

River views are great. The owner is a real estate developer. Why he didn't make a rooftop restaurant lounge I have no idea.
My complaints are the desk chair is very cheap and uncomfortable. Agree with other commentary the room was not clean when we arrived shoes were in the air vent (see photo) and hair in bathroom. Also front desk is understaffed during checkin check out rush. I agree with other comments rooms are dated furniture is tired and worn. This is surprising considering the hotel is relatively new.
My complements are Restaurant is great staff wonderful. Good location.
Other commenters complain about parking fee $60 but that service is flawless. I would rather you charge me a little more for the room and make sure the cleaning staff is top notch.
It just seems same complaints on comments not being actively corrected.

I can't belive this is considerer a 4 star hotel. The parking garage is a nightmare (you can barely turn the corners its so tight, the ground literally shakes). The line to check in was super long , with no seperate line for Gold Members as Hiltons usually have. Our rooms weren't ready when they were supposed to be. Our room is super hot, we tried to call the front desk multiple times with no answer. We had to go down to the lonby twice to get someone to come up. Someone finally came up, he said he fixed it but its still blowing hot air. The toilet is dirty, the tub has hair in it and there is no stopper in the sink. I'd leave and go somewhere else if I wasn't leaving for a wedding shortly.

Spent two nights and it was a great experience. Had dinner at the hotel, ordered the New York steak and it was really good. Christina was super friendly and provided an  excellent service at the restaurant. Definitely recommend it to anyone to stay at the hotel and if you have a chance, have some great dinner with friends. Great views…

Christina was a super great and sociable waitress. Highly recommended.

I don’t usually review hotel stays. I had a generally negative experience and my family, who booked separately in a wedding block of rooms, had their own. Overall, this hotel is lacking in hospitality and severely missing the mark with housekeeping. This is NOT a 4-star hotel. With pricing $180-$210 per night, I expected at least the bare minimum.

Lack of care from staff:
-	Housekeeping. Honestly, had the rooms been clean I probably wouldn’t have written a review. I’d rather stay at a CLEAN 2-star hotel than this mess. Hair in the tub, “hair” on the toilet seat, miscellaneous garbage under the sink and at the entrance door. Even after our first day’s housekeeping service they didn’t completely empty the trash. There was trash outside our room when we first arrived and waited to see how long it’d be there before it was cleaned up during our 4 night stay – it never was. A room booked with our party didn't have a working fridge and it was clearly never serviced. The rooms themselves could use updating (rust in the shower, cracked tiles, toilet not flushing, vents between rooms are connected so it gets loud).
-	Front Desk Service. Our group checked in quickly for our 4 night stay but any staff we interacted with seemed annoyed we were there. To check in, they didn’t ask for my name, didn’t talk about hotel amenities, didn’t thank me, etc… My family with the block rooms had a 45-minute ordeal to check in – the gal working the desk couldn’t confirm daily prices and was generally unhelpful.

Amenities (Pool, restaurant, coffee shop):
-	This hotel was booked primarily to use the pool. After arrival, our family was told the “pool is open, but you can’t use it” because they’d drained, cleaned, and refilled it the day before. Every day we checked back if the pool could be used – it was never warm enough to use before we left from our 4-night stay. The restaurant wouldn’t open if there weren’t enough patrons. Staff at the coffee shop was laughably inattentive to customers. I could tell they were propping their phone on the register and would just ignore us while we waited to be checked out. On one occasion, we had to tap on the register for her to look up to begin service.

I stayed here for a Conference. The room was great. Food at hotel restaurant just ok.  I found some restaurants close by that cost less and tasted great.   My only complaint would be the parking situation for long term guest. The elevator from the garage is slow  and the walk to  the main lobby felt unsafe late at night.

This has to be one of the worst hotels I have EVER stayed in. I am allergic to dust and the rooms are filthy dust coating everywhere.we call the staff they say they're on it. Come back 5 hours later to our same room no service at all.I wake up with a pounding headache due to the dust. Don't even get me started on the pool.It is February and the HEATED POOL was FREEZING.We call the front desk and they proceeded to LIE to our faces and say the heat was on hours ago.I have wanted to come to this hotel since I was a kid.HUGE disappointment don't waste your money here.

Not a big review writer but beware! I’m a Hilton Honors Member and this was the dirtiest Hilton that I’ve ever stayed at. There were hairs all over the bathroom, rotten blueberries on the floor, stained towels and sheets, dirty coffee maker. The pool was even so dirty that they closed it for the two days that we were there to shock and refill it (total bummer traveling with two kids). I can overlook the worn furniture but it was just gross and grimy. We asked for them to clean the room again but it was still dirty (these pics are after the extra cleaning). We paid $523 for two nights. The front desk gave us $100 off for the dirtiness. I was texting with management but they made no suggestions to remedy.

Not a big review writer but beware! I’m a Hilton Honors Member and this was the dirtiest Hilton that I’ve ever stayed at. There were hairs all over the bathroom, rotten blueberries on the floor, stained towels and sheets, dirty coffee maker. The pool was even so dirty that they closed it for the two days that we were there to shock and refill it (total bummer traveling with two kids). I can overlook the worn furniture but it was just gross and grimy. We asked for them to clean the room again but it was still dirty (these pics are after the extra cleaning). We paid $523 for two nights. The front desk gave us $100 off for the dirtiness. I was texting with management but they made no suggestions to remedy.

In nearly three decades on this Earth, this hotel was the worst we have ever stayed in, second only to the rent-by-the-hour motel we took refuge in when our car broke down on the Bronx Parkway. We are genial, easygoing people, and we seldom leave negative reviews. However, we feel morally obliged to deter future unwitting travelers from falling victim to this Hilton location.

The first room we were assigned smelled of sewage, and we soon discovered the source: an unspeakably disgusting backed-up toilet. The (daytime) front desk staff was lovely and very apologetic, and they quickly assigned us a new room. Unfortunately, that room was so filthy that, if the beds hadn’t been made, we would have thought they’d skipped cleaning it. But the toilet (mostly) worked, and it did not smell like a Port-a-Potty, so we made peace with the situation. We were comforted by the fact that housekeeping would come the next day.

Unfortunately, housekeeping did not come the next day. We incorrectly assumed we could grab some from the pool but discovered that there were no towels there. We went to the front desk to ask. They didn’t have any, but they told us they’d send housekeeping up to at least resupply the pool. Over an hour went by. We returned to the lobby, soaking wet and freezing. A different staff member was there. He did not say a single word, went in back, and provided two towels. (We appreciated that at least he was results-oriented.) My fiancé advised that there were a lot of other people swimming who would need towels too, but no one ever brought any. A group of children left the pool wearing their winter coats to keep warm.

This hotel’s only redemptive qualities: (1) the daytime staff is lovely (especially our breakfast server, who was very kind and attentive!) and (2) the mattresses are comfortable. Unfortunately, the bar staff was extremely rude. We understood they were very busy, so we didn’t complain (though others around us did so very vocally). We sat front and center for 45 minutes, and none of the 5 people working behind the bar even acknowledged our presence.

Pretty much start to finish, staying in this hotel made us suspect we were unknowing participants in an elaborate social experiment. We would not stay here again if they paid us to.

Love the view and room

The good - This hotel has great location on the water with nice river views and is close to lots of restaurants and the downtown scene. Convenient access close to the highway and bridges.

The bad - not sure where to start as this place is in need of attention. The room was fine but needs to be cleaned better (see photos). They discontinued room service at this location and the Rope and Anchor has a limited menu. The manager needs to step up their game, the bar was a DISASTER when we went. Seemed understaffed with staff arguing with each other in front of guests. Saw the manager collecting dishes but had a bar full with no drinks and bartenders running their own food and clearing dishes and other servers trying to get their own drinks and did not know what they were doing. It was a disaster.

The staff was so friendly and very accommodating for an earlier check-in. The rooms were decent and clean, along with the amenities. Would recommend staying here for easy transportation in and out of city center while having a comfortable stay.

Where can I start… I was directed to the self parking lot. Once I pulled up to the open gate I struggled to get a ticket but the female with thick glasses and a ponytail turned around with her face balled up and ushered me to go through the open gate. I parked and came inside to find a live party going on inside of the lobby! I called up to the guest that was hosting a child’s party to let me up to the floor. Upon leaving moments later I went to my car in preparation to leave and was told that since I didn’t have a ticket I would need to pay $110 for a lost ticket. I mentioned to the female in the booth that I didn’t have a ticket and she insisted I pay the lost ticket fee! She should be responsible to adequately perform her job duty and assist visitors and patrons of the hotel upon entry to avoid paying ridiculous fees!

Called Hilton several times trying to cancel/change dates due to the impeding snow storm. Spoke to the front desk to be put into the managers voicemail prior to storm. I have left several messages for the manager to which I haven't received one phone call back. Booking has tried several times on my behalf and nothing. Called 3 days after the storm again and was told the manager hadn't made it in yet due to the storm. Front desk receptionist said she was leaving my name and number on her keyboard for a call back and here we are 2 weeks later and NOT A SINGLE PHONE CALL- if your looking for a hotel take your money when even the manager can't make it in and you want 0 customer service. This is the hotel for you!

As a diamond member, this was unfortunately on the lower end of Hiltons that I have stayed at.

$60 to park for the night at the hotel (never saw that at other hotels I've stayed at.)

Didn't receive waters/goodie bag for diamond status. Definitely not required to do so, but I think this was the only Hilton that I didn't receive anything as a diamond member.

Checked into and picked room from my app.
Carried everything up to the room my app stated on the 20th floor. Digital key was not working so I went to the lobby. I guess "the system was down" so had to wait in line and check in. Received cards for a different room on a different floor, so had to go get all of my stuff from the other floor. Entire process took about an hour, making me late for the event I was in town for in the first place.

Room was extremely outdated. Huge stains on the floor, and looked like they haven't been vacuumed in years. Room only had 1 towel and 2 hand cloths for shower. Even though I booked with two people in room. Wasn't even one to use as a mat. The sink was extremely clogged and would take 10 minutes to drain if you ran the water. Pretty much everything was old, cheap, and dirty.

Coffee shop employee downstairs was not outright rude... But made it pretty clear that she would rather be pretty much anywhere else in the world. When her boss came in and with how he started talking to her I could see why she felt that way.

Overall it just wasn't a great experience, or on par with most of the other Hiltons I've stayed at.

We’ve worked on multiple events at Hilton Philadelphia, Neil and his team made each one run effortlessly. The staff were professional, and the kitchen space was fully equipped and organized. Perfect for corporate events, weddings, and social gatherings. @bukharagrillcaterers

I keep going but.... Location is what I need. The rooms are quite enough if on upper floors or river side. Nice to have an on property restaurant but choices are limited. Rooms are never cheap and parking is $57 a night. Expensive when you have to take 3 separate elevators to get to your room.
Biggest problem is room cleanliness. I'm not real picky but often hair in the bathroom and carpets usually stained. Does not seem to be a maintenance plan since hvac unit is often full if dust and filter is in desperate need of being changed. For a Hilton it's disappointing.

Bryan is great he is very helpful, the system went down and Bryan was very patient with everyone and helped me get my room card. Great service Bryan!

Some things were okay. I'd rather just go to a clean 2-star hotel than this not clean "4 star" hotel. Nice location and in+out privileges though.
Zero air circulation in my room w/ no openable windows and no ventilation other than the opening in the bathroom. Overnight, with 2 people in a 2 queen room, the CO2 regularly hit 1400+ on my Aranet. Again, no ventilation.
Toilet seat was half attached and moved around.
Dusty, there was hair on the faucet.
Moderately small room.
Showerhead that is in desperate need of cleaning/replacement.
Slow draining shower, standing in a puddle.
Old/slow TV.
Scratchy towels.
Massive amounts of dust in the room fan. Do not look back there. Probably not cleaned in years.
Great view!
Heated pool that was not heated and I heard it was leaking on rooms below it.
Pretty good gym for a hotel (minus missing weight selection pin & missing Peloton seat adjustment knob).
Seems like a location that was probably up-to-date and nice 10 years ago? Definitely needs an overhaul.

We were on our way to a very satisfactory stay - impressed with the location, the cleanliness, the wonderful views from the rooms, and the cozy coffee shop complete with games and comfortable surroundings.  The hotel nearly blew it though (could have and perhaps should have taken off more stars) when an absurd parking fee showed up on the bill despite that the room rate I selected (every penny of which was charged) specifically included parking.  Especially in these days of electronic check-out and e-mailed bills, this cannot happen and is inexcusable in my view.  It was of course removed, however, when I caught it in my emailed bill and returned to the hotel to address it.||I will also add as friendly advice that Hilton would do well to provide clear/consistent guidance and standardize practices around how members can earn points on multiple rooms.  I did exactly as instructed in the FAQ’s and requested that all charges be on one folio (one bill) though the hotel was confused and/or adamant that they could not do this and the room charges had to be on separate bills.  This led to some consternation on my part at the time although I did ultimately get appropriate credit.  However, I also remain confused about how the gold/Diamond f&b credit works in this situation.  I (Diamond) reserved and paid for my room and a room that another member (Gold) stayed in and I was told we would only get the f&b credit in that room if the gold member held the room under his # in which case I would not earn the points.||I am not blaming the hotel here as again, at the end of the day, I was satisfied with how things were handled and these issues - so far as I can tell - are dealt with inconsistently across the board.  I feel like I am told something different anytime this situation arises, and it does come up once or twice a year at least on family trips.  I mention this just as something Hilton Corp. could probably help standardize and clarify across the board.

Amazing experience, while our stay wasn’t for something fun in Philly, we needed a place comfortable. The staff was so accommodating, we had to update our resy a few times (once to add a day before due to impending snow storm, added a couple days after org resy due to needing to stay in Philly a few days longer) always asked how everything was going, really felt like they cared. Parking garage on site is so nice, but on day of departure due to a few days of below freezing temps our battery was dead :( Steven the incredible Valet came and jumped our car within minutes. Randy at the front desk was so nice and fun to chat with. The restaurant staff had limited options available but went above and beyond to accommodate some niche requests. I really can’t express how incredible the staff was all around. Views of the city are hard to beat. Thanks again and this is 100% out go to hotel in Philly from here on out! Thank you all!

Обстановка номера старинная - огромные пыльные шкафы, старая сантехника. Но отличный бассейн, спортзал и сауна. Сауну нужно включить заранее, минут за 30.

The views were nice. That's the only positive I can give it. Other than that, horrible customer service in the Cafe, deceiving parking prices, dirty bathtub and had to pay for a microwave that should've came with the room. And room service was unavailable. Never again

Hilton supports nazis. Don't go here.

Great location, lovely amenities, we will definitely return to this property!|Great staff, especially Brittany the restaurant hostess!

Do not stay here if you care about your safety or sleep. My New Year’s stay was a disaster, involving a 3-hour security crisis directly outside my door (with no timely intervention from staff) and fire alarms going off for two consecutive nights.

When I raised this with management, the Director of Front Office admitted the failure but offered a measly 20,000 points (approx. $100 value) for a completely ruined holiday. When I replied that this was inadequate for a major security failure, they simply stopped replying. I have been ghosted for a week. It is shocking that a Hilton property would ignore a guest after such a serious safety incident.

We loved our stay here! The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our view from the 16th floor of the Delaware River was so beautiful, especially at night.

The best part of our stay was Rafaet at the breakfast buffet every morning. He went out of his way to provide exceptional service. We love Rafaet!!!!

A poo with a view. I give this hotel 10 out of 5 stars.

It was awful terrible service,  had to beg for towels.  The food was terrible.  Rude guests they were loud and obnoxious.

Coming in the front desk staff was very helpful and friendly. I ate at the restaurant for dinner and it was amazing. Its clean, they give refreshments.

Great location, beautiful view from the room which was our favorite part. Highly recommend getting a waterfront view, even the bathroom had a window which was a nice touch.

Unfortunately, the surfaces in the hotel room were not wiped down, the windows were not clean there were fingerprints and smudges as well. The toilet also didn’t flush correctly.

The hotel just needs a little more attention and updating because the location itself is great. Walking distance to a lot of things and a gorgeous harbor front!

There was a rat turd in my bed. Staff tried to tell me I tracked it in. I looked along the baseboard, sure enough, more nuggets.

Very nice

We booked a room at this hotel specifically so my kids could use the indoor pool. The pool was disgusting. It was so murky with particles that we could not see our legs. Used bandaids and other discarded items were in and around the pool. Would not recommend.

Clean, comfortable, staff is friendly & professional, nice view, surprisingly quiet.

perfect to watch the fireworks display!

This is the type of hotel that makes you wish you stayed anywhere else. Rude front staff. They don’t clean your room daily, but don’t tell you about it. Your reservation includes breakfast but they keep trying to charge you for it (breakfast is not worth the price anyway).  The pool is dirty. To make it worse we asked for extra towels one day, as no one bothered to clean our room during our stay. Front desk staff laughed at our faces when requesting extra towels. It took over an hour to get it and multiple requests. Cherry on top: bathroom doors are some weird double door design that won’t completely shut. Awful. Do not stay here.

Hotel was nice and the rooms too
The only problem for me was the 60 dollar per day to park the car.
I rented tru Expedia and they don’t say anything about that .

Very nice place

Not sure how this hotel went down hill! The first room we got still had clothes from the previous guests and the bathtub was disgusting. There was some orange stuff where the caulk is supposed to be. They did move us to another room which had mold in the bathroom and orange stuff along the caulking as well. The comforter also had a big stain on it smh. This stay was very disappointing

Es cómodo, lindo y limpio, la vista de sus habitaciones es genial. Me gustó mucho el desayuno

One of the worst, certainly the most unique, hotel lodging experience of my life. We stayed at this hotel on 12/30/25. At approximately 4:30 AM we, along with everyone else staying in the hotel, were awoken to a blaring alarm/siren with an automated message indicating there had been an emergency on site and to remain on standby. 30-40 minutes go by and the same alarm and message again are blared over the speaker system. After about an hour had passed from the initial alarm and no update had been provided, I called the front desk to see what was happening and was told there was no emergency. A drunk, belligerent guest had set off the alarm and that was all. So we were rattled awake in the early morning for an emergency, which at the time we thought could have been anything, and turned out there was no emergency at all. This was alarming and unnerving. We did not know whether we should evacuate or stay in our room because there was literally no further update or instruction from the hotel management or staff. At no point did the hotel update us, make an announcement that there was no emergency, apologize, or make any attempt to restitute the situation. If we didn’t call the front desk, we would have had no idea what was really happening. To say we were shocked is an understatement. Whoever the standing manager was at the time should be relieved of their duties to their negligence and gross mishandling of the situation. I plan on calling management or Hilton corporate offices after the holiday to lodge formal complaints. Regardless, we will NEVER stay at this hotel again.

I stayed here for the night on Christmas Day and checked out next day. It’s good experience with nice view. But after I got home, I found I left my jacket in the closet. So I was trying to reach out to lost and found but they never answer the phone or call me back, even though I left messages three times. I also spoke to operator on the phone twice, but I couldn’t get any reply from hotel yet. I’m wondering who is in charge of lost and found and I request explanation about this situation. Please check on messages I left, give me a call or text as soon as possible. I don’t want to waste my time any more.

One of the worst, certainly the most unique, hotel lodging experience of my life.  We stayed at this hotel on 12/30/25.  At approximately 4:30 AM we, along with everyone else staying in the hotel, were awoken to a blaring alarm/siren with an automated message indicating there had been an emergency on site and to remain on standby.  30-40 minutes go by and the same alarm and message again are blared over the speaker system.   After about an hour had passed from the initial alarm and no update had been provided, I called the front desk to see what was happening and was told there was no emergency.  A drunk, belligerent guest had set off the alarm and that was all.  So we were rattled awake in the early morning for an emergency, which at the time we thought could have been anything, and turned out there was no emergency at all.   This was alarming and unnerving.  We did not know whether we should evacuate or stay in our room because there was literally no further update or instruction from the hotel management or staff.   At no point did the hotel update us, make an announcement that there was no emergency, apologize, or make any attempt to restitute the situation.  If we didn’t call the front desk, we would have had no idea what was really happening.  To say we were shocked is an understatement.  Whoever the standing manager was at the time should be relieved of their duties to their negligence and gross mishandling of the situation.  I plan on calling management or Hilton corporate offices after the holiday to lodge formal complaints.  Regardless, we will NEVER stay at this hotel again.

Very nice room. Out of way location. We had a concierge that pretended he did not know where the parking garage was there were some issues with housekeeping we didn't notice right away but the comforter was soiled two Toyota's when we came in. Otherwise place was interesting

Very nice location. Breakfast was sumptuous. Polite and efficient staff services.

My wife and I got married a few days ago and we didn’t have a lot of time to get away so we decided to spend 2nights at Hilton Penn’s Landing, PA. Arriving at the front desk, Carolina, was so nice with helping us with getting our room and even offered us an upgrade in honor of our wedding celebrations. She was warm and welcoming. After putting our bags in our room we went to have Dinner at the Hotel’s restaurant. The kitchen manager was serving other tables. He then approached us while we were taking photos and asked us if we “were dining or just hanging out”. My wife was seated at the table, about to have some water at this time, my cousin and I taking photos. We were followed on the property by security, even to the pool. The only other guest there who was just leaving the pool mentioned no security had been there all morning. Another guest later said, they haven’t seen security at the pool their whole stay. It was the honeymoon from hell. The majority of the staff’s behavior towards us was cold and unfriendly (except for Carolina, Briana and the garage attendant) I guess that’s what our money got us. Which shouldn’t have been the case because we were guests like any other and we deserved better treatment a respect. We got great photos nonetheless and the food at the restaurant was good. Great Chef, after the manger decided he wouldn’t serve us though he served other guests, our server ended up being delightful. Briana, I believe. It was the night of the 26th.

I want to start by highlighting how pleasant our experience was at this hotel. The view and peacefulness alone were worth 6 stars if that were possible.

The staff was friendly, there was ice water in the lobby to fill our bottles up, the room had a mini fridge, microwaves are available upon request, and the rooms were very spacious. I recommend purchasing the city view as it makes it hard to leave the room.

A few things that could have been better.

The rooms are older, at least the one we were given. This was evident by crooked toilet seats, an older tub style shower and faucet, and torn wallpaper. Additionally the lack of room service can be a bit of a pain, as it requires you to walk down to the restaurant for common asks like salt.

All in all the central location and view at the Hilton at Penn's Landing makes this hotel a worthy Inclusion in any list of potentials stays in Philly.

Our favorite place to stay, and location on the water.  Plenty of things to do in and around Penns Landing area.  Mostly all activities and restaurants/bars are in a pleasant walking distance.  The hotel has a nice bar with a view, and a nice menu.  Staff isn't disappointing at all, nor are the rooms. You'll enjoy your stay here, or have a meal or a couple of cocktail. A nice place to experience.👍👍

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️|“Absolutely amazing hotel stay thanks to Brian! He was incredibly helpful, kind, and sweet, and truly went above and beyond to make my experience outstanding. Customer service like this deserves five stars!”

No clue what has happened to this hotel but it has completely gone downhill and I will not be returning. My most recent stay was the final straw. We received an alert that our room was ready to check in, only to arrive to be told that our room was not ready and we had to wait another two hours in the lobby. Front desk staff was completely rude and miserable and acted as though we were bothering their day by trying to check in. We went to the lobby restaurant while we waited and the food was absolutely terrible, over priced and took forever. The room was one of the dirtiest rooms we've ever stayed in, had mold and mildew all over the bathroom, rusty water stains around every plumbing fixture and dirty undergarments that did not belong to us. The heater was broken and wouldn't cool down below 82 degrees, causing the room to smell like a musty shed. When we notified the front desk, we were again met with hostility and were told a manager would contact us. That never happened. We asked to speak with someone again the next morning and told that we'd receive a call. That never happened. Save yourself the trouble and money and go someplace else. There are far better hotels with better service and amenities.

Whoever Cheryl (front desk around 12:40-1am)is you are too old to be acting like these young girls. Just like you’re working I’m making some extra money. So sorry if I requested you to do your job and interrupted your convo with the lady next to you but I had a delivery after her that needed to be refrigerated so that’s why I asked if you could call the room. Telling me it’ll probably go to voicemail is irrelevant not sure if it goes to the room phone or cellphone but just do your job it was a freaking call wasn’t asking you to find the cure for cancer. I was nothing but respectful and your attitude was unnecessary.  Had I been these young girls out here I’m sure etiquette would’ve been the last thing on their mind. Check yourself and definitely Customer service training may need to be revisited. I’ve stayed here before with my daughter and her puppy and this is not what I expected when I’m just doing my job.

A once decent hotel has turned into a complete disaster. We checked in digitally and were told a digital room key would allow access, and were given our room # and location. When we arrived, the key would not work and had to go to the front desk for assistance. The desk staff that evening was incredibly rude, zero help, and were upset with us for having an issue. We were then told that our room full paid for room was no longer available. We had to wait another 30 minutes to be given a room...only to be told we were going to the same room from earlier. The room was absolutely disgusting, had mold and mildew all over the bathroom, leaking fire sprinklers, and smelled like mildew. The room was insanely hot, creating a horrible smell and make it incredibly difficult for anyone to sleep. We went back to the front desk, were met with the same rude attitude, then were told a manager would be calling us. That never happened. We wanted to get out of this terrible hotel as soon as possible, so showered and packed up early the next morning...until my wife found two pairs of soiled underwear under the bathroom sink that were not ours.We again contacted the the front desk, and were met with even more hostility. Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere. Rude service, disgusting rooms and nowhere near worth the price of the stay. Several weeks later and still no contact or response from management.

Stayed 4 days never cleaned our room

Best view n great place

Very very bad hilton. Absolutely nothing in the room not even a bottle of water. Stains everywhere. Terrible coffee shop. Avoid this place at all costs. One of the worst hotels ive stayed at in recent memory

Christina is awesome! Great conversation and made us feel at home while we are traveling. Highly recommend.

I was working here on-site for a week and the entire staff top to bottom were amazing. From engineering to reception to hospitality just an exceptionally ran hotel with very attentive and friendly staff. Would recommend to anyone starting in the area and Carlos Villafane was exceptional too. Thanks Hilton!

Sheesh Idk where to start with this review so I guess I'll start with the staff..From management down to housekeeping are lazy employees we asked for fresh towels at 10am Saturday morning and left the used towels outside the door so it was be in n out for the housekeeping now its 7pm and we still haven't received our fresh towels so I called down to the front desk after calling a 3rd time they finally answered the phone and I voiced ma issues n was told the towels would be up 10 mins later our towels were sent up n was told the used towels outside the door would be picked up now its Sunday morning and the towels are still outside the door smh we paid almost $400/a night to stay here so the room should've been spotless it was a crazy amount of dust EVERYWHERE I couldn't believe it because its no way house keeping missed that.. I wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel

The staff and rooms are really nice.. The breakfast.... You better skip it...
It's the only thing that's doesn't match..

Disappointed.. a favorite spot changing. Lobby is solid and  Yes the rooms are a bit dated but now they  smell little musty. The room curtains look worn and not fresh. The Ceiling had a medium size yellow/brown water spot and oddly the bathroom was missing the small basics. The room ( higher floor) was obviously not cleaned - sheets, duvet and mattress pad were stained. The sheet didn’t appear crisp/ fresh. I went to the lobby to get new sheets from security; clearly a difference. HVAC was musty and there was so much dust!!! Like really a lot. The entire package is a shame.
At check in she was quick to announce that “housekeeping is gone  and I’m here by myself”. It was Thanksgiving night and they were clearly understaffed but at least provide a clean room. I could handle waiting 1hr for a slice of cake at the bar ( that had 4 customers )
Please do better Hilton- it can be great again

just Passed Through the Aromas and Lobby was nice and Every one was pleasant.

Spent an absolutely brilliant 3-day, 2-night vacation with the good people of the Hilton’s Night Shift.

A retired soldier, I am awake at nights… Chuck Daugherty set the tone. An amazing man, a thriving intellect and someone I hope to see again one day. Cheryl… she is not a manager, but you’d never convince me she isn’t already overqualified. And my Marine Corps brother from another Land Component Command mother… I apologize but we met just the once and for a short time… maybe next time I can buy you a drink and we can swap war-stories… (read, commiserate over those no longer with us… there are never any war-stories, just drinks, quiet tears, and the occasional chest-thumping… because it is expected.)

On other fronts, I enjoyed my time at PAX Unplugged and the Hilton’s preparation for the 250th Anniversary Marine Corps ball they held the night I left… none of their pictures accompanies post.

And finally, the last photo, Season’s Greetings from The Big J… the Battleship New Jersey. You can see that she is highlighted in Green to honor the many Marines who served and were lost aboard her, during the days before the Marine Corps ball…

…of course, my favorite nickname for here is THE BLACK DRAGON, on account of her Type XXI camouflage during WW2, and the often cited and unusual brightness of her torn propellant charges being expelled into the Night’s Sky and conjuring to burnBRIGHT, hence Dragon Fire, hence BLACK DRAGON.

Besides, BLACK DRAGON is so much better to me, than “Big J.” We already have Big E and Big T… it is a mark of distinction to the New Jersey that her nickname FIRES more than just the imagination.

Stayed here recently while in town for the Eagles game—good location, not too far from the Lincoln Financial Field/Live! Casino and there’s a self-park garage.  Did the mobile check-in which was easy—my room ended up being ready a bit early too! Bellman was great, helped us with our bags upstairs.  Love the extra security measure to use the elevator (need physical or mobile key card to access the elevators to go up to the rooms).  Lobby is spacious, lots of seating if you want to hang around—there’s also a restaurant/bar, snack store and market/coffee store all by the lobby.

Got a King Bedroom with the Benjamin Franklin Bridge view—not the greatest view because there was construction below and also was quite loud in the morning.  Room was okay—bed was comfy, had a fridge and bathroom was clean. However, the desk was sticky like the cleaning solution made the desk sticky and oily.  Disappointed that our safe was not working properly—an engineer came up to try to fix it but couldn’t—offered us a different room with a working safe, but at that point we were all ready settled into the current room.  Service was pretty good—staff communicated with me via texts and was very responsive.

Room N/A Worked an event

Great location. Must be the reason for lackluster efforts at service. I appreciated a few individuals who clearly had pride in their work but the overall vibe seemed to be "do at little as you can, as infrequent as possible".

I ended up deciding to stay in town longer, but couldnt get anyone to take my money. I kept being told to go online to extend it. I offered to simplify things and relocate to another room and they told me they don't accept walk ins...

Guess I'll drive to another hotel. Smh.

Bathroom had no vent so expect wet. Room was acceptable. We lucked out on the view. Drinks are over priced but the bartender is not an amateur and you will be taken care of. Menu is eh. Bathrooms are hard to come by. Coffee is priced like they draw lotus leaves in the foam but it's a hotel coffee bar so expect a machine to do the work.

Props to valet service. Those folks were on point. One gentleman at the lobby desk was great but the following night I was treated like I interrupted a personal phone call with a woman who was there to do something (I'm sure) but I couldn't quite figure out what.

The hotel has past it's best days and is very tired old and falling to bits.  My bathroom didn't have any functional blinds and there was someone doing repairs in the room above and inhad to call before the stopped the workmen.
The front desk lady was pretty abrupt and the bar lady didn't know how to pour a lager without there being half a glass of foam on top.
The redeeming feature was the Moshulu ship restaurant boat moored outside.

Food was great but one thing I strictly ask for my order was if this was wild salmon, I’ll eat it. If not then please let me know and the guy said yeah it is wild Salmon but when he came in, it wasn’t so clearly The Guy had no clue but that’s fine. Food is food. I’ll take it when I’m hungry.

The views were amazing! What a historic location! The girls at the front desk were short with me and were not familiar with the option to upgrade to "higher rooms" on the Hilton website. Also the valet came up to me and said he needed my keys when I parked - had no Hilton ID on him - very awkward, oh and the pool is only 3-4 ft deep lol

They "overbooked" and cancelled my reservation, as a Gold status member, 36 hours prior to arrival. This is terrible service, and would not recommend this property for such poor planning.

Charged $57 for approx 12 hours of overnight parking.

Lovely young woman in Ellis’s coffee Bar.. I asked her for a tip jar and she put one out, the next time I was there, it was gone and when I asked about it, she said her Manager weren’t wouldn’t allow a tip jar … REALLY!!!! A travesty…
Also, didn’t have towels until 10:00 pm until we asked twice!!
Thermostat didn’t work !!! Not happy !!
The rest of the front staff were lovely but not aware of local amenities or how to manage local transport… not ok

There is no microwave… the fridge isn’t large enough for a doggie bag from the restaurant??  Really???

Beautiful views, charming decor, and great service at the restaurant. My server, Christina, was a delight. She was very attentive and personable. I had the Penne ala Vodka and added the grilled shrimp (as suggested by Christina), it was delicious with just the right amount of spice!

I am very disappointed with my stay at this hotel. I waited over an hour and a half for a comforter, and after several calls to the front desk, I was met with an irritated response and eventually had to go downstairs to get it myself.
Then, at midnight, there were drilling noises, making it impossible to rest.
The room condition is also far below Hilton standards (torn shower curtain, damaged furniture paont, no sound insulation).
Overall, this stay has been extremely frustrating, and I am concerned about the rest of my stay.

Parking for one hour was charged 32 dollars. This is a disgusting business practice.

Positive: front desk is ok, but housekeeping is terrible. Negative: housekeeping. the room was very dirty, they don't change sheets and make bed.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Location Negative: Parking fees were very high

Was informed we would have a balcony when we reserved the room the Hilton doesn't have balconies. No microwaves in room parking is atrocious. Restaurant doesn't have much of a selection on the menu. Can't find ice machines, pool and sauna is supposedly here somewhere but it's not posted anywhere I'll have to walk around and try to find it. No room servyno free breakfast.

Christina did a good job. Made sure our food was prepared exactly as we requested, with special instructions.

Room with a nice view but make sure you get your receipt. I have been unsuccessful in receiving a refund when being overcharged for Advil by $100. I've called several times to rectify and I had been assured that the refund is on the way. I've given up getting my money back.

Kudos and thanks to Antoine and the kitchen for dinner tonight!

Great spot for biz travel, especially if someone else is paying :)

I started off liking this place because they have cute view. I’m writing this review at 11:43 pm because this what time that the Hilton has decided is an appropriate time to clean rooms. It’s one thing if it’s another guest being  loud keeping other guests up, it’s a bit out of their control, but it’s something completely different when the hotel is the one causing the disruption. I called down to the front desk to ask them to have it stop but nothing was done. So I had to put clothes on and go down to the front desk and again nothing stopped. They went from the room next to me to the room on the other side, and then to top it off, the floor above. Not only were they vacuuming and moving beds (which is to be expected with cleaning )  but they were talking very loud on speaker phone and/or playing music. It’s blatant that they don’t give care if their guests get sleep.

Located near the river. Nice views, and a long trail along the river.

We really enjoyed our stay. We had a corner room. The view was amazing.

Great Place to stay !!

Parking here is a nightmare, have a monthly parking and the employees told me the manager was out of the office for months (he said he was only gone for 2 weeks) and he’s the only one that can fix passes. My pass was deactivated while paying for 2 months which led me to being late to a family members funeral. I asked 3 times in person to fix it no one fixed it. I cancelled my membership and came back a month ago and they told me I have a $900 balance while I was physically paying to leave the garage every time. Insanely big scam would not stay here again.

Didn’t like that the room had a leaking sink water was all over the floor. I slipped and fell front desk only wanted to offer me. I think it was 15,000 points which it’s crap but I don’t think I’ll be staying there anymore

Staff and service are the best

Shabby but not chic. Possibly a great view of the river but hard to tell given the windows are so dirty. No shampoo in the bathroom, no house keeping and the a/c makes noise but does little else.

Air conditioning needs to be updated dramatically.  Couldn't get room temp below 72 no matter what thermostat said. Other than that, it's a great hotel with great views

As expected, Hilton Philadelphia is an exceptional place

Two stars (1 for the location and 1 for the service). All of the staff was very pleasant and helpful from check in to check out. I had an issue with my room the first night (see pics) and they took care of it immediately. The rest of my experience however…the food was mediocre at best. The rooms were so old and decrepit I can’t believe there’s any pride in welcoming guests to stay in that place. The fitness center had a sauna which was great, but half the machines were unusable/broken. My stay was for a conference, otherwise there’s no way I would consider staying there and would’ve arranged to go elsewhere. This location was bad enough to make me swear off Hilton as a brand altogether. You simply cannot justify that expensive rate for rooms with stains on EVERYTHING (lamp shades, mirrors, floors, bedding). There were holes and tears in the carpet. Nothing in the bathroom besides tissues and a hairdryer. It’s 2025 you can’t offer a shower cap and make up remover wipe?? I almost cried when the shower curtain touched me. How unsanitary. Fridge but no microwave so you can’t even keep your leftovers from the restaurants— which there are plenty in walking distance. (The hotel restaurant is a disappointment.) I didn’t even have a *clock* in my room! Even motels have clocks. There was an incessant drip from the HVAC that happened even when the heat/ac were turned completely off. Didn’t make for the greatest sleep. The bedding was horrendous. I happened to catch a glimpse of the duvet in the sunlight and there were old stains from who knows what all over it. It was not just my room btw. This is how most of their bedding looks. My dresser and bed were wood-rotted. Not just a chip, but wood pieces falling out all onto the floor. Do not stay here.

It was all so so bad.

Bathroom tub was in disrepair, ceiling had clearly leaked and was poorly repaired, room wasn’t cleaned during our stay and FD wouldn’t answer multiple calls (understaffed?) We had to get towels in the lobby. Staff was pleasant but this hotel seems poorly run.

Hôtel will not answer the phone. Had to call several times to adjust reservation and the operator will just hang up the phone. Was charged for a room due to the lack of service.

I went to park here for an event and it was poorly managed. It took us nearly an hour to get out of a parking garage that was small and the event was intimate.

I would suggest the business to reassess their flow of traffic during events with more cars coming and going.

I had several issues with my room, but they were quickly resolved.

Solamente he ido al restaurante, y el servicio es bastante malo. Más de 20 minutos esperando para ser atendidos, y una vez tomada la comanda, otros 20 minutos esperando solo para la bebida. Me parece muy feo para tan bonito lugar. La comida en si no está mal, pero el personal deja mucho que desear

My first experience with my first time stay was ok the room was not cleaned properly parking is to much and some of the front desk lady’s need better customer service training  but what made my stay worth the it all was Manuel the restaurant manager he was a breath of fresh air so is one of the dinner waiters he was amazing too

The last time I stayed at the Hilton Penns Landing everything went well but this time was not so pleasant with the clerks. The miscommunication about the parking left me with unauthorized charges to my debit card, after to speaking with the staff the only thing she could say is the staff was new hire and the communication was off.

Christina gave exceptional service. We came 2 nights in a row and had the pleasure of her serving us both nights!  Great burgers and excellent service!

Christina was wonderful. Excellent service. We came back several times and were fortunate to have her for a server.

Don’t second guess it. Stay here! The location is wonderful but the bartender Scott is the type to go the extra mile. We were here for my mother’s surgery and we came back 6 weeks later…and he was here. He is the kind of person that makes you want to do more GOOD in the world. Amazing people! 🥰

This hotel is absolutely amazing! Carolina Tot was exceptional, when making us feel at home. She went out of her way to make us feel comfortable and for us to enjoy our stay. Having employees like her, make a travel experience a life memorable journey! Thank you Carolina!
The rooms have amazing views, they were clean and tidy. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to enjoy Philly and have the best experience ever!!!

Have been living here for awhile( not by choice). Place is dirty. Bad housekeeping. Valet parking...I don't trust.

We had a delicious steak dinner at Keatings Rope and Anchor. Antoine was our waiter, and he was wonderful.  We had a lovely time.

Christina was a phenomenal server and the food could not have been better. Salute and cheers to the chef!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: The location and views Negative: The room itself was a bit of a disappointment. The door to the fridge was broken, hanging by one hinge. There were broken tiles in the bathroom, and it appeared that the tub finish was peeling away.

I really enjoyed my stay at the Hilton.  The room was spotless, and the staff was very welcoming and helpful.  Prices at the restaurant were decent.  Parking is attached and self or valet.  Both have a charge.  The location makes it easy to walk to historic sites or along the river.

My "go to" hotel in Philly.  Well located to walk anywhere within 10-15 minutes to experience the best of Philly.  Bar and restaurant in the hotel is excellent.

Checked in last Friday. Came into the room to find blood stains in the bathtub! They changed our room. Room was very dated and DIRTY!!!  At the hotel bar the next night we were entertained by a couple mice running around behind the bar. 750.00 for 2 nights! I would never stay there again and you should think twice before you book a room.

Very disappointing! Upon check-in, room has wired smell. Staff responded quickly and got us another room. The rooms were outdated. Shower head was clogged and broken, water was pooling in the tub, there was visible rust and dirt in the exhaust vent, cracks around the ceilings, furniture damaged and semi-functional, but dingy smell in the carpet, elevator were working at less than 50% capacity - with two wedding events happening it was a nightmare, access to garage is three elevators ride away. For the brand and cost, it’s not worth it.

This is my favorite Hilton in PA, I have stayed at a few through the years but this is number 1 for me, I stayed in the winter but harbor park caught my eye so I came back in the spring and now im there a few times a wk when the weather is nice, I really can't wait for my next stay at this hilton it really was a great  wknd when I stayed

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Good hotel Negative: ""

EDIT:  To the owner's reply - feel free to contact me as I have already reached out to you all directly via the Hilton Website and complaint center and no one has responded.
_______

I am a Diamond Hilton member and have stayed at this hotel previously without issue. However, I am posting this review because the hotel refuses to acknowledge or rectify the horrible sanitary conditions of the room.

On first glance, the hotel room was lovely with three windows on the corner facing the river. Though dated, that is not a problem.

What is a problem is absolute filthy conditions of the bathroom, towels, and linens & the staff's inability to rectify.

When I arrived, I noticed the bathroom floor was covered in bits of hair - I wiped up what I could and threw in the trash bin. The light switch had grime and brown dirt all over it - I wiped that down as well. The shower curtain was not snapped in properly as the plastic buttons were warped. When I went to shower, the shower head prayed in all directions so I decided to wipe it clean to allow water flow. What I cleaned left moldy bits, water scum, and debris coating the wash cloth. When I grabbed a towel to dry off it was stained orange. Then the second towel had hair strands woven into the fabric. The hand towel I used had weird brown / red stains. The final hand towel is what I used to dry off as it was the ONLY clean linen in the room.

I stayed for two nights and no one came to clean the room despite never putting the 'do not disturb' sign out. When I notified the front desk about ALL the issues - the gentleman was horrified at the photos! He said he would have housekeeping come to clean my room at 8pm when we left for dinner. He provided us with fresh towels but as he handed them off, he noticed the wash cloths had hairs woven into the fabric - he promptly went to get fresh ones.

We came back at 11pm and no one had come to clean the room. The next morning when we use the "fresh" towels, we found those to also have long strands of hair woven in the fabric. We used one towel for two people.

Upon checkout, we told the front desk clerk the entire saga & expressed how truly disappointed we were in the sanitary & cleanliness of our stay. She apologized but offered no compensation or even Hilton points to rectify.

Overall, the staff was kind and listened but that does not negate the overall sanitary conditions of the hotel much less their desire to rectify the issue when notified.

Ok so let me start from the beginning. When we arrived  September 24-28 at this hotel the elevators were a bit confusing but we figured it out. We were exhausted after our flight so we went to bed without checking out the room. Oh boy when we got back the next morning from breakfast we saw our room for the first time. Dust was everywhere. The app told me our room was being cleaned when we checked in. It’s was almost like they neglected dusting or the room hadn’t been touched in months. My husband bought drinks and we couldn’t put anything in the fridge. The freezer part had a huge block of ice in it. Dust was on top of the fridge, around, beside and behind. Very obvious! So we called front desk to complain. They were helpful by sending someone to clean it out. When we got back from lunch the fridge was left half cleaned. Ice was everywhere and a half block of ice was left. My husband called front desk and complained about it and complained about the amount of money we spending for 4 days and the quality not present. They offered another room however that room fridge was unacceptable because of accumulated dust and ice. So they gave us the option of checking other rooms but we thought it was worthless and decided to stay in the first room. The hotel is a bit out dated but housekeeping can make things better if they would clean it. I read the reviews but I wanted to give them the benefit of doubt because of their website and location. Housekeeping should have someone over them to check the rooms after it’s cleaned. I worked in hospitality in my 20s and there was always a lead person to check the rooms for cleanliness. This is unacceptable for Hilton. The hotel is a bit rundown but housekeeping plays a major part. The person who came to clean up the ice issue stated it. My best part was the city view on the 17 floor at night. Reading the reviews is very helpful with deciding hotels. We stayed at a few Hilton’s but this one really disappointed us. The restaurant was great!!! We ate there everyday! Good luck!

Rooms are old…but ok.

The View of the City was great.

2/4 Elevators not Working…major inconvenience. Walking down 9 flights of stairs is taxing.

The service was impeccable. Everyone was nice. If they had not been, this would not have been a good experience. Once again prove that SERVICE trumps Commodity.

A special shoutout to Cheryl…at the front desk. Amazing smile and very helpful. They were all nice and friendly.

Loved the service at the restaurant, Christina was so kind and fun! The flat bread was delicious!

Service was 10/10 by Christina
Food was excellent!!!!

Excellent service from Christina and great food. Make my drink to my liking. Excellent outdoor vibe and would come again!!

In from Galveston, TX for the fantastic XPN Music Festival. Great location because we can take the RiverLink Ferry to Wiggins Park for the music and many very good close-by breakfast spots, pubs and restaurants. Hotel room has great views. Front desk people and bar people (James) were great as well. Housekeeping sucks! One housekeeping visit in a 4 day stay; even after we left a tip for them. SO, plan on visiting the front desk for towels, coffee, coffee cups, cream and anything else normally taken care of by housekeeping; please stock up. Manager promised to credit us some points back for the housekeeping problem but never followed-through. There is a Marriott 2-3 blocks away that would be as convenient to all the Penn's Landing amenities.

Very convenient location w/ pretty views.
Much cheaper if you park at one of the two lots on either side of the hotel. One downfall was you can hear a lot from inside your room.
Lots to do near by, very nice pool & gym area w/ pretty views.
Nice place to stay and take the ferry across from concerts at freedom mortgage

Not the worst hotel the world but easily the most disappointing Hilton I've stayed. The room was nice and clean and the staff was friendly. But the bed was rock hard for me and every bathroom fixture had some kind of issue. The sink had a constant drip/leak, the toilet handle was broken and the shower made a really bad rattle when turned on.  And the construction by the parking garage made getting in /out a bit of a hassle. Usually don't have too many issues at Hilton hotels but this one definitely needs some TLC.

Called in for coffee on Monday as the majority of outlets in the area were closed. Lovely coffee shopwith friendly/helpful staff. Good  coffee and selection of cookies/cakes and cold drinks available. Sitting area available in the coffee shop which is available for general public use.
Would recommend.

This is a gross hotel.  It’s really dirty and worn down.  The rooms are so in need of basic updating—chipped bath tubs, tile grout is black.  Staff is just apathetic.  Rooms are perpetually humid.  Two elevators not working.  Ugh.  So many better options.

Horrible service, no one willing to help out. Will never return.

Family trip to Philly and we only stayed one night. This hotel is in walking distance to a lot of shops and restaurants in Philly. Easy to get in and out of. There is a coffee shop inside which was a nice feature! Rooms were large and beds comfy

Positive: A little loud outside the hotel Negative: ""

Christina is the absolute best. I came in exhausted looking for something to eat late - right before they closed. She received me with open arms and warmth ensuring that I knew what was amazing on the menu. I returned for dinner a second day because of her. She is hospitable and lovely, patient and friendly and most importantly attentive. I recommend you ask for her section when you come for an outstanding experience!!

This was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. I arrived in my room and the carpet was dirty with crumbs and small debris, the sink wasn’t draining, and there was food waste in the garbage can. Room obviously hadn’t been fully cleaned. Went down and asked for a room change. Next room was better but the toilet wasn’t flushing. Repair person came fairly quickly, but a very disappointing experience. Also worth noting I was with a group and at least 6 others had complaints of cleanliness, many had no hot water for the better part of their two day stay. One elevator was down so service was super slow. Finally, the water refill station kept running out and we waited for over thirty minutes and eventually just gave up. Would not recommend anyone stay here and deeply sceptical about future Hilton stays.

The location was convenient for transferring to and from the airport, and being picked up by a colleague for work. The city was also easily walkable from here.

However, my welcome during check-in - although friendly - was unfocused, with staff distracted by the needs of other guests. The room was comfortable enough but the walls seemed paper-thin, with the conversations of other guests and noise from the outdoor A/C units clearly audible much of the time. The room was also in need of repairs and deeper cleaning, with some damaged fixtures, staining on the walls and curtain pulls, and visible dust and debris on the carpets and bath tub.

Unfortunately, on my last morning, there was no hot water and then the water ran brown, so I was unable to have a shower. I expect this is the reason that I was not asked how my stay was during check-out, and when I did question the water issues there was no real apology given - only an excuse that the city had been doing some plumbing works. While I appreciate that the water issues may have not been caused through any fault of the hotel (although I’ve since seen at least one other review about no hot water from ~2 months’ before my stay, so perhaps there is an inherent issue with the hotel’s own water system), an apology and even a small goodwill gesture would have gone a long way to have shown that this hotel really cared for its guests.

I was very disappointed with my recent stay at this Hilton. Our room had an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke that came through the vents. It wasn’t just faint—it was strong enough that it got into our clothes and made the whole stay uncomfortable. For a hotel that is supposed to be smoke-free, this was unacceptable.

On top of that, the noise level was terrible. Even though we were on the 12th floor, we could still hear loud street noise and other disturbances throughout the night. I had expected a peaceful, comfortable stay, but instead it was one of the noisiest hotel experiences I’ve had.

For the price and Hilton’s reputation, this was a huge letdown. I hope management takes steps to address these issues, because right now I couldn’t recommend staying here.

I saw blood on bedding. hskpg manager: confirmed bedbugs&say:dont worry,lndry is done out of bldg,its old blood. me:y after washing, y still remains?I don't wanna bring bedbugs home?can u do a credit on bill? he: ask @desk. hair all over flr/towels. furn old,didnt use tub (rusty)finger prints,dusty dirty -entire rm. air vents moldy. afraid 2 get sick by catching something! was told manager may discount bill.guess wat?NO &no talk2 him!  points were only choice.asked 2 change rm.ans: none avail.   WARNING   do not book OVERPRICED  & no decor or classy environment   2bad Hilton        outside would have been cleaner 2 sleep on sidewalk. bkfst 25.00 cold.NO soap bthrm. RUN

Positive: location, view , breakfast Negative: dirty bathtub and shower cortain

I have stayed at Hilton chain hotels for years! I accidentally booked a one night stay for the night prior to planned night. No consideration for such a mistake, didn’t even realize the mistake until I was emailed my receipt as I was on my way to check in! I will never stay at any of these hotels again. No one is perfect and everyone makes mistakes. Would not switch my night or refund any money. They stated a no-show still gets charged.

Hilton with great waterfront views and walking paths. Bright and clean hotel facilities, although slightly dated. On-site restaurant offers a full bar.

The room was bright, clean, and spacious, with a great waterfront view. Bed was comfortable for my overnight stay.

Self-parking / valet parking fees can be high especially if staying for multiple evenings. As of 9/2025, construction barriers make the parking entrance a little trickier to find at night. One of four elevators were out of service, but it did not affect wait times during my stay.

The hotel is located in a great area, many amenities and nice staff!

As of 9/8/25 , be advised there is construction going on directly to North of hotel. They are pounding pylons into the Earth and they start at 8AM.

Stayed 4 nights on 10th floor. Great view of Benjamin Franklin bridge. Had no maid service the first 2 days.  Had no hot water the last 2 days.

Pretzel pieces in the lobby were tasty.

Christina was our waitress and she was exceptionally good!!!

Great food!!

The restaurant is absolutely amazing. Christina was our server and she went above and beyond. She gave us the option of moving tables when things slowed down, plus she was super fun!
We went to other restaurants in the area, but this was BY FAR our favorite! ❤️

Christina rocks!

Christiana was very friendly and helped me pick out the best drink ever! She also offered free tour advice. One of the best experiences in a long time!!! Highly recommend you ask specifically for her!!

Christina recommended the special and it was amazing. She made our night. We had a lot of laughs. And the chicken marsala was amazing. Well be back tomorrow night.

Christina was our server at Hilton Pennslanding. She was a delight.  Food and hospitality was great. We will be back.

We requested an early check in, & still had to wait a long time. Bad enough they just recommend you to keep coming up to the desk and repeating your name to see if your room is available. Instead of taking your name when it becomes available. Our AC hardly worked and it was hot in the room. We had a great view but not worth the price. Our blankets were filthy!! You couldn’t notice at first but we had the curtains open and the sun shined right through and showed all the dirt. Below is a picture. Also no information on the hotel saying you need to request house keeping or any menus of their restaurants. When we got in the room we hardly had any soap/shampoo/conditioner in the dispensers. Hilton has gone down hill. When checking out front desk didn’t ask how our stay was. No mention of being a hiltons rewards member.

Christina was amazing, so friendly and very personable. She was very accommodating and attentive, making sure we had everything we needed. Thank you so much!

I stayed here September 2nd and 3rd in 2025 for work. The hotel isn't esthetically pleasing, for me anyways. There are only 4 elevators for the whole hotel and at least one of them didn't work. They are slow and small. During times of high demand, expect to wait. The Ballroom floor with the meeting rooms was nice, however, the bathroom was to small for the demand, rarely cleaned and stocked. Plus some of the stall doors didn't lock. Rooms were a good size, reasonably clean, but out dated. The bathroom was a tub and curtain shower. My view was lack luster, from the 7th floor. It was for work, so it was functional. If I was traveling for leisure, I would explore other options.

View was amazing. Location was amazing. HOWEVER,  the room itself was poor. Especially for my toddler/family. We typically do a weekend stay once a year, but I’m afraid this will be our final year staying here. I was very concerned for that opening in the ceiling with all the recent news on implanted cameras. As a mother this was concerning.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Christina was my server in the restaurant and did a great job from beginning to end.  Thank you!

It was the best experience I had when on vacation, if your a business user of the internet 150/150 up and down. Thank god it had amazing  internet, the bed was so comfortable,  and it was an easy walk to everything in the area. The staff was awesome,  parking was expensive but the vehicle was safe.

Beautiful views of the city. Friendly staff and surroundings.  Good drinks and food on site. Lots of exciting things to do within walking distance.  On of the best breakfast we've ever had at a local egg shop within 2 minute walk. Check it out.

The property appears to be in serious need of maintenance, and it does not reflect the usual Hilton standards I’ve experienced elsewhere. Unfortunately, I cannot recommend staying here.

We hosted a large-scale event at Hilton Penn’s Landing and expected a professional experience, but it was extremely disappointing. During our stay, one of our guests had their laptop stolen by an overnight desk manager, and the hotel also allowed another client to walk away with hundreds of dollars worth of our event materials.

When we tried to recover the laptop, management was hostile and argumentative instead of helpful. They were also slow to respond to our outreach and only addressed the situation after significant pressure from us. Now, as we follow up about reimbursement for our losses — over $1,000 in damages — Hilton has stopped responding entirely and is ghosting us.

This level of unprofessionalism, lack of accountability, and poor customer care is unacceptable, especially from a major hotel brand. If you’re considering hosting an event here, be cautious — if something goes wrong, you may be left on your own.

DISASTROUS! AVOID! First night another guest walked into my room while I was sleeping. Turns out that despite seeing my passport I had been misidentified by the receptionist and placed in someone else's room. Room was not waterfront as I paid for in the end either. After this ordeal, I only got a few hours of sleep. Second night I was sleeping when fire alarm went off at 11:30pm SCREAMING to stay put in the room. It lasted 2 minutes, then stopped. Then again after 10minutes an announcement was made that it was but a false alarm. I was so traumatized and on an adrenaline rush I couldn't sleep until well into the night. Then wifi crashed for the rest of the night. Third evening multiple false alarms disturbed the peace. Cherry on top is they cut off all water in the evening well through the next morning. This is outrageous altogether, considering the price paid per night, the ludicrous price of parking, AND the lack of an included breakfast ?? True price gouging.
Room are outdated and toiletries are non-existant, bottles are all empty, how is this not checked by housekeeping? Room smells of faint cigarette and feels damp...  This place is totally not Hilton standard, and is a disgrace to the name. Would not recommend at all. I don't even want to know what is waiting for me for the rest of my stay.

The location of this Hilton is great.  It was close to most places we were going to, and it is right on the river.  The pool was also nice.  Other than the location and pool, this Hilton is terrible.  I am a Hilton member and after our stay here and a Hilton in Massachusetts, I have cancelled our upcoming stays at Hilton Hotels and booked with different hotel companies.  We were here for four nights and five days.  Our room was never cleaned.  We ran out of towels and when I went to call the front desk, I realized our phone didn't work.  When I went downstairs to ask for more towels from the front desk and about housekeeping, there was a line that I waited in for 15 minutes and it didn't move at all.  I most likely would have been in line for over an hour.  I had to resort to taking towels from the pool area so we had enough towels to use after taking a shower.  Parking in the parking garage was a nightmare and full on some days, so I had to pay extra money to use the valet service.  Our key card never populated to work through the app and the physical key cards did not work in all of the elevators.  One of the four elevators was completely out of service.  Another elevator never accepted our key card, so we were unable to use that.  The lines for these elevators were extremely long, and it was awful getting to the 15th floor using them.  I had two young children with me so going up and down 15 flights of stairs wasn't really an option multiple times a day.  We had two more trips this year planning to stay at a Hilton and those reservations have been cancelled and booked with other companies.  I am highly disappointed with the high cost for rooms in this hotel and the lack of service provided.  I had to resort to bagging up our garbage and putting it out in the hallway and other people staying on our floor did the same thing, so you came back to your room to see several bags of garbage lining the hallways.

Front desk so professional

Bar drinks were excellent.

Just to echo the others on here.   The staff were amazing and very helpful.   It’s an old building with lots of wear and tear in the rooms and hasn’t been kept in impeccable shape.   If you’re looking for a place to crash for a night it’s fine but don’t pay 4-star prices for it.

Rooms are very outdated.
Furniture, walls, carpet, bed are all in need of repair or replacement.
At arrival, only three of the four elevators were working. At departure, only one of the four elevators was working.
Experienced three fire alarms at the last day of our stay.
However-great location! Within walking distance to a lot of attractions.

I usually stay at the DoubleTree on Broad Street but I decided to try something new and I was not disappointed. I had a corner view room which gave you amazing views of the Delaware River, New Jersey and the Benjamin Franklin Bridge.

Bathrooms had gap in door that offered no privacy if sharing the room. Had to hold down handle entire time for toilet to flush veryyyy slowly. Mattress needed to be replaced and one of our keycards didn’t work. All this for $200+ a night? View from the 20th was nice and downstairs restaurant and bar weren’t bad

Christina was great, it was amazing food. She recommended great appetizers and entrees. The vibe was great. Definitely recommend and definitely will come back

Positive: Location Negative: Bathroom curtain had stains. Shower not clean and room curtains not clean

Positive: Friendly staff, great location, beautiful views of the river and great room. Negative: ""

Dominique was so nice and polite and helpful.
We’re here for the concert in NJ.

Had a lovely time at the restaurant, "Keating's Rope & Anchor". Christina was my server. She made my experience particularly enjoyable by being such a friendly server and giving great suggestions for foods to eat. If you're into pasta: go for the penne alla vodka!

Room smells like cigarettes and there’s dust on the bed and pillows. They moved me to a new room which was nice but I was really grossed out by the big clumps of dust on the bed and furniture.  Also there was no coffee provided for the coffee maker, which isn’t a huge deal but worth noting.

My experience at this particular Hilton falls way below expectations for what you expect from their brand/name. I arrive to check in, give my name and the girl says I don’t have anything under that name, I say that’s impossible check the spelling and please try again. She once again says I don’t have anything for you. I’m irritated at this point and say I have it right here and I show her the confirmation from booking.com. She says yeah we have problems with them all the time so you have to go call customer service, I said so there’s nothing you can do to help me? She says because the room wasn’t booked on Hilton.com and was done using booking.com there’s nothing that she can do other than tell me to call customer service. I said but this email is from Hilton and she told me to call booking.com. In absolute awe of her negligence to help me I go sit down in the lobby with the son and begin to try and locate a phone number for booking.com customer service and begin to call. After about 20 minutes on hold I see a different girl at the front desk, make my way over and say I’m here to check in and give my last name after not even talking to someone from booking.com. The girl immediately says it’s right here, can I have your drivers license and credit card so I give them to her. She then tells me that there’s a security deposit of $100 for the room and I tell her no problem. She runs my card for $100 and then asks me if I’m from Delaware to which I responded I’m from Maryland just like my drivers license in your hand. She then tells me I’m so sorry, I gave you the wrong room so give me a few minutes. After a few minutes she tells me that she has the room fixed and will need to return the $100 that she placed on the wrong room. I figured that it would get moved from the incorrect room to the correct room. She asked me for my credit card again and apologized. I’m extremely frustrated and confused because checking in is not rocket science but these girls working there are also no brain surgeons. My son and I get on the elevator and head upstairs to our room and I get a notification from my Capital One app. After we enter the room and put our bags down I looked at my phone and saw I was charged $727.14 and another $100.00 for a room that was supposed to be $527.14. Now I’m extremely frustrated and go back down to the front desk and to the same girl that charged me and said can you explain this to me? I said you charged me $100 for the wrong room and then another $727.14 for what was supposed to be $527.14. She says I have to refund the $100 which can take 5 to 7 business days depending on the bank and the other $200 is the $100 security deposit on the room for 2 nights. I told her that was not explained to me and said so you owe me back $300 now of overcharges that I now have to wait for? I told her I don’t understand how you can take the money immediately by making a mistake but can’t correct the mistake to return the money for 5 to 7 days? Her answer was that’s the company policy and it may take longer depending on your bank. I’m absolutely disgusted with this incompetence at my expense from Hilton employees that don’t deserve to be working as a grocery cashier let alone a Hilton hotel front desk. I’ve been a Hilton customer for years between Hilton hotels and Hampton Inns but after this experience I’m going to move to Marriott brands. This is absolutely unacceptable and I want my $300 back.

Andrew was our server at keating’s food was awesome too!! Thanks for having us!

Christina was amazing I am pleased with her service.

Christina is an excellent asset to Keating restaurant. Many thanks for the superior customer service ...with a beautiful smile.

Awesome view of George Washington Bridge.  19th floor.   Swimming pool is heated.

The hotel was nice but rooms were way overpriced. We had a family reunion rate which was decent, but regular rate was more than double for a king bed and bathroom. $500+, with river view.

I have to post a positive review because I almost let negative reviews keep me from a nice experience at this lovely hotel. When we checked in, everything was beautiful and checkin went smoothly. The room did not smell good and the air conditioning was not working well so they gave us a different room which was better. There is a nice walkway along the river which we enjoyed and then had dinner in the restaurant outside seating. The calamari was scrumptious. We swam in the warm pool and got a little exercise in. The views are amazing all around the building. The staff was responsive  when there was no hot water in the morning and that was soon fixed. Everyone was pleasant and we will be back!

Location was great, that was it.Wish I could give you zero stars. Worst run hotel Ive ever stayed at.

Let me start by saying we were a large block of rooms for my daughters wedding, bringing them lots of business. We personally had two rooms.

At initial Reservation they made 3 mistakes.

7/24 received the check in email, took 40 min. for APP to work (kept saying "Ooops, something went wrong") then would only let me choose one room.

Decided to call hotels to get it worked out. Started calling at 7 am,  all day and no answer with 3 hang ups. Finally gave up. No one answers the phone!

On check-in we asked the front desk attendant not to put us by an elevator. She said we would be down a little. You get off the elevator and the first room you see is the one she gave us, right next to the elevator. Liar or incompetent.

Received double email bills.

One of our comforters had a stain on it.

Shower didn't work correctly.

Our keys stopped working, both rooms half way through the stay. Cant use the elevator without the key.

Elevators never worked correctly. On 7/27, at check out, we waited 20 min. for an elevator, the  ones that stopped were full. We ended up taking the stairs down 9 floors. Im 67.

Our room didn't get maid service two days, both rooms

Monday 7/28. Tried calling the Hilton for an hour and a half to talk to a manager.  No one answers the phone! Talked to three Hilton customer care people. One transferred me to the hotel where no one answered, I told her not to tranfser me. The next one the call dropped and the third one said she couldn't hear me after a fifteen min. conversation. and hung up.

Only decent person was the bartender Sarah on 7/24, Thursday night.

Hotel manager should be fired. The operator, if there is one, should be fired. Half the Front desk and house service staff should be replaced.

We had wedding guests stay at the Wyndham around the corner. It was cheaper and much better service.

BTW I am a Hilton Member, they can take that membership and shove it.

BTW based on the response below I did reach out and the manager could have cared less and offered me some Hilton Points, wow, what a lack of effort.

Excellent location for lodging, clean, upscale, near historic section of Philadelphia!  A great hotel and it's in a waterfront location on the Delaware River! The staff are FRIENDLY and very professional.

The bathrooms are dirty, the showers aren’t good and the cleaning could use improvement. We found towels with hair all over them and dirty towels in the bathroom that were never picked up or cleaned

Christina was excellent and we had a great time

Christina !!!!
She was very nice , friendly and Personable !! Thank you for the great experience!

Christina our waitress  was excellent ..so friendly so philly..food was excellent..great service definitely will be back

Christina at Rope and Anchor was our server and very friendly. Salmon was great and I really enjoyed the risotto. Great ambiance and river front views.

We dined 2 nights. Christina took good care of us. :)

Good location and lovely staff helps to make up for a fairly rundown property.

The staff here deserves a 10/5, especially the young women who were checking folks in and the female night auditor. The service they gave was nothing short of impeccable and what I expect from a Hilton property.

The location was fine, the $55!per day to park in the large parking structure was criminal.

The on-site coffee shop was cheap and good.

My major issues came with the rooms. We stayed in an 8th floor room and for the entirety of the stay the room was very hot and the air con barely made a difference. The elevators were very slow. The toilet made a very loud noise intermittently.

The room was clean on first glance but the carpets were very dirty, the shower curtain had mold and no one serviced our rooms during our three night stay even after we asked a housekeeping staff member. We resorted to taking clean bath towels from the pool since no one replaced ours.

The pool facility was really nice but on the third day the whole area smelled terrible. We also saw a child urinate into a potted plant.

I wouldn’t stay here again but the front desk staff was really really helpful and awesome.

5 Stars – Excellent Stay!
Had a great stay at this Hilton location. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, making me feel welcome from the moment I arrived. The room was spotless, the bed was super comfortable, and the pillows were perfect. If I’m ever in Philly again, this is definitely where I’ll be staying. Thank you for a great experience!

El hotel está en muy buena ubicación y el lugar es muy bonito y acogedor,  las habitaciones aparentemente se miran limpias, pero no las limpian bien completamente,  a mi bebe se le callo algo bajo el espaldar de la cama y cuando movi la cama para sacarlo, encontré muy sucio, tambien cuando bajamos al restaurante para cenar paso una enorme rata corriendo y eso nos dio mucho asco, así que el servicio de limpieza no es el mejor

Positive: The location off of the Delaware River & ferry nearby to get to the Freedom Mortgage Pavilion in Camden, NJ for the Dave Matthews Band . Negative: I could hear the cars from the 16th floor off of the highway & the air conditioning wasn’t working properly the last night I stayed.

Wonderful staff! Shout out to Randall at the front desk! Room is very clean and comfortable. Here to see The Weeknd at the Linc! GO PHILS!

I wanted to give this a 3 Star rating but Google says 3 Stars is just OK, and this stay was not OK.

First, our room, 718, was on the street side. Friday and Saturday night, from six until midnight, it sounded like there was street racing going on. We watched out the window as car after car raced away from the stoplight. We think they were cruising a loop because several unique cars and motorcycles seemed to race multiple times. It was really annoying, but at least it died down around midnight.

Second, the elevators were having issues. One of the four was out of service, and the other three were stopping at random floors and just going up and down between the higher floors. Waiting for an elevator took so long that some of the cleaning staff was taking pity on the guests and directing them to the service elevators. To make matters worse, there was a big family reunion going on so the hotel was really busy. Waiting 15 minutes to get on an elevator in the lobby was not unusual.

Third, when checking out we found multiple incorrect charges on our bill. That took a while to get resolved.

Finally, we valet parked, and when checking out our car arrived and it was dirty. It looked like a drain pipe leaked on it. The valet attendant just shrugged it off, saying oh well. When paying $67 per day for parking I think you should expect better.

This was a 4 star hotel but a 2 star experience.

The location is by the bay, the rooms are beautiful, the service is excellent and
it has lots of restaurants near by and live music. I really recommended

I check in and was moved to  two rooms and both rooms had black mold on the bathroom walls in the shower i felt so uncomfortable i check right back out and had to check in Home2 suites a different Hilton hotel, but i was refunded by corporate when I called and put in a complaint, they called me up and talk to me about the issue and apologized. Housekeeping need to do a way better job,that was my first Hilton hotel I had a problem with

Christina was very helpful and friendly, please thank her for a great experience and service!!

Nice hotel off of the river.  Staff at the restaurant are great.  Rooms are a bit dated but spacious. Indoor pool is nice if the weather doesn’t cooperate.

Location is nice. A run down hotel. Not expensive so I didn’t expect terrible. It was ok. Buffet breakfast was $20 and bad. The desk service was excellent and also the staff at doors.

Great location and excellent amenities. The service was top notch and the rooms were what you would expect from a Hilton location. There were a couple issues with our stay. First, there was an individual in Valet being very irresponsible in the parking deck driving too fast. That needs to be addressed considering the fact I was unloading my car with my 2 year old daughter. Completely unnacceptable and dangerous. Not to mention these are people who trust you with their vehicles.  I'd never valet here. Second, we checked-in and our room smelled of mildew and had a huge wet spot on the floor. This was quickly addressed and we got a new room with a better view. The staff (minus that particular valet) was excellent and cater to our needs and were very attentive especially one of the bellhops who I regret that I never caught his name. Will stay again!

Positive: Customer service was great Negative: Waterfront view was trash, it was to the right almost out of view, mostly the road i could see and construction

Royce in the Coffee shop was a dream. Helpful. Efficient. Just a great asset to this hotel!

After a late night where I booked a one night stay, I was woken up by housekeeping knocking loudly at my door at 8:30am despite checkout not being until 11am. This is far too early to be knocking on doors unless it's been confirmed that the guest has already checked out, and led to me being exhausted the rest of the day. In addition, their breakfast buffet costs an additional $20 despite the quality being that of a budget motel.

My husband and I stay here every year to attend a concert across the river. We love the location and everything there is to do right outside the hotel doors. Staff is friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and comfy. My only complaint is the air conditioning in the rooms are not cool enough in the summer. We will definitely be back next summer!

We ate dinner at the hotel restaurant and Android was  an incredible waiter.  The best service we’ve ever received at a restaurant. Our meals were incredible too.

Androu , our waiter at the restaurant was excellent!

Positive: Location Negative: The air conditioning in the room did not get cool/cold. Woke in the middle of the night to adjust it. Hair in the shower Stains on carpet

Great location to take ferry to Camden for concerts. Rooms are a little beat but the view is good, the AC is good, there's ice cold water in the lobby, fast elevators, nice stay! Great location!

Christina is the BEST. One of the most special experiences I’ve had.

We loved the Hilton, the atmosphere! The restaurant was so delicious. Our server, Christina, was amazing!

Spent 2 nights at the hotel. My wife and I had to go to a retirement event for a friend of ours in Philly. Upon arriving at the hotel was greeted by the valet personnel which were the nicest people out of the whole hotel staff personnel. Once we got inside they were only 2 staff members at the front desk and both were busy on the phone. After waiting a few minutes I indicated to the staff member that I just checked in via the hilton app and if there was anything else I needed to do in order to check in. Staff member barely answered my question and asked me if I needed a physical card key which I replied yes. As a Diamond member of hilton honors I requested a room upgrade on the hilton app approximately 2 weeks before arrival. Nothing was upgraded. It seems like the front desk doesn't care what your hilton status is, they do not even ask you. So, if you think that you will be upgraded at this hotel get that thought out of your mind. It won't happen.  We had dinner at Keatings Rope & Anchor Restaurant on premises. Food was delicious. Service not so much. Rude staff at the restaurant. Parking garage was included in my room reservation. I only panicked Friday night. Upon returning to the hotel from the retirement event in Philly, the parking garage had signs all over the place indicating that the garage parking was full. I then went to the valet parking in front of the hotel and he asked me if I was staying at the hotel, then indicated to me to bypass the garage parking lot full signs and to open the garage gate with my room key and to proceed inside. I was then able to find a parking spot open. Hotel location is excellent. Places nearby are walkable no need to drive. Hotel view was the best from a high floor. It seems that most of the staff (employed) by the hotel are all local people who reside in Philly. Most of the staff can't make a difference between a hospitality job and back on the block. Some are rude and talk to you like they were back on the block. No real concern for the customer's need. They just do the bare minimum not to get fired from the job. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this hotel. Wasn't impressed by any means. This is definitely not the Hilton Experience you are looking for.

The location is advantageous, with convenient access to key areas; we highly recommend it.

Antwan was an amazing waiter. Very attentive. Food was delicious. Views were spectacular.

Loved this hotel. Hot tip: look up the maps for the 21 and 42 buses if you want to get around in Philly from here. (They should give out bus schedules at the front desk, really.) Room was large and clean. Bed was very comfortable. Pillows were great!

Probably the best part was being able to look out the window down onto the riverfront. Really beautiful, especially in the summertime.

If I have one complaint, it's that they left the minimum number of towels in the room (2 bath, 2 washcloths, 2 hand towels), which doesn't allow for eventualities like needing an extra towel to dry your hair.

Staff and location was amazing. But I was told ten days to get back my incidentals deposit of 245 dollars which is absolute garbage. It was taken out of my account and even though my receipt says credited, they told it’ll take 10 days to receive back. What a joke of a company the Hilton is. As for this “it’s released immediately at Checkout excuse” that is a lie, I have been in contact with my bank everyday and nothing was released, when I called Hilton they said next Wednesday and here we are and it’s not back in my account. Update : it’s been three weeks and they still won’t give me my deposit back. Had to dispute it with my bank because the Hilton took my money.

Our son and his wife stayed here. Great location, they enjoyed the pool. Elevators were slow. I'm not a fan of valet parking. The breakfast looked real good, wish we had tried it.

Positive: Centrally located to the old city and Penn’s landing. Beautiful views of the river and city from my room. Very clean and had a premium feel. Negative: ""

Christina was an awesome server!  She gave me great food recommendations.

We checked in at 2am with our four kids after reserving two queen rooms and calling ahead to confirm we’d get adjoining rooms. We were told it would be no problem.

When we arrived, we were given two rooms next to each other—not adjoining. Worse, when we opened one of the rooms, there were already people inside. We were stunned and felt completely unsafe. The staff offered no real apology or meaningful resolution.

This was a major failure in both hospitality and security, and it’s not what we expect from a Hilton. Disappointed and unsettled by the entire experience.

Positive: The riverfront walk and old ships to see. Negative: Nope

Our room had a bathroom that was pretty nasty. I don't blame housekeeping. I blame maintenance. Broken tile, grout that probably carries the DNA from past guests via embedded mold and decor that's as tired as an 80's sitcom set. Unfortunately, none of us wanted to use the bathroom unless absolutely necessary. I thought, Hilton was an astute brand until visiting this Hilton hotel.

The hotel is older but well kept and in an excellent location.  Staff were friendly and looked quite professional.  The room was ready on arrival but could have used a little more attention in the cleanliness department.

Be prepared to pay an outrageous amount for parking. The hotel will charge you, and then the parking garage will also charge you. Triple digits for parking overnight.

The rooms have thin walls. You can hear when your neighbors are talking, or when they're running water. Also, don't expect to sleep when there's an event going on at Penn's Landing...which is nearly constant. The hotel does little to mitigate the noise.

Lastly, good luck trying to reach the hotel for a customer service issue. They will leave you on hold until the heat death of the universe, and ignore you.

James is the best. We were part of a wedding party that takes place tomorrow and we were all here. The service was impressive and incredibly fast for how busy it was. He was on his own and kept us all taken care of on a Friday night none the less.

James was the best bartender we have ever had. Rocked an absolute packed bar. Ask for him when you come in he will get you right every time!

We enjoyed a lovely dinner at the Rope & Anchor. Our drinks arrived promptly. Then, we shared a delicious Philly flatbread and a Cobb Salad. Our waitress, Christine, took great care of us! She was pleasant and attentive. We watched her hustle to serve tables inside and outside as well. I would ask for her to serve us again. Very nice experience.

Christina in the restaurant  was so amazing, great recommendation, very knowledgeable about the menu, very fast and efficient, highly recommended coming here!

Royce did a great job! Very good customer service!!!

Parking lot elevator out of service. One elevator in the hotel working. They saying parking costs 45 it’s really 56$. Very old and outdated. Called and asked about it I was hung up on by a rude nasty person. Avoid this place at all costs lol holy moly

Woke up to the sound of bells ringing outside my door for 10 minutes non stop last night.

Terrible experience. I was trying to sleep and an old man wearing all red kept banging on my door really loudly and laughing. This was very disturbing because it was about 2:30am. He also was saying merry Christmas even know it was June. This went on for about 45 minutes until he gave up and went to the next door. I will never stay in this place again. I could not sleep because I was scared the rest of the night. I even got a picture of the man through the peephole. Not to mention that there was old food in the refrigerator.

Christina is an amazing waitress.  I travel often to their hotel and she is always such a great.  She remembers me and makes me feel at home even if it is for work.  Her love for Disney is infectious.

Christina, was a great help with choosing to eat . I had the roasted chicken based on her Recommendation and it was really good. She Suggestions to try during the rest of my stay

Stayed over the 4th of July weekend. Great location, you can walk to the many historical sites. The rooms are aged but well kept. The hotel doesn't make an effort to offer guests bottled water. Bring your own water. My room was in the 16th floor. They only have 4 elevators. If you're staying on the 5th floor or higher you'll be stopping every other floor.

Parking garage very expensive

Stayed with my wife about two weeks ago during heat wave. Arrived at the hotel early and was allowed to check in early. Receptionist were great and were quick to offer us water. At first glance, the room seemed ok with just being a bit dirty and dated. Went out and was able to walk everywhere. Had a blast. Once we returned we realized how disgusting everything was. Tub wasn't cleaned. Black mold scattered around. There was hair everywhere...u should at least do a quick wipe down. I mean it was really bad. Pubic hair all over the place. Hair stuck to the walls and bathroom door. Our rug obviously wasn't vacuumed. Also the rug in the hall. Towels were threadbare. No soap- told reception and they said they would bring some up. Never did. Stains on sheets. The hotel is in a great location and easy to get to. Parking is 45 which is competitive for this area. You can save a little if you put your car in a nearby lot. My wife felt nauseous by the second day and I really do think it was the room hygiene. I would recommend bringing Clorox wipes at the very least and perhaps your own sheets. Great place to jog in the morning. I used points to stay here but would have been outraged if I actually spent money on the room. I'm a business traveler and have stayed in hotels all over the world. This is not a Hilton

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We had supper in the Rope and Anchor. The Maitre d’ was extremely friendly and stopped by our table to be sure we were well taken care of. We were! Dominique was perfect! She brought our granddaughter exactly what she wished for and our meals were also both excellent!! Thank you for making our Philadelphia stay ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

We had a light dinner after a long day of sightseeing at the hotel restaurant. Killer clam chowder, great wings, and Christina, our waitress was very personable and charming.

Positive: Location/view Negative: The bathroom was lacking. Rust stains, damaged tile, towels were on rack that was not really clean.…

Horrible experience, i have a reservation for 1 night stay and I called to confirm but they said they can not find my information or any reservation under my name, which is so unprofessional because I provide all information yet they are not helping!
Beautiful location but the people are not helpful!

Worst hotel I've ever stayed in! 😠🏨 #HotelReview #TravelFail

Christina from Rope & Anchor  restaurant was so sweet! I had the best blackened salmon of my life! Not to mention the glass of Reisling Chateau Michelle! The Hilton is my favorite place to stay. Ask for a room on 19th floor as the view of Penn’s Landing is breathtaking!

Horrible check in experience with Clifvonne, she was rude and unprofessional. She wouldn’t even address me directly she kept walking behind the young man assisting me whispering things but wouldn’t help. She was pretty upset that I booked using Expedia. And wouldn’t allow me to use a digital key “because I booked using a third party site”. Mind you, it totally worked. She was just negative and unprofessional and had a nasty attitude. Additionally, when we got to our room it wasn’t cleaned. The bathroom had hair everywhere. It’s was truly disgusting. We didn’t even stay the night

Christina was a wonderful waitress and very attentive.

The restaurant was fantastic and Christina was a fabulous waitress

Christina was very conscious and checked in on me multiple times to ensure I had what I needed. Great person and great server.

Positive: Web search Negative: It was not cleaned and plumbing was clogged, coffee pot broken, hair and soap scum in shower,  empty soap and shampoo dispensers, unknown  black sticky substance all over floor

Gret view from the riverside room, which was very spacious and well appointed. All staff personnel I've encountered have been very friendly and helpful. Dined in at the Rope and Anchor on-site restaurant. (Highly recommend the salmon) Christina was my server - very friendly, attentive and quick to serve! A great experience all around!

Positive: Location. Negative: Less than attentive service. Slow to fix issues raised.

The rooms were not very clean. They need an upgrade for such a prime location. Staff was very professional and kind.

Bedroom was ok but bathroom was gross. It smelled like urine and the tub didn't drain properly. There were food crumbs and dirt on the sink surface. Perks were that it was more affordable than most hotels in Philly and it was conveniently located.

This has been the worst customer service I’ve ever experienced from a Hilton property. We received an unexpected email notifying us that our reservation had been cancelled. We immediately called the hotel—literally within a minute of receiving the email—only to be told by the front desk that the reservation was indeed cancelled and there was nothing they could do.

We had booked the room over 30 days in advance and had no idea how or why it was cancelled. Despite our efforts to explain and find a solution, we were met with repeated apologies and the same dismissive response: “There’s nothing we can do.” It’s incredibly frustrating, especially since this happened just two days before our scheduled arrival.

We’ve been loyal Hilton customers for years, but this experience has made us question the value Hilton places on its guests. When a mistake happens—whether on their end or not—there should be some effort to resolve the issue, not just a scripted apology. Sadly, this has left a lasting negative impression.

Hair on bathroom floor and shower when we arrived, stains on ceiling and carpets, disgusting carpet, musty odors, non functioning A/C, safety pins and fingernail clippings on floor…. I’m dying inside staying here…. :(
Hilton has lost its “brand”
Scary walking area as well with kids

I gave it 4 because the food was not very good. However, the staff was excellent. The bartenders were friendly & made excellent drinks. The room was very clean & it's located in a wonderful area. I will stay there the next time I'm in Philadelphia.

All the amenities were great. The location was perfect. The room was clean. Enjoyed the restaurant. The only thing was the young lady that checked us in. She was short and borderline rude.

DO NOT go to the coffee shop downstairs. Its simple hotel coffee, not an actual coffee shop even though they have tried extrmeely hard at making it appear so. The elevator situation needs to be addressed also... south west elevator will forever stop at floors 11, 10, 9 and 6 because of a glitch. Also both banks are separate which causes elevators to stop at floors that people have already gotten on the other side. It's a mess. Pool had no clean towels. If they addressed these issues I would stay here again

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Great location and wanted to like this hotel. During my stay at a conference, one elevator was broke and the others would stop—on every floor— going down. AC in room and conference room seemed to stop working adequately after day one of the conference.

I was so disappointed by this hotel. It’s best feature is the location and the views it affords: constants that the hotel doesn't have to maintain. They charge as if they are a luxury hotel. Upon arrival our digital key didn't work for the parking garage. There was someone attending at the gate who sat inside the room paying no attention as we struggled. We had to back up to clear a space to open my wheelchair ramp, I had to get out of the van in my chair, drive up to where the attendant was and yell to get her attention. She looked up, rolled her eyes and offered no help before the digital key suddenly kicked in and the gate opened. The attendant went back to looking at her phone without saying a word.
Once parked, the automatic accessible door opener did not work which was especially difficult with luggage. I told the concierge who assured me he would get it addressed. It was still not working when I checked out the next day. The concierge was kind and hardworking, but he was alone the entire time causing us to wait whenever we needed his assistance.
Once in the room, there was no hand soap. Improvising, I wanted to get shower gel to wash my hands and that bottle was empty as well. When flushing the toilet, the handle would get stuck under the tank lid. Until I figured that out, it would keep running after flushing. On the side of the bed closest to the window there is no outlet. I had to plug my CPAP into the outlet in the middle behind the bed. When doing so the amount of dust that was revealed was disgusting and made clear why the room was so stuffy and my allergies were acting up. The bathroom was set up well for accessibility and the room is large enough to navigate with a wheelchair. The room door did not open automatically and was difficult to open from a wheelchair.

Positive: Great location Negative: A bit run down. Needs renovations .Crack tiles in bathroom old carpet. You have to take 2 elevators just to get to the lobby

Christina did an amazing job serving us. The clam chowder and chicken is delicious. It’s our first night and we are looking forward to the rest of our stay.

Christina - excellent food, excellent service

We just spent the weekend here for our daughter's wedding that was held in Philadelphia. We live in Chester County so not far away. First the things we liked-the rooms were nice and roomy and clean. Housekeeping was nice and attentive. The young lady in the coffee shop who definitely could have used help was very nice and appreciated peoples patience. Parking garage ladies were also very nice.
But upon check in Friday the front desk was not properly staffed. There is space for four staff but only two were there. They seemed to be on the phone at the same time there were about ten people waiting to check in. They seemed pretty flustered. My son went to use the lobby restroom while we were waiting in line only to return to say it had a terrible order, was very dirty and an apparent kitchen worker was using the sink to sort of bathe himself. It seemed there were only two working elevators out of the four so needless to say you had quite a wait for one that had room. I would think the Hilton chain has enough experience to prepare your hotel for a busy weekend with enough staff and working elevators.

This is not a four star hotel.  It is a 2 star.  I was very disappointed.  Rooms are old.  Bathroom were old and dirty.  Elevators take a very long time, expect long waits.  You have to pay for parking and walk a while to get to room.  Pool is small and water is freezing.  I would not recommend.

A man dressed as Santa banged on my door at 3am and screamed. This disturbed my sleep and was not good. He then threw m&ms at my door and screamed ALLAH IS REAl! This was very bad it scared me because I am a dandyian and I want no more religious crap. I try to sell wiggling Willie on eBay  and they tell me about allah also so it gave me trauma from that. Never would stay here

We dined at the restaurant rope and anchor at our hotel and are waitress Christina was the best! She answered any questions on the menu and was a delight! Highly recommend

When I checked into my room there was literally a Genos Cup in my mini fridge. Not classy at all. Do better Hilton!

El hotel es un poco viejo pero todo estuvo bien, Personal amigable, desayuno muy bueno, bien ubicado, y bonita vista

The room had a couple of issues when we arrived. The sink wasn't draining correctly, and some other miner issues. But overall the hotel is very nice and was in a great location for the different places we were visiting. We will be back in September. Looking forward to eating at the restaurant 😋

I had an issue and called your number for 20 minutes
Agent always asks me to wait then disconnected my call with no useful feedback!!!

The hotel is in a fantastic location with beautiful views, but the service was extremely disappointing. When I arrived in the evening, there was only one staff member at the entrance, leading to a long wait for check-in. I noticed a coffee machine on the side, but there were no capsules available. I called the front desk and asked for some to be brought to my room, but no one ever came. It’s unfortunate that such a reputable hotel chain is being let down by poor staffing and lack of basic service.

This is one of the worst hotels I’ve ever stayed at.  I travel a lot & this is place is gross.  Do NOT stay here.

My recent stay was appalling. Despite arriving during a busy Wednesday afternoon, the immediate and most pressing issue was that our assigned room reeked of urine.
Beyond the unsanitary conditions, the receptionist/manager was incredibly rude, catty, and unaccommodating. Their disrespectful behavior was unprofessional and completely out of line for any service industry, especially an international hotel chain that prides itself on catering to business and family needs. This experience was truly tasteless, and I intend to ensure this review reaches a wide audience.
When choosing, consider which one best captures the tone and level of detail you want to convey.

We had Christina as our server in the restaurant and had such a great experience! Food was fast, tasted great, and she left us the entire water pitcher since we were so thirsty. Will definitely come back to stay here on my next trip to Philly!

Christina was great as our server at the Rope and Anchor hotel restaurant.  Meals were delicious!

The hotel itself is older, but it seemed to be well managed and maintained.  I loved the building itself, especially how it towers over the river and is so easily recognizable from afar.  Our room was overlooking the river, and our two sons loved watching the boats from our window.  The staff was super friendly and helpful, and they definitely went the extra mile to help us during our stay.  I wish they would at least offer free coffee in the lobby during the morning, but there is at least a small coffee shop to purchase drinks near the front desk.  The location is very convenient to the riverfront area, as well as restaurants and attractions in Old City.  My only minor complaint is that due to the location and the high-traffic nature of the riverfront and park just outside the hotel, it can be quite loud at times.  And, as others have mentioned, there's quite a strong marijuana smell, empty alcohol bottles, etc. due to the party atmosphere nearby.  This isn't exactly the hotel's problem, but something to be considered.  It's right next to the RiverLink ferry, which takes you over to Camden, NJ for the aquarium and stuff.  We tried to use the swimming pool, but it was freezing cold.  It was only a minor inconvenience because we found other things to do.

Christina was our waitress at Keating’s rope abc anncho. She did an amazing job! Very helpful, friendly and outstanding service!

Christina was the best ever.  She took care of us promptly and gave us excellent service.  Would recommend and will be back.  Best hotel in Philly

The restaurant food was great and Christina was very helpful.

Christina was great and very nice

As a frequent traveler to Philadelphia it was a pleasure to eat at the Rope and Anchor.  Christina made our visit so enjoyable.

Excellent Christina

We had a fantastic stay at the Hilton Philadelphia at Penn’s Landing! The location is perfect – right on the waterfront with stunning views of the river and the city skyline. It’s so easy to explore the city from here, with plenty of restaurants and attractions within walking distance.

The breakfast was excellent, with a variety of options and great quality. We loved starting our day with a delicious meal while enjoying the beautiful view from the dining area.

The staff went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable. Everyone was incredibly friendly and helpful, from the front desk team to the housekeeping staff. They made us feel truly welcome and valued.

The room was spacious, clean, and comfortable, with a fantastic view of the river and city lights at night. We also appreciated the modern amenities, including the convenient Hilton app for contactless check-in and the Digital Key feature.

Overall, this hotel exceeded our expectations. We highly recommend it for anyone visiting Philadelphia – whether for business or leisure. We will definitely be back!

I stopped by to grab a coffee and Royce was wonderful! Not just a good coffee but a very friendly welcome! If you are near the waterfront this is the place to stop by and grab a coffee at Ellis Coffee shop.

This is from my stay 6 month ago and just getting around to posting. First, let me say the view was AMAZING!!!!!
I made several calls, everyday since checking out, to the hotel and was told that the manager Ms. Anne will call me back. I still have not received a call back and I am always told that Ms. Anne is busy and will be on the phone for a long time.
Unfortunately, there was a bad smell on the bed and I requested that my sheets be changed. The maintenance man, Antonio said that he smelled it too. The sheets were changed and I realized the next day that someone vomited in the room and the smell was coming from the carpet.
Hasan from housekeeping came back and sprayed Lysol. I was ok until the next morning and the smell was worse.
I went to shower, and there was mold around the tub faucet and deterioration on the tub. I'm not sure how your staff missed that and I saw it. I took several pictures of the mold.
Mold is a health and hazardous problem I enjoy the Hilton properties, however, this was my first unpleasant experience. I will be forwarding my concerns to corporate and calling the hotel management. I should be reimbursed for my inconvenience.
I WAS EXHAUSTED FROM TRAVELING AND WAS HOPING FOR A QUIET, RELAXING AND COMFORTING CHRISTMAS AFTER A DIFFICULT PERIOD.
I didn't have the energy to pack up my items and move my room.

Very nice location. OK rooms and bathrooms. Nice bar downstairs.
Mediocre front desk for Hilton.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Dined in hotel resturant during our stay.  Our server Christina made our dining experience excellent. She was helpful with choosing our entrees and very knowledgeable about menu items.

Christina at Keating's Rope & Anchor made dinner even better. The front desk staff at the hotel were beyond helpful.

Service with Christina was wonderful! Steak and drinks were great. She was very friendly and attentive!

Christina was a terrific server.  Took good care of us at the hotel restaurant.  Great evening!

The Good, The Bad, The Ugly

I came back to my hometown of Philadelphia for a wedding.

The Good: We had a wedding rehearsal in one of their private rooms. The bartender and food server was excellent! Wish could remember their names so they can get full credit. The appetizers were excellent!
The front desk workers were good helping to accommodate us on a busy Memorial Day weekend with other weddings, etc, going on.

The Bad: Unfortunately their was a strong odor of Marijuana coming through the bathroom vents. The odor came through our room, and the adjoining suite had for the bride's dress and bridesmaids dresses. We were afraid the odor would get into the dresses. The front desk workers brought up a machine that extracted and cleans the air. (For our four night stay, we had to put up with the odor of someone smoking Marijuana and the odor seeping into the bathroom vents) Once I mentioned I'm a retired Philadelphia Police Officer, they sent security to investigate. Negative results.

The Ugly: The security were contracted beyond Hilton. The company is Allied Universal. The security officers were sloppy dressed. Pants hang down and shirts untucked. Their jackets only identified them as security officers. My family members had to use the back steps in the parking area since the elevators were running slow. One of my family members saw a homeless man sleeping in the back stairs area.

I'm not only a retired police officer, I'm a trainer for Private Protective Services in another state.. Allied Universal is one of the companies we supply training for patrol procedures and how to dress appropriately.

The three stars are for the workers who tried to accommodate us.

This is not the Hilton I know.

Hilton at Penn’s Landing disappointed me and my family tremendously! I checked out of my room and left my luggage downstairs in the hotel’s holding room.  About 5 minutes after I left the hotel, I called back to let the staff know that I left some of my personal belongings in the closet and to please get them and put them with my luggage that they were holding for me until I returned to get them. When I made it back to the hotel a few hours later, I was told that housekeeping did not see anything that I left in the closet. THAT WAS 500% NOT TRUE. The manager was notified and that conversation was horrific. The regional manager wouldn’t call me back and corporate’s response was ridiculous. I had to call the police to come to the hotel. Please DO NOT stay at this hotel if you have anything of value with you. I wish I could give them a negative five Stars.

Christina was a great server at the restaurant and the food was delicious!

We checked into our room with an overflowing toilet. Immediately called down to guest services and was told they would send somebody right up and was denied a different room. After waiting a half hour I called again and they sent somebody up with towels for ME to clean it up! After calling down a third time and still being refused a different room, they finally sent somebody up to fix it.

Christina is an extremely talented and gracious hostess. I recommend her service to all customers. She was our waitress nearly 9 months ago. When we returned, she remembered us and treated us very well.

I dined in the restaurant, Christina was my server. She was very nice and the overall experience was great.

Great location for doing the touristy stuff and concerts at Lincoln financial field. Right on the Delaware River so we had a fantastic view! Easy access to the river where there are activities, including WW2 ship and submarine that you can go on, the ferry to Camden, NJ is just a 5 minute walk, and a boardwalk that sold food. The restaurant was very nice with a large breakfast buffet. The only complaint we had was that it took 11 hrs, a phone call to the desk and 2 trips to the front desk to finally get maintenance up to unclog our toilet. Plus, our room didn't get cleaned until 6pm and they took our dirty towels but did not replace them. When i called for more towels they promptly brought 3 big towels, no hand towels or bath mat. Also, we were charged for valet parking even though we self parked and paid at the machine in the garage so check your receipts! I had to go to the desk to have it corrected. Also, I wanted to go in the pool that was advertised as heated, but it was cold and didn't go in. There was an off and on thumping from the plumbing that was annoying. The elevators stopped at every floor at times even though nobody got on or off.  We usually don't stay at Hilton because it's expensive but splurged this time. Very disappointed. Only saving grace was the amazing location!!

Nicely sized room located at Penn’s landing

Run down not the best house kept rooms. Found hairs multiple times. No soap for sink. Confusing check in where I had to tell them more about by reservation then they knew? House kept the room very late in the day (didn't think they were coming).  The location is great though. Walking distance to the historic district.  Great views of the river.

Christina in the restaurant was so helpful

Great service by Christina.

Maryanne zaki You have such a natural way of making people feel welcome 🤗 your smile, your energy, and your amazing coffee. make mornings here something to look forward to. The Hilton is lucky to have you behind the counter.

We love this hotel and everything about it! The service is fantastic! Especially the valet team and Maryann in the coffee shop!

Maryanne in the coffee shop was awesome

Lovely staff. Great rooms.

The team at the front desk - shout out Ann! - were great and got us into our room super early. The views of the city are stunning.

Not worth the price paid.

Rooms are run down. Only one elevator working out of 4. Maid service never came on a 3 day stay. We had to fetch our own towels from the desk so we ended up with three days worth piled in room. Was finally told we had to specially request service. Not clear if the sheets had been changed when we first got there (stain and the middle sheet was bunched at bottom like the comforter had just been thrown over). Toilet leaked at night and the handle looked ready to fall off. Faucet dropped. Rust stain in bath like no-one cared or bother to try to clean it.  Shower floor cracked and old.

Restaurant was pricy, but at least the service was friendly.

Given the price and the fact that this was a Hilton, we expected something a bit nicer. This place was quite outdated and rather dingy with defective elevators. We were talked down to for using a third party app (our travel card’s website) to book the room. The sign in the garage clearly stated that parking was $45 a day for self parking, but the desk insisted it was $55. The over-priced bar was not always open during their hours of operation. The people staffing the coffee bar were loudly using the speaker on their phone to watch videos while working, which gave me a headache. Finally, housekeeping seemed to put minimal effort job into our room, not even properly making the bed or changing the sheets.

Great bar service
Excellent dinner service and food. Blacken salmon was the best I ever had. Breakfast buffet was only so so.
Location was quiet, and only minutes from downtown. Nice location for jogging in the morning along the wharf. We'll lit lights for a stroll at night with boats in the background. Hotel rooms are clean, but plumbing is old and noisy. Will definitely go back again.

Positive: "" Negative: at first they give us a dirty room but I speak with front desk and they move us to another room. Completely nice the person

I have been using Hilton for over three years, but my stay here at this hotel was one of the worst I have ever had. First, the A/C was not working correctly in my room, and I reported it twice, but it was never fixed. Secondly, my door did not have the disturbing tag that said do not disturb me, and I reported it to the front desk. They told me they didn't have any more, but they told me not to worry, that no one would bother me during my stay. Every day, a housekeeper came in to clean my room. When I checked out, I complained, and the girl at the front desk told me she was sorry for the problems during my stay and would tell the manager that I would be compensated with points for my problems. Now the manager says she never knew about these problems, so they cannot give me my points, and I don't care about them. I am saying they are liars, and for being a big hotel in a good area, they honestly treated me the worst. I sincerely do not recommend this hotel.

Positive: Location Negative: The room smelled like smoke.  The only remedy was spraying air freshener, which was overly strong.  Housekeeping forgot to leave clean towels one day There was a large wedding party there and they consumed the lobby and outside which was awkward

Parking review:
55$ for 7 hours of parking? Are you ohueli tam?

Hotel was nice, a little dated but nice and I’m the room was clean. Bed was comfortable. Restaurant was amazing and the bar and bartenders were wonderful. Paid for breakfast in advance but still had to go to the front desk and wait in line to get “breakfast vouchers”. Would have been nice if they could just skip that part and look up our info at the restaurant. We didn’t have any bar soap for the bathroom sink and never got any even after asking for it to be brought up to our room. They did bring us more coffee, though. The room view was beautiful. The elevators were awful and took forever. I’m not sure what was going on, but we waited for elevators forever every time we had to go anywhere which was aggravating.

The worst Hilton property I’ve ever been at.  Don’t waste your time

Positive: The water with fruit in the lobby. Negative: The extremely disturbing construction outside of my windows after paying $---- per night and being refused a discount from from front desk staff.

Great location and staff were friendly.  However, the rooms were outdated and no matter how low I would put the temperature it would never get cool.  This was in April.  The rooms always stayed stuffy and on the warm side.  However, the grossest thing was looking at the down comforter in the sunlight.  Disgusting! Looks like there’s mold growing inside the comforters.  We only slept with the sheets on.  I would not stay here next time.

I booked this hotel by mistake on April 12,  it was  the wrong location so I canceled it the next day which is April 13. I have the cancelation number but I haven't receive my refund and it is now May 08.

Rooms could use an update but aside from that, great location, love the coffee and snack shop, and great bar and restaurant!

We had a big, formal event onsite,  that required  two large rooms and a smaller third floor room. The temperature in all the event areas was so hot that guests were sweating in their after five attire. The guest rooms a/c were just as bad, plus the plumbing would not drain.
To top it off , when we went to the front desk to address an issue with our room key, the attendant/Manager was rude and unhelpful.
On a positive note, the hotel looked to be under renovation, hopefully it includes a/c and staffing

Bardzo przyjemny hotel położony nad samą rzeką i bardzo blisko historycznego centrum Filadelfii. Wygodne łóżka, miła obsługa, smaczne śniadania.

This was the worst hotel experience I've had in my entire life. I'm an avid traveler for both work and fun and have stayed at hundreds of hotels with this by far, being the worst. My fiance (Now husband) and I were getting married (eloping w/ 5 guests) in Philly at Christ Church on 5/3/25. When we saw that this hotel was only .4 miles from our venue, we figured it was a no brainer and didn't think to look at reviews since it was a waterfront Hilton property. We reserved a room for ourselves from 4/30 - 5/5. We booked through booking.com and were in frequent communication with the property as we kept them updated of our plans/arrival time. We called the property/front desk as we hit the road from our home in Syracuse NY to let them know we'd be arriving between 9 - 10PM. They said "no problem" and never mentioned anything about the room we booked being unavailable.
We arrived at 9:52PM on the dot but, upon checking in, we were told that the King suite we booked on the 10th floor or higher with a river view was no longer available and that they could put us in a room with two Queen beds instead. My husband and I can ONLY sleep in the same bed if it's a king which is why we go out of our way and put special emphasis on making sure we have a King bed whenever we travel. I calmly tried to talk out this issue with the front desk but Ann Thomas, didn't want to be calm and cordial back. I truly hope that this whole interaction is on video somewhere. First, she yelled at me and told me that if we were getting married, we should have booked a room block. Unnecessary. We were eloping and only needed one room. We were then told that the room we booked wasn't guaranteed because we used booking.com. I've been using booking.com for 12 years or so and have never had that issue. I asked when she would have a King room available and at first, she told me that she wouldn't know until the next day and when I pressed her asking if her system showed her when people were checking out and when rooms would be available. She checked and told us that the next King room she had available would be 5/4. When I asked her why she said she wouldn't know until the next day but was just able to check just now, she got very flustered. I finally was ready to take the L and just go with the room with the 2 Queen beds and just make the most of it. THEN she charged us the same amount that I was going to pay for the deluxe King room we had originally reserved which was DOUBLE the price of the Queen room according to their website. I was told that the hold on my card was on there now and couldn't be rectified until check out.
The next morning I go down to Ellis Coffee shop around 6AM. The hotel website says it opens at 6AM but upon getting down there, was told it really opens at 6:30AM. When I told the front desk, I was just told "I don't control what is on the website". Since I was on their website, I decided to see what rooms would be available if I were to book "direct" with them as I was told the night before that not booking direct was one of the issues. TONS of King rooms were available on the website. When I also pointed that out to the front desk I was told "Again, I don't control what's on the website, but I can check inventory for you". TONS of King rooms were available. I was told we could switch to one (thank God) BUT since they were so incredibly sold out just the night before I assumed I'd have to wait for someone to check out and for the room to get turned over. NOPE. It was ready right then and there at 6:15AM on 5/1. That means I was completely lied to the night before. No one slept in that room if it was available at 6:15AM. So we moved into a King room. Again, room was dirty, outdated, falling apart and the A/C DID NOT WORK.
My best friend checked into her room on 5/2 and was treated similarlly like she was an inconvenience. Her room was dirty and her A/C didn't work. My Dad had the same exact experience when he checked in on 5/2. His A/C didn't work. Did not get even one good night of sleep the whole stay due to rooms being unbearably hot.

Nice hotel. Perfect spot in Philadelphia. Elevators were kooky

Absolutely the worst hotel experience of my life. The staff is rude and outright lied about mess up our reservation. The room we did get was filthy and the AC didn't work

Clean and friendly.

**** They are doing elevator work so the elevators are really slow and sometimes you have to wait for 1 to go by because it's full. Completion date is June 2027.  ****

Location is great.   Room was good, everything worked as it should.  Quite a busy hotel but didn't seem over crowded.

Hotel in ottima posizione, camere ottime, pulite e silenziose! L’unica cosa, l’ ascensore un po’ lento, però nel complesso super consigliato! Punto di forza la posizione super centrale!

Actually, I traveled a lot, literally it is the worst reception I've ever experienced in my entire life , slow, and bad attitude

Your score is so low it's like you're "FROZEN" wink wink. By the way, thank you so much Jon from front desk, your welcome was very pleasant and friendly, you're a great person. .

Nossa experiência no Hilton foi otima. Fechamos a estadia pelo RCI e mesmo pagando muito barato por causa do club fomo super bem atendidos. Na chegada não acharam nossa reserva (por um erro nosso mesmo) mas o gerente Jonh foi muito atencioso e resolveu tudo. O hotel a pesar de não ser novinho tem quartos muito bons. Os banheiros são excelentes, com box se vidro e bom tamanho. A pesar do nosso quarto ter carpete não tinha nenhum cheiro, sou uma pessoa extremamente alérgica e passei super bem a semana que nos hospedamos la.

Elevators under maintenance, causes wait times to be insane. Avoid.

Stayed in the Junior King Suite at the Hilton Club and really enjoyed it. The room was spacious and well laid out, with a comfortable bed and a relaxing sitting area. The bathroom was clean and modern, with a great soaking tub. The queen foldout was perfect for a teen and quite comfortable. Overall, a pleasant and comfortable stay, would definitely book again.

Great location!!!
We stayed on the 34th floor and somehow were lucky enough to get a corner room with views out one window to The Empire State Building and another to Central Park - that was the best part of this room!
It was clean and bed was very comfortable. Bathroom and towels were very tired but hot water and pressure great after long cold days exploring the city. For $500 a night after taxes and everything I maybe was ignorantly expecting a bit more but it was NY between Christmas and New Years and it was BUSY.
Elevators took forever in fact we almost missed Uber to airport because it took us 6 elevators and required the 2 of us to split up just to get down with a suitcase each. Overall a B+

Excelente hotel, quartos muito limpos, localização excepcional, café e água disponíveis, altamente recomendável.

Alles super!
Mitarbeiter super freundlich!

Aufzüge haben momentan Wartungsarbeiten, war der einzige Minuspunkt aber ist meckern auf hohem Niveau! Von der Lage her optimal

Do not stay here. Choose a Hyatt instead. Elevator takes forever to come up and down. Room feels dirty,  theres mold in the bathroom. All night long you hear the elevator or the heater , its extremely loud and makes it hard to sleep. Shower barely works. Half the water comes out of the tub spout. Also you only get one body towel, and no hand towels. so enjoy sharing. Room has no bottled water, but dont worry you can buy it downstairs for $8.
Just choose a different hotel, this one's not worth your money.

Wifi is so horrible I couldn’t even write this review at first🫩

My experience at Hilton Club New York was nothing short of amazing. From the moment I arrived, I was made to feel incredibly welcomed and valued. Jojo and the entire team truly went above and beyond to ensure every detail was perfect. On everyday!!

The level of service felt like royal treatment!! Attentive, thoughtful, and genuinely warm. Every interaction reflected professionalism and care, making the stay not just comfortable, but memorable. It’s rare to find a team that takes such pride in creating an exceptional guest experience, and Jojo exemplified that perfectly.

Hilton Club New York exceeded all expectations, and I left feeling refreshed, appreciated, and already looking forward to my next visit. An outstanding experience from start to finish.

I appreciate all of the help with planning sightseeing tours!! 1,000/10.

Thanks Jojo you are amazing.

Really not a great experience. Got checked into a room that was occupied, the room we were sold was overbooked and we had to SHARE A BED, food was mid at best and the elevators barely work - wait of 3-5min almost every time.

So beautiful space I like it

Good rooms good service good location 👍

Total disappointment staying at this Hilton. Room was dirty and full of dust that gave me breathing issues. Elevators are slow and you’re waiting for 15-20 minutes to get down or up to your room. Overpriced hotel

The room smells dirty and moldy, there is no water, the sheets are stained, and the list goes on.

I recommend staying away from this hotel!

I have changed multiple rooms and they are all the same.

Don't forget to bring a bottle of water with you as the room doesn't come with one.

Our immediate family spend several days at this resort, it's location makes navigating the best of New York easy. The Club personnel  treated all 10 of us including the nanny with high end service.

Visité Nueva York 8 dias, el hotel es además de espacioso en sus habitaciones,  limpio y cuenta con cafetera y refrigerador pequeño (no minibar), servicio de café y agua diario.  Sugerencia ubicación es excepcional,  cerca de todo y de 2 estaciones de metro (57 y 50) y a unas calles de Brodway, Central Park y el MoMA. Sin duda mi hotel para el próximo viaje a NY.

The room is pristine. The servicemen are very professional. It's a bit pricey, but worth it.

4 dollars for water is not only absurd but repulsive. Brace yourself for the mark up on everything in Manhattan and anything inside this hotel

Great location! Walked to Times Square. Parking is expensive (NY). we rented an SUV, and parking was $117 per day. Drinks and coffee were good in the lobby. Great view from our room 3616

This was a beautiful property and Hilton took great care of us while we stayed with them.  They had a market, a restaurant and a couple bars and some shops so basically all your needs would be covered. The food was good but gf options were a little limited.  There were quite a few in the market.  Prices were higher than usual. I believe this neighborhood was called Manhattan and it was extremely busy.  Traffic was wild and the horn blowing never stopped. :) beyond Hilton's control obviously but after a while it just made us laugh.  We chalked this up as a classic New York experience.  Overall our visit was great but we decided it was a little too busy.

地下鉄駅のすぐ近くで便利です。Wi-Fi は無料で使用できる説明書でしたが簡単には接続できませんでした。フロントでの説明で接続できましたが英語が話せなければ不可能です。注意が必要です。

Spacious and clean room. Perfect location.

Location is very convenient as Subway is right next door and views and rooms are really very spacious

Got to go, perfect location for NYC trip

Great place to stay in NY, close to a lot of attractions

Love this location for access to everything near 5th Avenue near St. Patrick's and Rockefeller Center.

Great hotel. Room is perfect. Beautiful..having a great time

Room:
Stayed in room 3649, meaning staying at level 36. We had a good view of the city from here. We could even see a glimpse of central park.
The room was generally spacious and clean. Comfortable beds.
What was not as great was that the temperature regulation did not seem to work fully. I had set the temperature on 25°C, but it never went up over 20.5°C. The room floor was also fully covered with mat, which may be the reason the room feeling very dry and me having a throat ache. The duvet was not fully "tucked in" into the bedsheets, it was rather inbetween two bedsheets. But maybe it is an american thing, as it was so in the previous hotel also.

Location:
Very central. Close to many cafés, restaurants, shops and touristy spots. Good connection with metro and trains. The negative thing is that there are a lot of people anywhere close to the hotel. Even when walking to a restaurant being 15 min away, I had to go through a crowd. Maybe there were extra many people at my visit as it was during the holidays.

Hotel:
Friendly staff.

Great place to take care of some business. Quick, easy, and seamless. It all comes together once you finally wake up.

Our stay at Hilton Club New York during New Year’s was simply fabulous. The location and comfort exceeded all expectations. Staying for four nights turned out to be the perfect decision, as we were within walking distance of Times Square for the ball drop, iconic shopping destinations like the Louis Vuitton store and Trump Tower, and so much more.

The view from our room was breathtaking. We loved keeping the curtains open just to soak in the stunning sunrise and cityscape—an experience in itself!

The staff deserves special mention for being incredibly friendly and professional. The male reception staff, in particular, stood out—not just for their service but for their undeniable charm. It seemed like looks were a part of the hiring criteria!

Having a separate check-in counter on the 36th floor was a thoughtful touch, helping us avoid the bustling lobby downstairs. Speaking of which, the restaurants in the lobby served some truly delicious meals, and the bar offered fantastic cocktails that added to the overall experience.

At just over $500 per night, it felt worth every penny, especially given the time of year. Rates might be lower during the off-season, but for New Year’s, this was the ideal choice. Highly recommended!

Excellent location and great service right on 6th Avenue!!

Overall, my stay was underwhelming. The bed was noticeably worn, feeling uneven and lumpy due to clumped-up filling in the comforter and bedding.

Additionally, upon check-in, I discovered leftover moldy food in the fridge. The proximity of my room to the cleaning closet led to early morning disturbances from the cleaning crew's loud conversations.

Additionally, the Hilton Club check-in wasn't located in the lobby but on the 37th floor. The instructions were unclear, and I waited in line for over 30 minutes only to find out I couldn't check in there and had to go to the 37th floor.

The Hilton Hotel has 1,000 rooms but no longer room service. Many different styles of food service lobby level. Location 54th and 6th Avenue also called AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS,  not far from RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL.

This is the worst experience with a hotel ever. Unbelievable that Hilton would be so disingenuous to the point of scamming. After booking at one location, I was called by the Hilton sales team to purchase a marketing package that was “on sale” if booked ahead of time.
Turns out that this is a scam where they force you to attend a sales presentation at a very limited time window and flexibility and with limited dates.
Then if you miss this, they charge you an exorbitant “full price”.

All of this is to try to sell you a timeshare package at their resorts. And they will do everything possible to get you to pay full price and each person you call on their corporate line just passes you off to the next person. I spoke with various staff on site at the hotel and on call, for them to still claim that I’m a no show for being late (but still within the window of the presentation), just so they can charge “full price”.

Never stay at ANY Hilton. Unbelievable that this is even legal.

Enjoyed our 5 day stay. Great accommodations and good location to walk to many attractions.

Room was not worth the price!!!

Excelente lugar con muy buena ubicación lo único malo es que se tardan eternidades para regresar el depósito estuvimos ahí el 8 de junio, estamos a 1 de julio y no lo hemos recibido

Toilette libere

Muy buena experiencia

Rooms have old interior. They don't come with a fridge or a kettle which you would expect in a hotel room.

The wifi isnt free.

Location is great I guess but the service is lacking.

Well-kept mid-town hotel just blocks south of Cental Park. Room was in excellent condition and, at 36th floor, quiet for the location. Would return if we come back to NYC

Very nice hotel with beautiful atmosphere, view and rooms

Perfekti location!

We had the best hotel booking experience the location at short walking distance between Time Square and the Central Park in Midtown Manhattan N.Y.C, the suite amazingly modernized, and cozy  decorated. Excellent service with friendly smile all the time by the entire staffs 👏 👍 👌

The staff were fantastic .

The room was small, but believe. The queen bed was smaller than the usual. However, the hotel is in a PERFECT LOCATION. You're walking distance from all major attractions, including Time Square.

Çakma Hilton gibiydi kahve var diyo yok, bardak her gün ben isteyip ben alacakmışım, birde 5 saat bavullar durdu diye bavul başına para verdik, pegasus gibi birsey yani tavsiye etmem, zincir olmayan baska bir yerde kalmanız daha mantıklı, yani aa bak işte hilton gördün mü diyebileceğim hiç birsey yok ortak tuvaleti olmayan HOSTEL

Very nice  clean great view 43 floor bar is good drinks are great  not expensive 😀

Prima hotel, goeie kamers, ruim, en luxe, Schone badkamers, vriendelijk, maar opdringerig personeel die hun service aan je willen verkopen; Met een 'nee' ben je er van af, maar een vriend had zich per ongeluk ingetekend op een seminar meteen voor een Hilton abbonement, waar je dan niet onderuit kan. En die heeft een soort programma moeten volgen.

My Hilton Club room was nice and renovated unlike some people’s reviews. The service was great. Room was cleaned up spotless and water bottles refilled every day. Garbages always emptied.
I’m giving it 4 stars because we felt absolutely and disgustingly violated from the total parking fee at the end of our great trip this week. 85$ per day + tax for parking! It came to 510USD$! They blame the “3rd party parking company” but holy hell, if I’m a guest at YOUR hotel, I shouldn’t be paying more than the cost of a flight to NYC from MTL!

Good

Very nice hotel. It is very clean and fancy looking. I really enjoyed the conference I attended.

Outlets in room broken

Location Location Location!! The only complaint is chairs in the lobby would be nice!!

Excellent location and neat and clean

Stayed with the Hilton Club, very good rooms and awesome service

Sweet & beautiful!

We stayed for Christmas and it was lovely. The rooms were huge, clean, and housekeeping did a great job. It was not as noisy as I thought it would be, however noisy compared to home lol The location was perfect for easy access to everything, next time I'd stay farther away from the busyness but all in all the hotel was exactly what we were looking for. Would recommend

Es fällt mir schwer die guten Bewertungen nachvollziehen. Ich habe bis auf eine umständliche Frühstücksregelung, bei der ich mir ein "Voucher" an der Rezeption holen musste und dieser Vorgang 1 Stunde Zeit gekostet hat, statt die entsprechenden Anzahl Voucher beim Check in auszuteilen, nichts auszusetzen. Zentral gelegen, das stimmt alles. Aber eine überragende Ausstattung kann ich nicht sagen, ausser bei der Anzahl der Lichtschalter, von denen man min. 4 der etwa 12 im Raum verteilt betätigen muss, bis man normale Helligkeit hat. Eine Klimaanlage, die zu laut ist und dünne Wände, daß man glaubt, die sich unterhaltenden Nachbarn befinden sich im selben Raum. Es mag unterschiedliche Zimmerkategorien geben und ich habe evtl. nicht die beste erwischt. Aber in meiner Heimat bezahlt man für so ein Zimmer 25€ pro Nacht!

Excellent midtown location. Great value. Clean and great surroundings

Ubicación céntrica y cerca para todas tus actividades, contando con asesores amables y profesionales que dejarán tus inquietudes resueltas en todo momento.  Medios de comunicación y movilidad a la mano tu solo pide... Salones de juntas, spa, gimnasio, bares, Restaurantes, para todos los gustos, y detalles como camas, almohadas, pisos accesibles y habitaciones, limpias, cómodas e iluminadas. Excelente elección para una rica estancia de placer o trabajo.

My wife and I stayed here over a weekend but I'm not sure I would stay again.

Pros:
* The location is perfect. It's in midtown a short walk from Broadway to the south and Central Park to the north.
* The rooms are the most spacious of any place I've stayed in NYC by far, and there are plenty of food and drink options in the hotel as well as nearby.
* The shower even had great water pressure.

Cons:
* I saw in other reviews there's a lounge with snacks and drinks, but I wasn't told about it so I didn't go. I wasn't even sure where the hotel coffee was, so I walked across the street to Starbucks each morning.
* The heat in the room is controlled seasonally so I couldn't turn the AC on. It was probably 72 or warmer in our room even though it was set to 65, and I couldn't sleep without the window open which let in the constant siren sounds and honking. My watch says I got 3 hours of sleep Saturday.
* The elevators are a little annoying. Only a few go up to those floors, so you often wait several minutes for them. NY natives are used to this.

Beautiful hotel great service very clean great location

Our recent experience was delightful - the space, amenities and staff were a ten!

La mejor ubicación de New York, muy buenas habitaciones,  excelente servicio.

Not recommended

The most lavish and spacious hotel I've stayed at in NYC. Convenient to everything. Next to subway. Very expensive during this time but I will stay again. We enjoyed our stay.

Fabulous hotel.The Friendly helpful staff.The Location & The Gorgeous views.
We loved our stay here ❤️

Cobran por dejar la maleta al irte. No es un hospedaje especialmente barato como para encima tener que cobrarnos por ello.
Por todo lo demás lo volveríamos a elegir pero probablemente si volviésemos q ir, buscaríamos antes otra alternativa con misma ubicación pero mejores servicios.

Situat a 15 min de Central Parc i aprop del metro. Les habitacions son correctes, una mica antigues, pero en linies generals força bé.

The Hilton club has been the best hotel for me inNYC

great hotel

Very good hotel with good street views.  Nice ambience.

Every time I have traveled to New York, for work or pleasure, the Hilton, midtown, exceeded my hopes for a wonderful experience. I have to stress that it is the people that create that atmosphere. From our concierges, to housekeeping and everyone in every department, the staff is kind, friendly, and professional. Bravo from this theater teacher from Boston. I am giving you a standing ovation.

I love staying at the Hilton Club.  Rooms are spacious and comfortable.  Staff are very helpful and informative.  The members lounge is  perfect for breakfast, snacks and happy hour from 5 to 7pm.  Nice selection of appetizers, wines and beer.  It is a perfect oasis in the city that never sleeps.

Cold personnel & poor service - the whole experience is indifferent.  The only good point is the location.  Hilton HHonors has been …

Delicious food and good service.

See u again

We stayed for a week in a studio room on the 38th floor. Not much of a view except for equally tall buildings all around. Room was reasonably big and bed was comfortable. There's a mini fridge, coffee capsule machine but no kettle or microwave. There're bathrobes but no bedroom slippers. Everything was in good working condition and Wifi was strong. The only negative comment was that we could hear people talking from the next room.
Room was serviced daily and bottled water and coffee capsules  could be replenished on request with no limit. Cleaning and reception staff are friendly and efficient. Checking in & out was quick and efficient.
Lift lobby was very busy and crowded especially when there were corporate events. 1 of the 3 lifts serving my floor has broken down making it worse and resulted in longer wait.
Location is unbeatable, so convenient. But just note that metro station at 7 Ave is not an accessible station and carrying heavy luggages up or down the multiple level and narrow staircase is challenging.
Hilton Honors timeshare sales staff approached us at the lobby multiple times to invite us to their sales pitch but we declined each time. Some days we find that we've to look out for them to avoid them.

The property is perfectly located in the middle of midtown Manhattan and just a few blocks away from central park and about a 12 to 15 minute walk to Time Square. The rooms are the average size for NYC, but the housekeeping staff is excellent. I was very disappointed with the lounge, it's one of the most meh! that I've seen. Don't expect any special acknowledgement or treatment as a Hilton Honors Diamond member, at least I didn't see any difference in the way I was welcomed or my room when compared to non Hilton Honor members. Finally, the elevators are a nightmare. We waited for 8 minutes for an elevator from the 36th floor to the lobby. Overall great location, below average amenities and lounge, and a hit or miss staff.

Great location. Upgraded rooms and nice club area

I have stayed here before some years ago. While there has been a facelift to some areas and rooms, the age of the place does show. Multiple elevators frequently were not functioning. We either waited 10-15 minutes for one or used the stairs to go to a different floor to try and get a bank of elevators that actually worked. This will be my last stay here. Too many other options in NY.

This is my best experience  with Hilton. the hotel location is superb, the room is very clean, the service is very prompt and great, and all the stuff are very professional, friendly and helpful. i strongly recommend this place.

Really great hotel! It's right in the middle of Midtown and is near the park. It is easy to get wherever you need to go. The rooms are big and very comfortable.

거대한 힐튼 건물 중 36, 37, 38층에 위치해 있습니다. 체크인은 37층에서 가능합니다. 위치는 아주 좋으나 좋은만큼 밤에 시끄럽습니다. 싸이렌소리와 각종 노래소리가 늦은밤까지 이어집니다. 번화가이고 묵는 사람들이 많기 때문에 치안은 걱정이 없습니다. 방은 넓고 좋았고 청소 서비스도 좋습니다. 다만 뜨거운 바람이 나오는 온풍기가 침대 바로앞에 있어서 매우 건조합니다.

와이파이가 최악입니다. 난방온도조절 한계가 있어서 조금 추웠어요.

Great location. The check -in was easy and fast on the reception on 37 floors. The Museum of Modern Art is located across the road. Clean and big room. Awesome views of Central Park corner rooms. Coffee machine in the room.

Loistava sijainti. Sisäänkirjautuminen oli helppoa ja nopeata 37 kerroksen vastaanotossa. Modernin taiteen museo tien toisella puolella. Siistit kookkaat huoneet. Mahtavat näköalat, Central Park näkyy kulmahuoneesta. Kahviautomaatti huoneessa.

Excellent experience will be back next year.

Wonderful Midtown hotel in NYC. We were able to walk to nearly all of our destinations. Rooms felt spacious. The hotel staff was exceedingly nice. It also had one of the nicest hotel gyms that I've seen.

This Hilton club is in a perfect location especially for theater lovers. The staff is professional and the service is attentive. And the updated furniture, drapes and carpeting were a lovely surprise.

We did the whole vacation pkg/timeshare presentation thing and found the experience to be on par with the brand excellence we've come to expect. Far from the high-pressure for which we were prepared, Al Leblanc proved to be a most charming, candid fellow who treated us with respect, not just like cattle. We had no intention of buying that day, and didn't, but one thing's for sure - due to the positive experience, should we be open to actually considering such a package in the future, Hilton Club will definitely be on the revisit list.

Great location and service.  Nice bed with plenty of pillows

Stayed two nights in a Studio room on 38th Floor as HGVC Member NYC Get-a-way. Check-in is on the 37th Floor.Arrival in lobby was not what we expected as Diamond Hilton and Premier Elite HGVC members. Concierge and Bell Catpain desk were of little help in checking bags since our room was not ready. Tried to use the Diamond Member desk but the person behind the desk took over 15 minutes for just one person and there were3 ahead of us. Finnally stepped up the front desk regular member area after another 15 minute wait and was told we should have gone to the 37th floor and that only this once would they be nice enough to give us a ticket for baggage check but dont ask again. Both the downstairs HGVC desk and the 37th Floor HGVC desk personnel were great and helped us get our tickets and transportation needs taken care of...been treated much better in Hawaii at the HGVC!

Great location

地點方便

日本語は一切通じませんがとてもいいホテルでした。ただ冷房を入れてないのにとても寒かったです。

Found it extremely convenient to go around the City and return in quick time as this Hotel is in a central part of New York. Very well maintained guest rooms and excellent Food and Beverages. My stay here will always stay in my mind.

HGVC reps (especially K. Mendez) have been very helpful and great to talk to. Nice facility. Clean room.

Reasonably priced for a New York hotel.  Fantastic location (close to Rockefeller Center and the Museum of Modern Art).  Good rooms, a bit on the small side.  Hotel has a breakfast cafe and a Starbucks in the lobby.  Handled group reservations well (we had a group of eight in five rooms - two singles and three doubles).  Nice lobby bar and atmosphere.  Desk staff was very accommodating.

I was there for a very large event, and the space is truly massive! It's well run, and security was on point.  Great space for large events, highly recommended.

Fancy and fun. Good bar(s), nice rooms, it's got it all. Would recommend to anyone.

Love the hotel

Member of RCI and this place is a must grab if available. Can't beat the location as everything is a walk away. The breakfast buffet and early evening snacks are real money savers. Great room as well!

This is our 3rd year staying at the hotel while on Spring Break.  The service has gone down.  No perks anymore unless you are a Diamond member.  One can't sit in lounge and read unless you buy a $5 diet Coke or something else.  Rooms are small and Queen beds are as small as doubles. May be my last stay.

Nice room, Bad View.
Nice Location, Terrible food.

Great service and great continental breakfast

The best place I have been host in Manhattan. The room is big and new.

Awesome place to stay in the middle of all the shopping and dining.

rooms are small, but the hotel is fine.

Great service, nice rooms.

Great location

Nice, modern. Not to central. Great service. NY expensive :)

A great service that makes traveling much easier. With a quality of food and service that really raises the bar.

Not the fanciest hotel in the world, but definitely a nice hotel.  The night bellboys are just about worse than useless - don't bother using the curb service from them. Either jack one of the bell-hop dollies or cart it down piece by piece. Paying $20 for curb service is just as likely as not to actually get someone to bring your luggage down.

It is expensive but still reasonable for an upper class hotel. Typical excellent rooms, towels and beds. Easy walk to Carnegie Hall. Dozens of restaurants in immediate area. Located in a safe part of Manhattan. All staff treated us with professionalism - I didn't experience any rudeness like other reviewers did.

Rekomenderas varmt för svenskt standard absolut tveka inte , väldigt centralt till allting, rekomenderas ej frukosten för dyrt 35dollar(bra självklart men för dyrt).

Great service, Great hotel... Convenient to time square

Expected a nicer hotel for the money. Pull out sofa bed had stains, rooms were not updated, etc.

Modern and chic. Impressive room decor.

The room was comfortable, except for the lack of a chair. There was a chair at the desk, but I mean a living room chair. The staff was friendly and we were in a great location.

Great experience

Te hotel was almost perfect, I just hated that they charge you to handle your packages, I think is a service every hotel should do for free, it would be a five star if it wasn’t for that.

Good sized room bathroom was very nice and location is great.

Very good hotel

Very nice Hilton hotel in midtown. We stayed in the Hilton Club which is in the same structure as the Hilton except the Club floors are higher up. All staff we met with or talked with were very nice. Coffee & Tea (Keurig) are in all rooms for free. There are food options, a couple of bars and Hilton Club executive lounges within. By staying with the Hilton Club, you get its elevated rewards which do come in very handy if you are a not Hilton Club member and can be used throughout Manhattan. The room we stayed in, see pics, was small but efficient. I do wish the bathroom lighting had an additional bright light and there were outlets on both sides of the bed. The outlets issue is something I have noticed at many hotel or resort chains so I'm prepared for it. The only real issue is the elevators. Be prepared to sometimes wait about 5 to 10 minutes or more sometimes to get down to lobby or get up to your room. The causes are heavy traffic up and down and if there is a non-working elevator. Luckily it didn't mess up our stay or delay where we were going. They offer free internet like all Hilton's but if you really need to use it, I recommend paying for the faster connection because the free is not very fast but good enough for basic internet browsing. Lastly we stayed in early June and the humidity builds quickly so be sure to adjust your thermostat to a cool enough temp to rid the extra humidity after showering. Will definitely be returning, but as a Residence member.

Very nice rooms and heated toilets. Views are pretty top notch in some spots and location can’t be beat! Staff was great and very helpful and friendly. Looking forward to next stay.

Great spot if you're a HGVC Owner

Staff and rooms are amazing!!

Not clean, fridge not clean, and there is no security,anyone can come to your room. Room service wouldn't deliver because they said just come down to get your food.

Good stay spot in a good location

We listened to a lengthy talk about the great value of buying into the Hilton Grand Vacation plan and really thought it sounded like it would fit our vacation needs, however we had to decide that day or we would lose the great offer of 25000 bonus points as well . We were treated very respectfully and were even allowed to leave the premises and talk over a meal . We returned to accept the offer and buy into the HGV program .
We signed all the documents , but didn’t read until we brought everything home . Upon further discussion we decided to change our mind and recind our offer , therefore requesting our down payment back and canceling our contract within three days .
We completed all the steps required to cancel further steps and were treated wonderfully. Our down payment was refunded sooner than expected. We were not the right fit at this time for the program but appreciate the easy process to opt out . Thank you !

Very nice place, great rooms. The toilet seat is heated-O yea! Note that I believe the “residences” has different floors.

Went to NYC for our 10th year anniversary. They messed up our reservation and booked us for 2 nights instead of our 3 night package. Had to change room in the middle of our vacation. They made us feel like it was our fault. Didn't like that.

Good

The service has been pretty good, there is a complementary lounge area that I wish they'd told us about when we checked in. The room is a decent size for New York, but that means it is pretty small. It worked well for us though. It's in a very convenient location, and its made being around very easy (and cheap, we've been able to walk to everything).

Good

Nice rooms and upgraded toiletries!

The room is much larger than the normal room in NYC and nicely appointed, the staff is very attentive and the location is perfect for us.

I liked it, but expensive

Never again. Over crowded, rude staff and basic amenities. As a Diamond member I've spent a lot of time and $ with the Hilton brand and this is one of the worst.

Excellent service and accommodations+benefits

High pressured sales. Avoid at all costs.

Great place, good rooms

Located in midtown Manhattan, the Hilton is a jewel.

Bonito hotel pero servicio era mediocre.

Nice location, good amenities

Very nice hotel, amazing view if you can get one. Service is great but parking is very expensive!

very good rooms relaxed facility

Good service but pricey

best timeshare   Hilton  club  best best

Nice

We were awakened by a loud drilling noise in the early morning. The customer service said they could not stop them. Who else can?

Very bad service all staff very rude

I would not recommend staying here, as these are timeshare rooms and not regular Hilton hotel rooms. No tubs in any of the rooms, do not offer Hilton Honors status benefits, only 3 elevators for this section of rooms, and shower is very disappointing. Staff has been amazing and helpful, but can not make up for disappointing rooms and poor club experience. Hilton Club is not a higher level for Hilton, it denotes Timeshare business which is separate and distinct from Hilton Hotels.

Lineup at 8eception a mile long.  No one is working

Fantastic accommodations, very expressive

This service is horrible.  I was called to make a reservation, I made the reservation and a week later they called me back saying I had no reservation.  When I told them the details of my reservation they said "that room is no longer available" and tried to book me into another, more downgraded hotel.  I complained and told them to listen back to the recorded conversation I had with the first sales rep.  They said "even if we listened back to it, it still wouldnt change the fact that the room you were promised is no longer available."  They offered me another room at a different hotel.  It was definitely not as nice as what I was originally promised.  I asked for a refund and they gave it to me no questions asked.  Now I have to cancel my airline tickets.  Never again.

Maids did not restock the coffee and the thermostat in our room was broke, but other than that the stay was enjoyable. Did not appreciate the attitude of the service staff in the open area restaurant and cafe downstairs, but the Bridges lounge was a superb experience.

Excellent location in midtown. Good service, clean rooms, excellent restaurants in walking distance. Can be expensive and crowded, suggest you try week nights if your schedule allows. Suggest you try Bar Americana for the Onion soup, it is on 52nd street, less than a half block walk.

Clean, open meeting space with sunlight in the lunch area

Love NY and amazing place to stay.

We always enjoy our time at the Hilton Club. Great location and friendly staff.

This was our first time staying here and we were very happy with the stay.   The rooms were nice but the staff was what made the trip the best.  We arrived super late but our room key was waiting when we got there and we were able to do the official check in the next morning.  We got lots of good tips on great restaurants.  Loved it

First time staying at this Hilton but as a Hilton honors person.  I'm very happy being here.  Very accommodating.. friendly .. and I don't think I'd want to stay anywhere else in Times Square. Very Happy!

Lovely hotel

Nice

Very nice hotel but they should have coffee machines in the rooms and chairs in the lobby.  Also the elevators are too slow and sometimes only one working.

Nice place ,inside Hilton Midtown

Our room had a broken thermostat, but fortunately we we're not staying in the room for long. Food at the downstairs restaurant was not so great and staff were not very kind when ordering. I'd stay at the other Hilton...

Everything was great. The toilet paper kept falling off the roll but that's my only complaint

A SCAM. THEY WILL CON YOU OUT OF YOUR MONEY. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.

Vien y buen cervicio

Hotel is nice. Customer service at Hilton hotels is very lacking as a chain.

Perfekte Lage und schönes Hotel vor allem in den oberen Stockwerken schöne Aussicht absolute weiterempfehlung!!

Review to come...

OMG!  I never realized how much money I was wasting by not becoming an owner at HGV!  My wife loves luxury accommodations and it was the right fit for my family's legacy.  Thank you guys for all that you do and thank you for the DREAM TRIPS....HAWAII, GREECE, and VIRGIN ISLANDS HERE WE COME!!!!!

立地が良く、部屋が広々している。
JFK空港へ早朝4時の出発だったがイエローキャブがホテル前に待機していて、すぐに乗れました。70ドルでした。
冷蔵庫がない部屋だったが、同じ階に製氷機があったので、飲み物は冷たくいただけた。部屋にスリッパありません。
折りたたみ湯沸かし器を持参していたので、それが重宝しました。
近くにデュアンリードという薬局があり、コンビニのように利用できます。
当ホテル出発の夜景ツアーも良かった。

We recently stayed for our anniversary and my birthday. The hotel was in perfect location, walking distance to everything and central park is a 5 minute walk away. The staff couldn't do enough for us, so helpful and friendly. Even got surprise cupcakes on the morning of my birthday. We are booking our wedding for NYC for 2021. I will definitely recommending this hotel to family. Thank you

CUIDADO, me hicieron firmar un boucher y me cargaron 206 dolares, cuando hice el check in me dijeron que no se debia nada.
porque la estafa, porque el abuso de cobrar sin consumir nada

bon dejeuner,la chambre de bain a besoin de renovation au complet le bain y compris mais la chambre etait quand meme propre,une chance que la chambre nous coutait rien par ce que notre vue etait horrible

HILTON,  Figure it out

Fine hotel and kind staff but we had a few mix ups here. Our room wasn't ready by the 3pm deadline they self impose. We got our room at 430 and when we went up it had not been turned over. We went back to the desk and after about 20 min we got our new room. These things happen from time to time but we weren't given any compensation for our trouble which was very disappointing. Great location to watch the NYC marathon though. Very close to the action.

Warm and comfortable

It was fine. Nothing outstanding. No one bothered me, no one helped me, no one inquired. Left completely alone. If you like that kind of thing this hotel is for you. Otherwise, it was fine and nothing more.

Wonderful lobby with lots of bathrooms! Nice staff

Nice place for a conference.

Very expensive, extra charges, staff nice, front desk not so nice.

Fantastic hotel would definitely recommend.

Newyork Newyooooork!

We are fortunate to be owners here.  Love the location, the staff and comfort
Hotel rooms are very nice as well.

плохо закрывались окна на 32 этаже, поэтому был слушен шум, заселили позже обыного, большие очереди на регситрации, очень дорогой бар

Bathrooms small. No coffee maker in room.

In the heart of the city.

Para ser un Hilton de 4 estrellas le falta un poco. Habitaciones grandes,aunque no pueden ser triples por lo que en dos camas de 135cm  te tienes que arreglar. El baño no es demasiado práctico ,y la bañera antigua. la calefacción tarda.mucho en calentar y coger la temperatura  deseada.

Very nice staff. Room was great. Location was great.

A very Top Hotel in NYC.

The food was delicious!

The place was clean but the hallways needed to be patched and wallpapered. 15th floor hallway looked horrible. No coffee maker in room nor was there a USB outlet. One bedroom light did not work and the tv would not let me access the guide or on demand. Bathroom was compact but great! Efficient and in good shape. Loved the shower head.

Erg druk maar op een toplocatie. Mooie moderne kamers. Jammer dat er geen koffiezetapparaat op de kamer is. Redelijk standaard lijkt me?

Lovely place

I was there for Fico World 19, welcoming staff's were not ok. Foods they served were low qualified, I did not eat.

Doormen were very courteous!

We love it

pretty hotel on inside and outside but did not stay there

Good to eat your food and use the bathroom

Went for an event. Very spacious

Ein Hotel welches a) eine sehr gute Lage hat 6. und 7. Avenue, mit allem Komfort ausgestattet ist, das Breakfast läßt keine Wünsche offen. Und die Angestellten sind sehr zuvorkommend. Ich werde beim nächsten New York City Besuch wieder dort wohnen. Danke

Would have been better without "high profile" event that clogged traffic & blocked ground transport for both days of our visit.

I am a long-time Hilton member (Diamond for ever) and this is by far the worst Hilton hotel I have ever stayed.  Old, antiquated...there was a $100 charge at Bridges bar and I and my OA called them 10 times to get details and just getting run-arounds, and they just keep forwarding us to voicemails.  No way to treat a Diamond member....

Close to Central Park and upscale shopping; everyone was extremely friendly; nice, clean rooms.  Exceptional shower

It was very pleasant and perfectly located to everything and Broadway plays.

Union

Excellent 👍

Nice, corridors could do with a spruce up, showing its age with damage to skirting and dados.

Personal  poco amable, la ubicación muy buena

I had an amazing stay, it was my wife's 30th birthday and we decided to spend it in NY because she loves the city (not because we started planning late and getting visas to Bali would have taken too long) we stayed in the Hilton club between the 36 and 38 floors of the hotel, we were on the 38th floor. The views were amazing and the location was perfect, just a few blocks from Central Park lots of nice restaurants and that old new York City charm.

Slept well but there was no coffee pot in the room, ice machine did not work , and there was no REALISTIC  restaurant in this Hilton.

Great location, comfortable rooms at manhattan prices.

מלון גדול מרווח ונעים.ממוקם בקירבת אתרי תיירות.

Nice accommodations. Great location!

Old hotel, good location and very expensive.

מיקום טוב

Great service. Andre went above and beyond to help me and my girls.
Andre - you saved our Halloween Party! Thanks for your help!

Hilton is the standard barer of the lodging industry.

部屋が非常にキレイでしたよ。
従業員の方々も親切丁寧で非常に過ごしやすかったです。
次回も利用したいと思います。

Old decorum, horrible room service

Excelente

Lovely

Nice hotel...excllent location for sights.

Typical Hilton. The decor is the usual for a Hilton, nothing special. The best thing about this Hilton is its location. It is in the heart of midtown. Fyi, there is no room service here, just a VERY over-priced coffee shop in the lobby (think $4 coffees). I will give them credit though for a very nice, clean and complete gym.

Don't buy ,don't buy, don't buy! This is a scam. Don't go to the presentation, even for a free trip. They will literally keep you there until
you buy a  timeshare. It is! If i can save one person from having deal with the nightmare that's success. Hilton sale team will do / say just about anything to get you to buy one of these and then no matter what you say they will NOT let you out. I've been trying to get them to hear me for months. I tried selling and they aren't sell able.
Spare yourself.

Fabulous hotel! Only there attending a conference, but they really did a nice job taking care of the attendees.

This hotel is fine, convenient to tourist attractions of NY, and an easy walk over to Central Park. But, I like a hotel that doesn’t feel like the worst parks of NYC. The checkin desk is a mess, always crowded. They’ve set up two lines, one for honors members and one general — now, I don’t really care, but I’m an honors member (gold), figured I’d go in that line. Turns out that was the wrong choice, as I waited 10 extra minutes. I saw people arrive and then be helped after I had already waited for 10 minutes. Person at the desk was super rude. The other thing that was annoying was they have the bellhops doubling up as slimy salespeople - every time they pass, they’re like, “are you an honors member, want your free gift for staying here?” First time I stopped, thought I might get a bottle of water or something (it’s the hotel people), but turns out they were hocking some timeshare at another Hilton property. Anyway, too crowded, and too disrespectful of my time. Nothing other than the location was very special, and they failed at some obvious things that I’m surprised they don’t care enough to do better at.

tres moyen pour le prix

Stayed overnight. Room was nice but the towels were small and only 2 bath towels. Bag check was totally overwhelmed by large conference.

Im Centrum von Manhatten. Nobel aber erschwinglich.

👌excelente

The pits. Received worse customer service in history

Room service was over an hour late, and arrived in bags like takeout food; reception was not in the least bit apologetic.  "Room service ended at 10:30," I was told dismissively.  Yes ma'am - and I ordered at 10:10.

Our room's water glasses were stored ever-so-conveniently on top of the toilet's water reservoir.

They charged a fee to store luggage post-check-out, and went so far as to charge us for food and drink in the Executive Lounge.

Intra-hotel calls routinely dropped/failed to connect.

Good location, decent building, and a nice room, but if you are looking for service or a taste of luxury, you won't get it here (even if you paid for it).

As a Hilton Gold member, I expected better.

With each service flub, they had several opportunities over two days to "Make It Right," (including after seeing my review), and they didn't.

I won't be returning to this location..

Meh, nothing good about this hotel other than location and a nice gym. Stayed here for work and staff is not very welcoming, rooms are super dated, and I couldn’t cool my room down past 70. Beds and pillows are not very comfy and the bathroom floor was not very clean around the toilet. Won’t be staying here again...

We went for the vacation club stay. The hotel was great, the time share meeting was bad. We spoke to Shonte Gibson and his supervisor for three hours. Shonte was rushing us because he had a birthday dinner to get to. We told him we were undecided and he offered to hold the membership until we got a chance to crunch the numbers properly. We gave a $500 deposit and asked repeatedly if we would get the deposit back if we decided not to go forward. We were told many times that we could have our deposit back. After looking over everything and seeing all the fees and charges that were not discussed during the time share pitch we decided that the club was not for us. I emailed Shonte and Hilton on Sep.2 asking for the deposit back. No answer. I emailed again on Sep. 10 asking for the deposit back. No answer. We are asking American Express for help now. That should tell you all you need to know about Hilton Grand Vacation Club time share pitches. Stay away!!!

Thanks New York Hilton Midtown for a wonderful week!  Everything was spectacular from check in to check out!!  Mr. Verdell at check in was very kind as was everyone at the desk.  All questions were answered.  The breakfast buffet was indescribable.  Abdule was our waiter each morning and greeted us with that big smile.  What a pleasure to meet him!  The cookies each afternoon in the Executive Lounge were a welcome treat after a day of sightseeing.  And the hors d'oeuvres were delicious.  The location is in the middle of all the action!!  We had a perfect view of the parade!! Thank you for the outside space you provided us!! Nigel was so kind when we left.  Thanks Nigel!!

I checked in via my app for HHonors and was to receive a digital key. By 2:30 pm we got one digital key. I had reservations for 2 rooms. Both were premier corner city view with 2 beds. So went straight to the room around 3:02pm,  Digital key not working. Had to call security. He was pleasant but then asked me what I planned on doing about it? Well obviously I have to go to the front desk and ask because what else am I supposed to do . Go to front desk to inquire about 2nd room and digit keys which is to be check in ready at 3:00pm. 2nd room not ready, staff had to call about getting one ready. Front desk apologized but I wont say its ok because its not. Turns out we had 2 separate floors which is fine but I had to take a separate elevator from the rest of my party. So we couldnt just go up and down on 1 elevator we had to go the whole way to the lobby walk across the the next set. I figured being 2 rooms under the same they could have placed us closer. But at almost $500 a night I expect to be checked in on time and keys working. Room service was great, prices for it is typical New York. Meatball sandwich was hard and dry but the rest was good. Bellmen were great except loading our luggage, I have an automatic trunk and he kept trying to force it close even after I told him it wouldnt work and he was going to break my back window cover which eventually popped off its track. After him trying 3 times and basically telling him to move so i could do it before breaking it, we were on our way home, but he was super nice and trying his best. Also thought for the price we couldve had a $30 single cup coffee maker. Also even after 3 nights the digital keys never worked even though the front desk said they would. The wifi is not that great either. Luckily I was running around most of the day but the other ladies in my group were older and just wanted to relax.

Loved the hotel, perfect location,  just minutes to everything . So clean and quiet, great restaurant also😊. I would recommend this wonderful place to anyone, my sister and I had such a great stay. The staff was amazingly helpful and the lobby was beautiful,  the elevators were fast and plentiful, no lines or waiting.

Smelly AC, hairs in tub

My family and I stayed the night before Thanksgiving so our two small children could experience the Macy’s Day Parade. I had booked a week in advance with Hilton Honors over the phone to assure a room looking out to the parade. I booked a city room with two beds. When we arrived, we were told there were no two bed rooms available and only queen size bed rooms. There were 4 of us so I was displeased to put it lightly. Tension arose and the employee quickly prompted the manager to come over. Eliseo was very attentive and understanding with my frustration. He quickly took care of the matter in the best way he could so we would be happy with our stay.

Although there was an issue with our room, I would still recommend Hilton Midway because of the outstanding customer service from the manager, Eliseo.

Horrible experience. Lies, lies, lies. If You are interested in paying around $400 or more per night for the hotel in Orlando listed on a website for $125 plus fees and tax that's the deal for You. Sales team will make You comfortable first and then they put pressure and will do anything to make You sign in. Whaterver they are selling for $25K You can buy on eBay on auction sometimes for few hundred bucks. I wonder why?

Horrible timeshare scam. I was able to escape a little early because I absolutely stonewalled their sales rep, but I’m a professional salesman, I fear the general public might fall prey to their tactics. Gifts were not as promised, and the pitch was quite hostile once they realized they weren’t going to close me.

Unser Aufenthalt im Hilton Club war wirklich empfehlenswert ⭐️

Selten haben wir in New York ein so durchdachtes, modernes und gleichzeitig großzügiges Zimmer erlebt. Die Ausstattung war hochwertig, funktional und für New Yorker Verhältnisse überraschend groß. Dazu kommt die perfekte Lage – viele Sehenswürdigkeiten, Restaurants und Bars befinden sich direkt um die Ecke.

Warum nur 3 Sterne?
Im Hotel selbst gibt es keine eigene Gastronomie oder Bar. Das fällt bei einem Aufenthalt durchaus auf. Allerdings findet man im Umkreis von 1 Minute zahlreiche sehr gute Restaurants, Cafés und Bars, sodass dies am Ende kaum stört.

Für einen modernen und komfortablen New-York-Aufenthalt dennoch eine klare Empfehlung 👍

I would give 4.5 stars if I could. And as of May 2026, it currently stands at 4.6, which is quite accurate if you ask me.

Stayed here a few weeks back, and felt like it was definitely 'bang for your buck' type of establishment, but more on the positive side considering it was NYC, right by 5th ave.

Room was nice size, more spacious compared to other offers in the area and bathroom was definitely comfortable for a week's stay.

Views good, electronics available were decent, fridge was a good size too. Also to be able to crack a window for some fresh air was a nice touch.

'Gym' was meh but thankful there was at least a room to break a sweat or two. You don't see the pictures in people's reviews because there is really nothing to write home about.

No crazy sales people bothering you about Hilton vacation stuff but that doesn't mean the front desk staff have to feel a little aloof. A few friendly faces but the general tone was a bit off to be honest. I feel like the housekeeping staff had a bit more loving energy compared to the people in suits downstairs.

( I usually give special shoutouts but no one was really outstanding other than a HGV staff who approached me with a friendly offer. )

Now, the .5 star off out of the perfect score comes from service vibe mentioned and the cleaning details. Don't get me wrong, this place is kept very nice, very clean. But just a bit of detail lacking when it comes to housekeeping and the overall room condition was not 200% perfect... literally the pickiest of pickiest thing as a personal preference, nothing terrible.

So, would I stay here again? Absolutely, from location to the value (considering the city too), this is the sweet spot (no pun intended). Would I recommend it to others for work / vacation stay? Absolutely too.

Lastly, I don't know how Hilton vacation rentals work, but if you're an "owner" and have access to special areas and such, this place won't disappoint. I think you will definitely enjoy your stay : )

Really clean room, good service and cool AC. If you like shopping along the 5th, I would prefer this location over the Hilton club at W 57th St.

The hotel is clean and the staff were professional. My room is neat and up to my standard. Service was on point.

For those who like to be in the middle of everything. A few steps from Rockefeller center. Very kind staff. Extremely clean

This is a fantastic hotel when in NY. The staff is super friendly and the rooms are beyond perfect. I will come back for sure

Hotel ma same plusy. Jest idealnie położony w bardzo bezpiecznej okolicy. Pokoje są czyste, przestronne i wyposażone we wszystko co potrzebne. Obsługa jest przyjazna i pomocna.

Is a great Quality/Price hotel.
Rooms are nice and well furnished, bathrooms are excellent equipped also with japanese TOTO toilets, great shower space.

The room is quiet small, but big enough.

The Gym is awful, a lack of respect to it gym, is a sapce with 3 things inside...

I will return the next trip to NYC!!

We have stayed here three time now, and every time has been amazing. The staff has been welcoming, and the rooms are always perfect. The rooms are quiet and don't let any city noise in. I would recommend staying here if you are looking for a home away from home in NYC.

Minimalist on the amenities.  If you don't expect much, and your expectations will be met!

Really nice modern hotel in a top location.
Unfortunately, our teddy bear was lost in the laundry. However, the staff went above  and beyond to recover the bear. For the interim they provided a stuffed dog. As the bear was not recovered they replaced the bear 1:1. This is exxcep service taking great care of the guests. Hats off to the service staff for going the extra mile to make it right.

It is a very good hotel and has a good restaurant, although the AC was very noisy, overall it was a good hotel

Beautiful hotel with friendly staff. Will stay here again.

Staying there was a pleasure and will return soon.

9 éjszakát töltöttünk a hotelben, és nyugodt szívvel állíthatom, hogy ár-érték arányban az egyik legjobb Manhattanben. Modern, tiszta, szép, és kiváló az elhelyezkedése – szóval összességében remek választás!
A személyzet nagyon kedves és figyelmes volt. Nyári melegben érkeztünk, és mindig megkérdezték, szeretnénk-e extra vizet, illetve amikor városnézésre indultunk, felajánlották, hogy vigyünk magunkkal vizet.
Remek élmény volt, legközelebb is ezt a hotelt választanám.

Un des meilleurs hôtels que j’ai pu faire !
Calme, personnel top, accès métro proche, tout est possible à pied, times squares à 10 minutes, Central Park à 15 minutes.
Dommage qu’il n’y est pas de petit déjeuner disponible.

I’m giving this hotel 5 stars for size and cleanliness. I’ve stayed in plenty of hotels in NYC, and I really appreciated how spacious the rooms are at Hilton Club The Central at 5th. In a city where room size can be hit or miss (mostly miss), this was a huge plus.

They also offer additional amenities upon request, which really came in handy. My wife forgot her toothbrush, and housekeeping delivered a toothbrush, toothpaste, and mouthwash to our room shortly after we called the front desk.

The staff was friendly and accommodating throughout our stay. With a 10AM checkout, it was great that they held our luggage while we ran a few errands before heading out.

Location-wise, it’s perfect if you’re in town for entertainment. We were about a 15-minute drive from Lincoln Center’s David H. Koch Theater, a 12-minute walk to the Lunt-Fontanne Theater, walking distance to Times Square and 5th Ave shopping, and just a 3-minute walk to the train (we used the orange line’s F train).

Overall, clean, comfortable, spacious, and convenient. I absolutely plan on staying here again.

This location was perfect.  Steps away from the Diamond District,  5th Ave shopping and Times Square.
The lobby was beautiful and the staff were very pleasant and accommodating. The room was a good size for 2 people. It was cold (below zero) in the city when I visited so the heated floor in the bathroom was right on time!

I come here because I want to.

Stayed at the Hilton Club in central New York and had a wonderful experience. The hotel is top quality with comfortable rooms and great facilities.
The staff truly made our stay exceptional. Everyone was professional, friendly, and went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. Their service was outstanding from check in to check out.
Perfect location in the heart of New York with easy access to everything. Highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting the city!

If all you need is a clean, quiet place to rest your head at night, this is hard to beat. However; I cannot give it an overall 5 due to a lack of amenities. The fitness center is way below average and seating / lounge capacity is almost nonexistent. There are also no food and drink options onsite. The people were very nice and accommodating. The timeshare sales program was a bit obnoxious. If not for the lack of amenities, this is definitely a 5 hotel for clean, nice and quiet rooms in a great location.

The very best location in Manhattan! You can get to everything in just a few minutes!

흠 잡을 데 하나도 없음
다음에 뉴욕에 온다면 또 여기서 묵을 거임
물 매일 2개씩 채워주고 로비에 요청하면 원하는 만큼 물 더 받을 수 있음
비 오는 날에는 우산도 제공해줌
5일에 한 번씩 청소해줬다는 후기가 있는데 옛날엔 그랬는지 몰라도 지금은 아님
매일매일 청소해줌
내가 묵은 방은 버버리 건물이 보이는 고층 건물 뷰였는데 창문 너머로 휘날리는 미국 국기를 보면서 뉴욕뽕 찼던 적이 한 두 번이 아님 ㅋㅋ
위치는 말할 것 없이 너무 좋음!!!
티임스퀘어는 걸어서 18분 정도지만 록펠러센터, 써밋전망대, 라디오시티 등등 주요 관광지랑 가까움

We’ve stayed in several Hilton timeshares and own one in Myrtle Beach. This particular room was very small called “studio” - it was a king bed with a bathroom -no kitchenette, small refrigerator. No restaurant or bar on premises, but there’s plenty of places for food and drink in the general vicinity.|The pros are that it’s very close to the Rockefeller Center area and within reasonable walking distance to Bryant Park and other attractions. The cons are that it felt more like an apartment complex than a warm, welcoming Hilton Property.|I’m sure if you’re not an owner you will be pestered to attend a sales presentation.

The best hotel we have ever stayed in, the beds were comfy and the service provided was secound to none, at all times the staff done everything in their power to help.

Super friendly staff! We stayed here one night. We checked out of another hotel at 10 am and walked to this hotel. They had a room available so we were able to check in early. That worked out great so we didn’t have to carry our bags around all day. Room was really clean and everything worked as it should. I have no complaints about this place. A bit pricey but well worth it for the location and condition. I would recommend staying here.

LIRRグランドセントラル駅(47thStreet出口)から1ブロックの位置にあって空港アクセス抜群の立地です。|部屋は25㎡と一人には十分な広さ。シャワーのみの浴室ですが、トイレがウォッシュレット付きなのは嬉しいです。|本物件のHGVオーナー限定ラウンジで提供される朝食や夕方の軽食も満足のいく内容。滞在時の強い味方になりました。

The best storage place of any hotel I’ve stayed in the city. They find a spot for everything. Service is good, bed is comfortable, clean and great for getting around midtown. We had a nice view. There is some construction going on nearby so expect to hear it around 8 am but it’s not too loud.

The best hotel I've ever stayed in!!!! Exceptional rooms that were sparkling clean. Location can't be beat and the service was very good. Everyone was friendly from maintenance to service desk.

Everything was excellent.

You can’t beat this location! So close to major attractions like Rockefeller centre, Central Park and Broadway without the noise affecting your sleep. The staff were so helpful and the room was comfortable. We would stay here again.

Great room, the concierge was always available by text and very accommodating. When it was raining they offered free umbrellas to us. Great room service, Ulga did an amazing job!

好喜欢这家酒店，服务人员热情，地理位置有好，酒店干净，就是很舒服！

Location is great for a NY weekend.  Comfortable and a refuge after the crowds and mayhem of the weekend lol

حلو

From start to finish, my stay at the Hilton Club The Central at 5th was outstanding — truly one of the best Hilton properties I’ve experienced. The hotel itself is beautiful, modern, and impeccably maintained.||I was initially placed on the 4th floor, and shortly after checking in, I received a friendly text from Chris asking how my stay was going. I mentioned that I loved the hotel but would ideally prefer a higher floor. Within minutes, Chris offered to move me and personally made sure the transition was seamless. That level of attentiveness and hospitality really stood out.||My only initial concern before arriving was the fitness center, but it turned out to be excellent — well-equipped, clean, and never crowded.||Thanks to Chris and the entire team for making my stay so enjoyable. I’ll absolutely be returning and highly recommend this property to anyone visiting New York.

Very nice hotel. The bathrooms are beautiful. The rooms are comfortable. They have a bidet... lol 😆

The perfect location to stay! The staff is exceptionally friendly, and the rooms are modern and upscale. The area is ideal, close to everything yet on a quiet, uncongested street. Highly recommend!

Excellent hôtel, extrêmement bien placé et très confort ! Chambre spacieuse et faite tous les jours, literie top. Initialement placés au 3eme étage car ils n'avaient plus de chambres disponibles aux étages supérieurs lors de notre arrivée, ils ont réussi à nous proposer une autre chambre le 2eme jour pour être au 20e ! Bref, tout cela pour dire que l'hôtel ainsi que le personnel était vraiment au petit soin. Je recommande à 100%

My husband and I enjoyed our three night stay at Hilton Club the Central at 5th. We were upgraded to a very nice one bedroom suite on the 28th floor with a view of the Empire State Building and Summit One Vanderbilt. The bedroom had a very comfortable king sized bed, nice sheets, a TV, a desk, a mini fridge, and a closet. The room had large windows with motorized sheers and blackout shades. The living room area had a sleeper sofa, a TV, coffee table, large windows with motorized shades, a mini fridge, a round dining table with four chairs, and a closet. The bathroom was large with a separate shower and tub. There are also a self cleaning toilet and heated floors in the bathroom.  We loved the warm floors!  We also appreciated the water bottles that were replenished during our stay. We slept very well and heard very little street noise from the 28th floor.  The elevators were also very fast.  The location is great for visiting Midtown and felt very safe between 5th and Madison.

A clean modern hotel in great location.||Rooms are spacious and service was great. They provide bottled water and you can request as much as you need. They changed the housekeeping service to daily since Aug so that’s a plus as I had read they provided housekeeping every few days.||Only con is the shower as there’s no shower door, the water kept seeping out.||No restaurants but lots of choices in the area so not an issue for me. Definitely would stay here again.

Good location. Nice rooms

This place exceeded my expectations and was definitely worth every penny. The location is fantastic, putting you very close to all midtown attractions, restaurants, and shopping. The rooms themselves are very clean and modern, and I found the staff to be very helpful.
It is fairly quiet, but if there are constriction sites in the vicinity you will hear the noise.

Nice rooms. Good location.

1泊利用でしたが、便利な場所にあり快適に過ごすことが出来ました。GRAND CENTRAL LIRR STATIONのすぐ近くで、空港利用には非常に利便性が高い立地にあります。
タイムズスクエアにも徒歩圏内です。

La struttura è in piena Midtown, a pochi passi da 5th Avenue e dalle principali attrazioni, con camere moderne e uno staff che si distingue per cortesia ed efficienza.

La posizione è il motivo numero uno per scegliere questo hotel: si trova infatti a breve distanza a piedi dalla 5th Avenue e a 5 minuti a piedi da Rockefeller Center e St. Patrick’s Cathedral, con MoMA, Bryant Park, Times Square e la New York Public Library a circa 10 minuti.
Anche i collegamenti sono comodi, con le stazioni 47–50 Sts Rockefeller Center e 5th Ave/53rd St a pochi minuti, il che rende agevoli gli spostamenti in metro verso Broadway e altre zone di Manhattan.

Le camere sono moderne, ben insonorizzate e di dimensioni valide per gli standard di New York, con letto king, mini-frigo e infissi a doppi vetri in molte unità.
Inoltre la mia stanza mi ha sorpreso per le tende oscuranti motorizzate e i servizi igienici TOTO/bidet.

La pulizia risulta un punto di forza, con camere e spazi comuni mantenuti in ottime condizioni.

In loco non risulta un ristorante per colazione o pranzo/cena ed è l'unica vera mancanza che penso si possa attribuire a tale struttura.

電梯超級快，有附瓶裝水，但沒有附室內拖，房間也大，電視可以連手機，地點方便，整體來說是乾淨舒適的。

Great location and excellent service.

This is part of Hilton's Club; (basically a timeshare).  They also function as a hotel.  We were there as a hotel guest.  ||The good:  It is in a good location in Midtown.  It is bright and clean.  The room was nice.  There is a small courtyard on the first floor that is against an old building.  We stayed there a few days as a hotel guest.   Some of the people staying there are doing so as part of the "Club" timeshare.   The room prices are similar to other hotels in Manhattan.  The rooms are small.  They have a nice exercise room that I used a couple of times.  The staff are for the most part friendly and helpful.  We had a problem with the A/C, that was addressed and fixed quickly.  ||The not so good:  Maid service is spotty.  They appear to be understaffed in this department.  The housekeeping staff they have are very busy and work very hard.  We had housekeeping service about half our stay and had to request it multiple times.  There is no restaurant or bar there for regular hotel guests.  On the second floor, there is an "owners" lounge inside and an outside patio.  Hotel guests cannot access these.  I would think there would be some access for hotel guests, either as a promotion once or twice during the stay to promote their "Club" membership; or as an add on for a fee.  There is an excellent dumpling and Japanese food restaurant right across the street from the hotel called Joe's Home of Soup Dumplings.  Many other places to each within a few blocks, | The music in the workup room is loud, and a form of techno K-pop.  You cannot turn it off or down.  There are two TVs there, so if you want to watch a sporting event or other show while you work out, the sound competes.  They will supply you with disposable earbuds if you ask to connect to the TV, but that won't block out the music.  ||Overall, a reasonable place to stay if you don't need most of the usual associated amenities of a regular hotel.

Tolle, sehr zentrale Lage.  Sehr zu empfehlen

Ett mycket bra hotell med perfekt läge på Manhattan. Enkelt att ta sig dit med shuttle från Newark som stannar vid Central station eller Bryant park. |Rummet var snyggt och rent med sköna sängar. Det var inte stort men hade all nödvändig utrustning. Fräscht badrum. |Många frukostatällen runtomkring och bara 10 kvarter bort ligger Central park.

All is good, but they clean every 3 days. The front office is excellent.

Everything was wonderful from check in to check out... I will go back in the future....

Hotel moderno, habitaciones muy cómodas. A media cuadra de la 5ta avenida, Catedral de San Patricio, Rockefeller Center. Muy cerca de Grand Central. Cerca hay 2 entradas al Subway y ascensor para la estación Madison del LIRR. Personal muy atento.

Hotel bien placé, Chambre propre et... C'est tout !
Check in fait en 30 secondes, on nous a balancé 2 cartes de la ville, 0 informations sauf le distributeur de glace au 2eme, et voilà.

A chaque fois que nous arrivions ou partions de l'hôtel, mis à part le portier qui était toujours tout sourire, toutes les personnes derrière la réception faisait semblant de travailler et de ne pas nous vois, pas un bonjour, RIEN !

Je trouve ça pas correct.

The Hilton Club The Central at 5th, was a quiet oasis in the middle of Manhattan.  The rooms are larger than we have stayed in before and offered a refrigerator, Keurig Coffee and Tea as well as bottles of water.  The staff were kind, quick to respond and arranged transportation for us to JFK.  The king bed was one of the most comfortable that we have ever slept in.  The hotel is located near the shops on 5th Avenue and a short walk to Broadway.   We will be back!

Very nice hotel with clean rooms and friendly service. Location is pretty close to Rockefeller Center.

This is a surprise to us. The location is good and convenient. Room, it is modern and comfortable. I would say this is a good choice for single or couple travelers. Prob not necessarily for family with kids. Will come again w my wife.

Excellent hôtel, bien situé, chambre propre avec literie confortable, personnel très sympathique et serviable, Laura, Fanny et les garçons. J’y reviendrai

Convenient to theater, shopping, food options and trains. Excellent staff, friendly and helpful!

Here for business - great location!

I have multiple chemical sensitivity MCS, and requested a fragrance free room and I GOT IT! I LOVE ❤️ this property. It is in the vibrant neighborhood of 5th Ave. This beautiful property is very well maintained. My room was very spacious and clean.The staff were very friendly. I mentioned to housekeeping that I was on my way to the Plaza hotel to celebrate my birthday. When I returned to my room there were balloons,  cake and confectionery. This is my now the hotel I will stay in whenever am in Manhattan!

This is a good one. Staff is super accommodating. Rooms are lovely. Location is stellar.

Would return in a heartbeat.

Thanks, Hilton. Well done!

This is a very clean and quiet hotel in the middle of city with spacious room, helpful staffs, lots of amenities, coffee maker with very good coffee,  complimentary water bottle,even a complimentary umbrella save our day on raining day. Toilet seat was pretty advanced. Security is good, room card to access entrance at night and card access to elevator.

Overall, the stay at The Central at 5th was very disappointing. Upon arrival, we were not warmly greeted and were quickly checked in with no mention about upgrade eligibility or any benefits or amenities at the property. Our bags were held until the room was ready, and upon return to get the room, we were handed the keys and shooed away to the elevators to get our bags ourselves and head to the room. Upon arrival to the room, it was very disappointing. The floors under the furniture were visibly dirty in the daylight, and the room was the smallest ever seen in this property. We were situated right next to the housekeeping room and because of this there was quite a bit of noise consistently coming from the door. After staying in the room for an hour or so, when went to make a coffee at the provided machine, it did not work and we contacted guest services through the texting service. After being told someone would come to replace the machine, a housekeeping worker proceeded to visit our room three (yes, three, for one machine replacement) separate times, the first to check the issue and see if the machine was 'really' broken (it most definitely was), the second to come and bring in a 'new' machine (looked many years older than the one provided), and the third to come bring coffee and test the machine. For the rest of the stay, it was thankfully uneventful, but there was just an overall cold feel to this property. For the entirety of the stay, not a single staff member said hello to us, or greeted us, or opened property doors for us. Having stayed at all possible HGV properties in NYC, this is by far the most disappointing out of all of them, and should be ashamed to call itself a HGV property with this poor level of service for such a bizarre price.

No lo recomiendo. Estuve la semana pasada. El personal totalmente maleducado. No tuvimos agua caliente por dos días, nos dijeron que fue un problema en todo el hotel y no hicieron nada para resolver el problema. La cama era incómoda con el colchón demasiado blando. Una vergüenza el servicio. Pésima experiencia.

Ottima soluzione di fronte al Rockefeller Center. Tutto nuovo, moderno, profumato, pulito. Letto comodissimo !  Torneremo sempre in questo albergo.

I had an incredibly disappointing experience during my stay at this Hilton Club The Central at 5th New York property, which is particularly disheartening as a Diamond member who rarely shares negative feedback.

While the hotel itself was decent — especially the lobby bathrooms (all the bathrooms are equipped with bidets) — my experience was marred by significant issues. Upon arrival, I was greeted by buckets placed throughout the lobby, catching water from a leaking ceiling. This unexpected situation led to a halt in check-ins. Although we waited two hours for the water to be restored, we soon discovered that there was no hot water available for our showers. For two days, my family and I endured freezing cold showers, despite being repeatedly assured that the issue was resolved and they were waiting for the boilers to heat up. I was visiting NYC with my family but my daughter fell very ill after taking 2 freezing cold showers so we were stuck in this dungeon for most of the trip and had to order medicine to help her recover. The lack of communication from the staff was particularly frustrating; we only learned about the hot water problem by stepping into the cold shower ourselves.

On the third day, hot water returned, but it was scalding hot — so much so that it felt like boiling water. To add to our difficulties, the elevator broke down later that same day. When it came time to check out on the fourth day, I had to make three phone calls just to receive a copy of my bill via email.

Given these numerous issues, I cannot recommend this property. I will unequivocally refrain from returning, unless points are offered in exchange for this review. I believe my experience warrants a serious reconsideration of management practices at this location.

The hotel should change its name to Hilton Club The Central Motel — because that’s essentially what it is.
There’s no food service of any kind, no stocked minibar (aside from two bottles of water), and just one ice machine for the entire hotel. Checkout is 10:00 am which is definitively a first. During our stay, there was no hot water in the shower for two full days. For $340 a night, you expect a lot more. Definitely avoid.

Update! 8/2/2025
Now we have NO water at all! No guests where notified that the water was off! Another day in NYC without a shower or bath in the summer time!!! And with no notifications! Poor communication to guests, horrific experience!

I'm currently here right now. We have had ZERO hot water!!! When we arrived the water was off and they worked on it for hours. Day 2 and NO hot water. When we ask about it we keep getting the run around, no one updates you on the water issue. Our automatic shades malfunctioned so that had to be serviced!
THEN I found brown stains on the mattress cover that was on the pullout bed couch(HARD AND FLAT). I pulled out the bag that contains extra bedding and it reeked! House keeping had to come to our room at 11pm to handle this as well.
Bring your own blanket as they use the thin waffle "blankets" no comforters!
This morning I ran the water in the tub and it was yellow. We have contacted the front office for each of these concerns and haven't been contacted about our stay!

This is very disappointing!!!

No sé lo recomiendo a nadie! La ubicación es perfecta, instalaciones en buen estado, pero la actitud del personal es lamentable. Estuvimos más de 24 horas sin agua caliente y no nos ofrecieron ninguna solución ni compensación. El colchón es viejo y se hunde al medio, lo que me genera mucho dolor de espalda. Fué por lejos mi peor experiencia en un hotel.

Good location to travel in Manhattan, and kind hotel staff. But no other facilities like a gym or swimming pool. Suitable for travelers who will just travel and sleep.
Uber drivers were struggling to find the exact location with the address and so was I. Later on, I used the name of the steakhouse“Wolf & lamb steakhouse” which is next to the hotel.

위치가 좋고 호텔 직원들이 친절함. 근데 체육관이나 수영장 등 다른 시설들이 없어서 여행하고 잠만 잘 여행객들에게 적합.
우버 택시 기사들이 정확한 위치를 못 찾아서 헤맸는데, 우버앱이나 구글에 호텔 옆 스테이크 하우스인 “Wolf & lamb steakhouse”를 입력하는 게 찾기에 편함.

Good location to travel in Manhattan, and kind hotel staff. But no other facilities like a gym and swimming pool. Suitable for travelers who will just travel and sleep.|Uber drivers were struggling to find the exact location with the address and so was I. Later on, I used the name of the steakhouse“Wolf & lamb steakhouse” which is next to the hotel.||위치가 좋고 호텔 직원들이 친절함. 근데 체육관이나 수영장 등 다른 시설들이 없어서 여행하고 잠만 잘 여행객들에게 적합. 우버 택시 기사들이 정확한 위치를 못 찾아서 헤맸는데, 우버앱이나 구글에 호텔 옆 스테이크 하우스인 “Wolf & lamb steakhouse”를 입력하는 게 찾기에 편함.

I suppose I had bad luck with one of the rooms I received. We booked two rooms, and one of them was great with no issues. However, the other room was designed for a disabled person in a wheelchair, which is commendable for a hotel to have, but for me, it was quite uncomfortable. Everything was built for someone in a wheelchair — the mirror height, the toilet, the shower, tables, doors, and all facilities appeared to be made for wheelchair users, which made me feel very uncomfortable. As I mentioned, it was just bad luck with the room, and that coloured my overall experience at the hotel. It's good that NYC never sleeps, so I didn’t spend much time there. There was no lobby bar or restaurant at all, but there are plenty of options nearby.

Good

Richtig tolles Hotel mitten in New York!
Die Lage ist unschlagbar – direkt an der 5th Avenue und trotzdem ruhig. Die Zimmer sind super sauber, das Bett mega bequem, und das Personal war freundlich und hilfsbereit.

Ich hab mich richtig wohlgefühlt und würde sofort wiederkommen!

Hotel posizionato benissimo, a pochi minuti a piedi alle metro e attaccato ai negozi e ristoranti. L’hotel è tenuto bene, noi abbiamo scelto senza colazione e abbiamo chiesto una camera non rumorosa e ci hanno messo con vista interna. Personale molto gentile, c’era l’acqua e ghiaccio gratuito e in stanza c’era il caffè e te’. Abbiamo prenotato per 6 notti e tra il terzo e quarto giorno rifanno la camera e ti rimettono il caffè. C’era il termostato per l’aria condizionata, ma anche spegnendolo la stanza rimaneva fresca anche perché c’era una areazione dell’hotel e quindi anche in stanza. L’unica cosa faceva rumore, ma era inevitabile, ci si è poi abituati. TV grande con canali solo americani. Posto da segnarselo per un eventuale ritorno. Da un milanese milanista

Great location and wonderful staff. The pictures are our view from room 2405.

Sehr zu empfehlen. Das Hotel ist in bester Lage für Erkundungen. Freundliches Personal und geräumige Zimmer. Fußläufig Restaurants und Supermärkte.

My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay here during our birthday week coming from Boston! It’s in a quiet part near some shops/restaurants and pretty accessible to the subway. We’ll definitely come back throughout the year. Thank you for making us comfortable during our stay!

When we visit Broadway Entertainment, this is the place.

My wife and I recently stayed at the Hilton Club The Central at 5th, and it was an outstanding experience from start to finish. We travel to New York 3-4 times a year and have stayed at many hotels, but this one truly stands out.

Regina, the concierge, went above and beyond to make our stay special. Upon arrival, she noticed it was my wife's birthday and surprised us with a bottle of wine and chocolates in our room. This thoughtful gesture made my wife's day and set the tone for a memorable visit. Throughout our stay, the staff was incredibly attentive—every time we arrived or left, the doors were opened for us, and we were greeted warmly.

One of the biggest surprises was the spaciousness of our room. Unlike many New York hotels that can feel cramped, our room was beautifully designed to maximize space and comfort. It felt open, modern, and inviting—perfect for relaxing after a day in the city.

The location is fantastic, with amazing restaurants and markets within easy walking distance. Whether you want to explore the city or just enjoy the local neighborhood, you’re perfectly situated here.

This hotel exceeded our expectations in every way. The combination of exceptional service, thoughtful touches, and a prime location made our trip unforgettable. Thank you to Regina and the entire Hilton staff for making our stay so wonderful. We will definitely be back!

This is a great Midtown hotel so well located.

Conveniently located to Time Square. Staff is very welcoming and friendly. Rooms are nice. I am enjoying my stay so far.

I enjoyed my stay at this hotel as I experienced New York City for the first time. Easy walk to Times Square and close to alot of designer stores.

Excelente

Great location. Friendly and helpful staff

Séjour de deux semaines passé dans cet hôtel, parfaitement situé immédiatement à côté de la 5eme avenue (énormément de points d’intérêts à 15min max à pied : central Park, Time Square, Empire State Building, Centre Rockefeller…)

Chambres modernes et très propres
Personnel très gentil et serviable

Je retournerai sans hésiter dans cet hôtel !

Excellent service and comfort, close to everything, all attractions.

Perfect place. They installed bidet in their toilet. Amazing!  👍🏻

Hotel fantastico all’incrocio tra la 48th e la 5th. Vicino a Times Square e tutte le principali attrazioni e negozi. Camere spaziose e pulite con letto e cuscineria super comoda. Le camere vengono pulite ogni 3 giorni ma a richiesta possono essere pulite. TV gigante in camera con la possibilità di fare mirroring dal proprio dispositivo. Personale cordiale e disponibile per qualsiasi richiesta. Acqua gratis offerta dal personale di reception ogni sera o qualsiasi volta lo si richiedesse. Lo consiglio vivamente e ci ritornerei!

We have stayed here a number of times.  The location is great.  This last time we found a bedbug on the sheets.  The hotel offered to pay any cleaning fees and I am still very frustrated and unhappy.

Beautiful hotel, great staff, very comfortable, updated, and well cared for rooms.  Really enjoyed our stay! Very close to attractions- Times Square, Rockafeller Center, shopping...Also close to both Grand Central and Penn Station.  Great experience and very friendly and attentive staff!

Great rooms ,very clean and in the middle of Manhattan.

Extraordinary Hotel. Wonderful service, friendly staff, reception. Take care of their guests seriously. Booked for a week, perfect location.

Ottimo albergo a pochi metri dalla 5th Avenue, camere spaziose e bagni ampi. In camera disponibile macchinetta con cialde e capsule con tè e caffè deca, Bottigliette di acqua gratis la sera. Ottimo servizio taxi.

This has became the only place we stay every time we visit. It’s clean, very nice staff and the outside designated drop area for residents is phenomenal when you’re catching an uber or taxi.

We spent our anniversary in Manhattan and used Hilton Central on 5th as our home base as we are HGV owners. We saw a handful of negative reviews and were a bit worried. We found the hotel to be luxurious, well appointed, and centrally located for broadway and many other tourist locales. MTA is also easily accessible as well. The HGV folks tried to get us  to do a 1 hour sales meeting, but they were not too pushy. So that’s why I’m giving a 5 star review.

Great stay except for the fact that 1) the room was VERY warm even though it was 30 degrees outside and 2) They tried to sell me a time share as soon as I checked in.

Convenient location right at 5th. Property is new and modern. View from higher floors is spectacular.

Perfect.  Highly recommend!!

This was such an amazing hotel!  We had two premium one bedrooms on different floors.  It was perfect for a family of 5 with all adults. Everyone was friendly and extremely accommodating.  The location was perfect to go see all of the attractions. Thank you to Hilton for making our stay perfect!

Do not buy the Hilton Grand Vacations package. It is a complete waste of money. You are required to do a 2 hour "tour" and there are restrictions on when the tour takes place during your stay.  You cannot do the tour on the day you check in or out, and there are only specific time slots for the tours that YOU have to work around. This is so irritating and now I cannot use the package on my trip, because it interferes with my actual trip plans.
A very colossal waste of money.

Great place in a great location

The room was spacious, the staff were accommodating and the location was fantastic. I don’t love being right at the heart of the action. This hotel is about a block and a half from everything it seemed. BennyJohn’s next door  was a great place for a drink and a bite away from the crowds. I am a huge fan of the HGV or Hilton Club hotels.

The facility itself is first rate: new, modern, well-designed, and easy to navigate. The room and bathroom were nicely sized. The shower was fantastic. The location is excellent. Every person we encountered was friendly and wanting to be helpful. The elevators are fast. The breakfast and evening reception had good food and drinks and provided great service. The window coverings having a sheer curtain and a blackout curtain controlled electronically was terrific. Small negatives were being on the 23rd floor (minimized street noise), the only thing you could see out of the window was other buildings, and getting to the refrigerator was a chore.

We absolutely love this hotel. It's in the heart of everything but still feels small and quiet for Manhattan. The service is great and the rooms are luxurious.

Ótimas acomodações, equipe super dedicada e atenciosa. As condições de limpeza são excepcionais, além da localização privilegiada.

The hotel has a lot of great features - it’s clean, modern, and spacious (for NYC standards). The service was also, by and large, very good. However, at this price point, I think housekeeping services should be available daily. (There should also be more than one hook to hang towels.) They told us housekeeping is provided every 5 days, but that it’s also available on request. However, when we asked for housekeeping, we were told that the room would be serviced and it never was. It was frustrating to get back to the room after a long day out, only to find the bed wasn’t made and there were no clean towels to use. When we called reception and explained what happened, they brought fresh towels but didn’t apologize or acknowledge their mistake. It’s a small thing and it’s forgivable, but I expected slightly more from a hotel of this caliber.

Way over valued, I’ve stayed at amazing hotels, nothing stood out to me as “wow”!

Owners lounge is only available to owners of that property. Hmmm I thought we were all owners? Nope not the way Hilton Grand Vacations sees it.

3 nights was a whole years points, in NYC…not the Caribbean, not Barbados, but NYC! Yet no owners lounge!

I went by almost every night to see emptiness, but don’t fret the food went to the staff at closing!

Location was perfect though, easy to get around and close to Time Square. Would I stay there again? No, simple answer with understood motives.

The only amazing part of the stay…heated bathroom floors and a bidet!

Très cher mais parfaitement placé et efficace. Je ne connaissais pas ces concepts Hilton sans bar sans restaurant sans chambres faites tous les jours, mais correspondait parfaitement à notre séjour de 5 jours. Personnel très souriant et sympathique

Literally down the road from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Great location. Great view (Rockefeller Tower is out the window). One of our rooms wasn't available on the first night so I had to sleep on the ground but I don't think that's their fault tbh. Room service was good, but he left in the middle to help someone else which was awkward.

Very friendly staff. Everything looks brand new

Locatiin is amazing. The room was new, widesparkling clean ✨️
Antonio on the reception was amazing and helpful, and room service was fast and kind.

One issue I faced was that the electrical sockets in the bathroom are not working but it solved once I use the hairdryer in the room.

Highly recommend, but it is pricey

Great place, i will always stay here.

This hotel is fabulous! Absolutely a great location for seeing many sites within walking distance. The staff is very accommodating and ready to help with anything you may need. I only have good things to say about this hotel/staff. Rooms are much bigger than expected and are so up-to-date in style and function. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.

The rooms are very small and the flooring in ours was definitely in need of replacing.  There’s only one ice machine for the entire building located on the second floor.  The desk staff were not very amenable.  The doormen were great.  We had a one bedroom penthouse that said it sleeps 4. 2 is all I would recommend.  The couch bed would sleep two people very close together, but the space is so tight it’s not very feasible.  The bathroom was very large with walk in shower, huge tub and separate toilet room.  Only downside was a single sink vanity.

They were kind to give the room earlier at 10 am because i came in red eye flight. Room is decent size not too huge. It was smaller than I expected. I think it is pricey for what it has to offer. I guess its the location for which we pay the premium

Great location, great staff, cozy & modern

Shout out to Antonio, who made out visit comfortable from helping us with an early check in to service during our almost 4 day stay. Centrally located to most of the attractions mid town and easy access to the subway to go downtown or Uptown.  lRecommend this place and service staff are awesome.

This review is for the concierge that helped us with a car service on Thursday night. We came into the city from Tarrytown and had 8 Uber’s cancel on us. It was close to midnight and we had a long drive out to Tarrytown. The gentleman at the front arranged a driver for us and it was so very much appreciated. We will definitely stay at the Hilton next time we’re in town as a result of this kind gesture.

뉴욕여행 최고의선택이었습니다.
우선 위치가 좋습니다. 타임스퀘어, 록펠러센터, 센트럴파크, 모마 등 주요관광지를 걸어다닐수있어서 무척편했습니다.
주변에 투고해서 먹을만한 식당들도 많아서 비싼 뉴욕외식물가에 숙소에서편하게 쉬면서 저녁먹고 또 구경나가기 너무좋습니다.
물이나 수건은 요청하면 바로바로 갖다주셔서 전혀불편함이없었고 숙소 청소는 아침에 프론트에 요청하면 깨끗하게 해줍니다!
뉴욕답지않게 룸도 꽤넓직해서 5일동안 숙박하는데 너무좋았습니다.

Hotel limpo, ótima localização e atendentes atenciosos.

Very close to Rockefeller Center, Times Square. Walking distance from my lot of interesting things.

Location is great for getting to most of the must-see sites in Manhattan

Rooms are good-sized with comfy beds, and the bathroom has a bidet!

Quick check-in and check-out process, with friendly staff recommending great places to eat at nearby

All in all, a very nice stay :)

Great central location to Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall. Quick walk to Time Square.  Easy access to the subway system.  Would love a small microwave in the room. The bathroom has limited counter space and only 1 hook for a towel (room for 2 people).

Clean and spacious rooms near Rockefeller Center.

My stay was great. Excellent location and the room was spacious. The room had everything I needed and I felt very safe. My main concern when staying at hotels is the internal noise level (I read many reviews to determine if this hotel would be a good fit for me) and overall my room was pretty soundproof. I only heard when someone closed their door, and since the floor doesn’t have any carpeting I could vaguely hear an occasion thump (maybe 3 times in total). So this hotel has my approval. I loved the amenities in the room such as the blackout curtains and the large tv made me feel like I was in my personal movie theater. I’m in NYC often for work, so I will definitely be staying here again. As mentioned earlier, soo much to do in the surrounding area, shops, restaurants, and more! Highly recommend!

Sehr gutes, sauberes Hotel und Service auch sehr gut.

Beautiful sparkling big rooms with the best services!
They have smart tv, speaker, nice mini fridge.
I had my birthday here. Elvin the front desk and all other staffs went above and beyond to ensure that we had a great time!
Welcoming, professional and friendly.
My favorite hotel and would 100% comeback!

Yeah I guess it's all about the location but compared to other HGVC properties they offer nothing. I find it actually insulting. They don't even offer a lounge and coffee area to you unless you buy the New York property.

I would not recommend staying here. Save your points and book a Hampton
Moreover, it took 45 minutes to get my car out of $80 per night parking.

네이버에도 그렇고 한국인들 후기가 많이 없어서 남겨요 결론적으로 이 호텔 완전 추천함 이 가격에 이 위치 이 컨디션이라니.. 뉴욕호텔 좁고 더러운 곳이 많은데 여기는 방도 넓고 너무 너무 깔끔합니다. 침대 너무 푹신해서 맨날 기절함 ㅋㅋ 방은 5일에 한번씩 청소해주지만 괜찮아요. 물도 말하면 바로 바로 가져다줌. 직원분들 다 너무 친절하고 위치도 너무 편하고 좋아요. 이리저리 지하철 타고 다니기도 편하고 걸어가기도 편한 위치임. 아 그리고 피트니스 센터는 아무리 찾아도 정보가 없길래 걱정했는데 덤벨 케틀벨 런닝머신 바이크같은 기본운동 기구는 다 있어요 ! 여튼 뉴욕 여러번 방문했지만 모든 면에서 최고의 숙소임

This property was a pleasant surprise. I had a feeling it would be good, but it was great! Located centrally, literally 1 minute to Rockefeller center, it’s just the perfect location. Easily reachable by metro, walking distance to a lot of attractions and restaurants. The room was spacious, it was a suite with basically a separate bedroom. Can only recommend staying here!

Beautiful property in a great location! We are close to everything. The staff is helpful and the room is nice.

Amazing hotel and premium midtown location. I don't remember her name but she was working Sept 20 at noon and was so helpful. Highly recourse hotel!

I had a very pleasant stay.  The staff was friendly, especially for NYC.  They upgraded my room and it was gorgeous.

Service is good, but there is no restaurant so room service is not available.

I used the valet parking and they were fast, courteous and very gentle with my car (even though it was a rental!)

Stayed here for one night and I wish we could have stayed longer. The staff here are honestly the best! Milton was so helpful with our many suitcases upon arrival and even helped us bring them down when checking out. This is our new favorite HGV location in NYC!

Steps away from Grand Central Terminal exit on 38th St. Walk to 5th, boom you’re at The Central Hilton Club, with upscale, modern designed, trendy rooms, and suites. < giant TV and NFL network! Breakfast is available to owners, but there’s no happy hour at this facility yet. The surrounding area is in midtown which gives access to department stores, restaurants, cultural events, museums, etc. all within walking distance.

This was quite possibly the best hotel I've ever stayed in. Everything was perfect. From the moment I arrived, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They always greeted us with a smile, and opened the door for us. We really felt special here. The room was immaculate. It was larger than I expected, and so well decorated and clean. Had a very modern feel. The sheer and blackout curtains were operated by a button, which was so cool and efficient. The bed was so comfy and the bedding was clean. The bathroom was incredible and sparkling clean. The shower was spacious and the water was so hot. The temp got to near boiling, it was amazing. The toilet was super fancy, with a bidet and self cleansing feature. The seat was also heated, it was the best. They had a lovely terrace which we sat on nightly. They also provided complimentary water when requested. I really just lived everything about this hotel and will stay here the next time I visit. My only complaints I had are minor first world problems lol, the trash cans were too tiny and got full quickly and I felt the toilet paper roll was too far behind me and had a hard time reaching it. 😅 This hotel, the room, the location, the employees were all the best. I will make sure to recommend it to everyone visiting. I'm sorry for the lack of pictures. I took a video of the room but google doesn't allow videos I think.

If you’re looking for a place to stay in NYC with a perfect location and the KINDEST staff… you’ve found it! This hotel was clean, every single staff members was wonderful and helpful (first time to the city, so we had questions), and it is perfectly located for literally everything. 7 minute walk to Grand Central to catch the train, amazing shopping all around, 10 minutes tops from Time Square, 5 minutes from Rockefeller, 15 minutes from Empire State Building… everything we wanted to do was either close by or an easy train ride! Very safe! This will be our go to for future NYC trips!

It was a perfect location for staying close to time square and very accessible to everything like shopping & food.

Laura is so welcoming, makes you feel right at home! Great location

Great location

I never stay in 3 star hotels. Period. But I had a last minute work trip and it easily beats all the “4 stars” I’ve used in the area. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL. The rooms are modern, very clean, bigger for NYC and smartly designed. The bathroom is big, clean, modern and has a ton of counter space. I stayed on the 25th floor and didn’t hear any street noise. Fannie at the front desk is a total pro. The staff are very friendly and attentive. I can’t say enough good things about this hotel.

Had a fantastic stay in all areas.
-Location
-Service
-Convenience
-Staff
Also, I left my reading glasses upon check out, Stephanie from Housekeeping found it and had it in safe keeping for when I trace back. Will definitely consider this location going forward. As a Hilton owner I am quite please to have a consistent experience here in NYC. Thank you

This hotel is absolutely one of the best hotels in midtown.  It's perfect for families,  girls' trips and even a romantic weekend.  The space and amenities are unbeatable. The location is also perfect.

Staff is not helpful and absolutely not proactive. We had a room for 3 people booked it took us 30min discussion with the manager, one missed restaurant reservation and it is now passed midnight and we are still waiting for someone to finish preparing the extra bed... unacceptable.

Amazing awesome loved everything

Great service and wonderful staff. All the staff actually seemed happy to be there which is a tribute to the management. Would definitely recommend this hotel. Great location and easy access to sites and transportation. A real treasure in the heart of NYC.

I had a really great stay at this hotel. Two things to take note though, is that their room cleaning service is provided every 5 nights (which means none if you stay less) and their checkout is at 10am which I find too early compared to other hotels. Other than that I loved their spacious room and modern interior design, their service-oriented mindset displayed by the employees I've come across, and convenient location which can get you to a lot of tourist spots on foot. I'm definitely coming back to this hotel if I ever revisit NYC in the future.

We were extremely pleased with our stay here. The hotel is beautifully decorated and the rooms are lovely and comfortable.
The location was fantastic. We walked to Central Park, the Empire State Building, Rockefeller Plaza, Radio City Music Hall, St. Patrick's Cathedral, everything...and we are old!  We Uber'd to Brooklyn Tab and to the World Trade Ctr. Delightful coffee shops and places to eat were everywhere.
The staff were above and beyond anything we had expected. I was going to remember lots of their names but I haven't. Bob, one of the concierges, was who we interacted the most and he was so helpful. He made our visit so much easier. We stayed in July 2023 and we are planning to go back summer 2025. We loved everything about it.  (P.S. we would have liked a small microwave but found we did fine without.)

Que hotel maravilhoso! Depois de muita procura, escolhi o Hilton para passar 5 dias em NYC. Primeira vez que iria a NYC, a expectativa era grande…
O hotel não decepcionou em nada, do momento da chegada (agradecimentos a Alexia pelo checkin antecipado), simpatia dos funcionários, localização e do quarto. Daria nota 1000. Algumas pessoas questionam sobre os dias de limpeza, mas não tive problemas com isso, é só pedir na recepção caso haja necessidade. Será minha recomendação de hospedagem para todos que conheço.

Wonderful service, staff, and location!

Una de las mejores opciones cerca de Times Square, la Estación Central y a unos pasos de la 5ta Avenida.|El hotel es muy nuevo y confortable. El staff es de lo más amable y servicial.|La habitación es pequeña pero cuenta con un baño amplio y cómodo, la TV es muy grande y cuenta con un frigobar y cafetera.|No cuenta con restaurante, pero hay muchas opciones de restaurantes y bares a unos pasos,

Absolutely the best hotel I've ever stayed in near or within NYC. The customer service is 2nd to none. The room was cleaned very well upon check-in. Most hotels do not clean this thoroughly. Excellent job! The location is perfect for everything you will want to do around Manhattan.

This hotel is excellent. it’s clean and walking distance to Times Square and boardway

Great place to stay in the heart of New York City.  Get ready to pay for this great location.  Unless you have a time share with Hilton Grand vacations.  Rockefeller center is right across the street.  Times Square is ten minute walk away.

Fannie, Antonio, XJo, Christopher, Zachary, and Laura were amazing and personable. They provided excellent food recommendations and made me feel truly at home. Moreover, the hotel rooms were impeccably clean and beautifully decorated, enhancing the overall. Tenzin was also personable and handled my housekeeping needs promptly.

One of the best locations in all of Manhattan

The hotel felt new and was very clean. The workers were very kind and helpful. The location for visiting Manhattan was perfect. We got a couple chocolates and a free bottle of wine since it was our honeymoon which was a nice touch!

This hotel is in a great location of you’re looking to visit Times Square, see a Broadway play, check out the Hudson Yards, see the Statue of Liberty or  visit Central Park. Some attractions we had to take the subway, but we easily found our way! The staff here are also incredible! We were always greeted with a smile and anything we needed, they made it happen. (Other than us wanting to get on the roof) LOL. There’s no roof access, but we tried! Haha. I’d definitely stay here again!

Wonderful staff, very friendly and accommodating.

위치가 위쪽 센트럴파크, 다운타운, 타임스퀘어 모두 가까워서 좋았어요. 방 컨디션도 좋아요. 특히 직원들이 아주 친절합니다. especially Chris ! 👍

SERVICE was phenomenal and so was the location!! I truly appreciate the effort the staff went through to make sure my stay was enjoyable, especially as an owner. They gave us plenty of food + past time options along with discounts to said places. I will definitely be back.

Very Pleasant And Professional...Laura Was Great And Friendly..I Felt Very Welcomed,We WereThere For My Birthday And She Sent Me A Bottle Of Wine And Chocolates🍾🥳Keep Up The A1 Service

The room was spacious, clean and well maintained, especially  considering it is located in New York. The staff was really friendly and nice. Just so you know there would be no house cleaning less than 5 nights, which was not a big deal to me.

Great experience

This hotel has it all if you’re in the city for a short getaway or a long stay. First, you will find the hotel to be extremely clean, artfully designed, and satisfactorily equipped with all you need to go about your days feeling refreshed and ready. The staff here are amazingly hospitable and will see to your every need. I absolutely loved staying here due to the hotels proximity to restaurants and shopping areas. In addition, the lobby area is laid out comfortably for you to take in a great read, or just sit in your thoughts for a bit. I’ll be revisiting this subtle gem in the city for management’s understanding of what makes a great hotel stay.

A nice hotel located centrally in mid town. The rooms are a decent size and in good condition. The staff are all very friendly, especially Andrea, he helped us out a lot with different recommendations in NYC. The gym was reasonable, dumbbells in many weights, a peleton bike, and treadmills.
We had an interesting experience attending one of the time-share sales pitches, I wouldn't recommend attending.

We stayed the week for a business trip. The room was clean with adequate space. Floor to ceiling window offered a great view. Staff members were pleasant and helpful. Coffee and water, when requested, were delivered to the room promptly. Location was ideal for walking to various business meetings. Plenty of lunch and dinner options were also within walking distance.

The hotel is brand new  and the staff is very pleasant. I found the rooms a bit small, but the location of the hotel is great and worked out just fine for me. I wish they served breakfast or at least the room was equipped with a microwave that would have earned a 5-star for me.

Great location and room

Wow, what a mixed bag.

Rooms are very nice, service is very good, location WILL BE EXCELLENT, but at the moment, and for the WHOLE of 2024, there is no guarantee that you will not be disturbed for THE ENTIRE NIGHT, by the nearby JP Morgan building construction, that some times starts jack hammering at 11pm and finishes at 6am.

No construction, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

WITH CONSTRUCTION … STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE IF YOU VALUE YOUR SLEEP.

The morning after, I did tell reception about my missed 4 hours of sleep and they said ‘next time we do have ear plugs at reception’ 😳

Worst place I never stayed in. Had two rooms booked in late December for family and friend trip. My father passed away the evening of our reservation and so I had to cancel. But because it was outside the cancellation window, they won’t give a refund. What is wrong with these people and Hilton Hotels?

The BEST hotel in Manhattan so far. Spacious room (really can't believe someone is writing that rooms are small here) and big bathroom, big wardrobe, workplace, very quiet, the staff is friendly and helpful. Great location. Every time in NYC we pick a different hotel, but I think better to come to this one!

Business trip. Solid rooms, clean and modern, only two material drawbacks: they don’t do daily room cleaning (it’s every 5 days, unless requested), and the gym is minimalist

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ | 📍👌🏻

Great service

Welcome home….they would say as we walked through the doors!  All the staff was amazing!   This friend was so amazing we took a picture at the end! thank you all so much for such. A lovely stay this Autumn.

The staff at this hotel offered world class service. Excellent location and nicely appointed rooms.

Outstanding location from midtown NYC with easy accessibility to sights and transportation. Room was comfortable, clean, and well outfitted. Did not use any services but certain that it is excellent.

It was what we needed for a fair price.

My friend and I chose the Hilton quite by accident without really appreciating just how perfectly located it is. We liked the pictures of the nice rooms and bathrooms (they are just as good as the pictures show).

No restaurant but it'd be a crime to eat "in" in NY so it's perfect. The staff were really polite and friendly, and they helped us to stash our luggage for a couple of nights before we actually checked-in (we visited Niagara on a bus).

Would definitely stay here again if I were in NY.

O hotel é excelente, tudo novo, super confortavel, atendimento de recepção impecavel, banheiro limpo e super completo!|O grande porem é a arrumacao do quarto, somente passam para arrumar a cada 3 ou 4 dias, e nao ha solicitacao que resolva essa questao.

Perfect location, near to the best attractions on the 5th. The staff was friendly and helped us everywhere we needed. It is definitely a place where to stay.

This is central to everything. Rooms and services are top notch.

Ho trascorso 5 notti presso questa struttura Hilton ed ho trovato un servizio davvero eccellente! Lo staff é stato sempre disponibile, dal primo momento mi ha accolto con cordialità e mi ha aiutato su come muovermi a New York. La camera era super spaziosa, con vista incredibile su Rockfeller center. Il bagno molto ampio con doccia larga e water riscaldante, disponibile anche asciugacapelli elettrico. La camera predispone di una macchinetta del caffè con 6 cialde: 2 caffè regular, 2 caffè decaffeinato e 2 te. La posizione però é il punto forte del hotel. Si trova proprio a due passi sulla 5th avenue sulla 48st E. A due passi c’è il rochfeller center e il sacks. Poi a pochi passi tutti i miglior negozio di Ncy come H&M, Best Buy, Nike, Oakley e soprattutto NBA store. La posizione é ottima anche per raggiungere Grand Central station che é proprio a 5 minuti dall’Hotel. Super consigliato!

- Room is small than we expected
- Its like a boutique style hotel
- Good amenities
- Nice shower
- A little bit over priced
- The service is amazing

Amazing room with an awesome view. Everyone was knowledgeable and helpful!

Excellent hotel easy to miss, but excellent staff, great location near everything but tucked away, and wonderful views...oh and fast elevators!

As it is a recently opened Hilton, the rooms and facilities are in excellent conditions.

Great value if you are paying under $300 a night, anything above and you might feel you overpaid. My last minute booking (1 week before) puts me squarely in the latter category, but hey that’s market forces at play.

The doormen were true gentlemen, every single one of them.

Grand Central is a short walk away, several subways stations within a block or two, ideal for getting around Manhattan and equally for the LIRR to/from JFK.

We stay here every time we come to NYC. The staff always makes us feel like we are coming home when we arrive. The rooms are always very well maintained.  The hotel is centrally located for all of our activities.  I always feel like I’m leaving family when we check out.  Thanks for being consistent in your hospitality.

Staff and location were amazing! Room was small but clean and updated. Hotel was upscale and extremely safe!

El mejor hotel donde me he hospedado en Manhattan. Definitivamente el servicio es excelente. Milton en la entrada y todas las personas de recepcion son excelentes. Definitavemnte es un hotel genial en todos aspectos.

Room was small no food service no microwave employees were very nice

This is a gem of a property in NYC.  The service, room, and property as a whole was on point. From the moment of check in, to check out, everything was great.  One knit pick, I hate the dispensers of shampoo/conditioner/body wash, it cheapens the property.  You should have individual amenities at a certain level of hotel.  That is the reason I removed 1 star from the room rating.  But for the price, it might be one of the better properties in that specific area of midtown.

Service was excellent.  All of the staff was friendly, efficient and helpful.  They made sure each guest had their needs met from the curb to the room, opening doors and greeting us each time we entered the property.  This is a level of service rarely seen today in NYC hotels.  They texted the day before my stay to make sure I was well informed and to ask if I need any special arrangements.  They allow bag storage for guests.  The hotel is very clean - also surprising these days in NYC.  It is clean by design with tile floors, comfortable mattress, black-out curtains if needed, handheld and overhead shower head, bidet, coffee maker and refrigerator.  The room is large by NYC standards with a small seating area with two chairs.  I am extremely picky about hotels, and cleanliness in particular, and this hotel really was outstanding.  It will be my go-to spot for future NYC visits.

Beautiful space and very accommodating staff.

Excelente hotel muito bem localizado. Fora da muvuca da Times Square, mas próximo de tudo que interessa!

Friendly staff, great location, confortable bed, cleaned room.
The Only one thing that ruins my stay was the construction noise during every night. Impossible to sleep. I was at the 18th floor but still.

Atendimento extremamente cordial simpático por parte dos colaboradores do Hotel. Os dois únicos apontamentos que podem ser feitos dizem respeito à limpeza periódica dos quartos, assim como em relação ao barulho nos quartos.
Com relação à limpeza, poderia ser feita mais recorrentemente e não apenas 1 vez por semana.
Quanto ao barulho, embora existam obras nos arredores, a acústica poderia ser melhorada.

This was my 1st time in New York. Staff was rude and dismissive. Room was clean but had a view of a brick building and could not even see the sky. This trash was piled up in front of our hotel. Had no Wi-Fi service. I couldn't even text or call my family to let them know I arrived safely. I checked out the next day and will never stay here again.

Love the location, close to everything I like.  Room size was prefect for me and my family.   Very accommodating to any request I made.   Just wish parking was a little close to hotel, but I understand.

Loved this hotel! Excellent amenities, friendly staff, clean room, comfortable bed, quiet… and the heated toilet was definitely a plus! We wished we could’ve stayed longer, but we had to go back to our lives. At least now we have a new go-to hotel in the city!

Always a top notch facility

The location of this hotel is amazing, you are just steps from Rockefeller Center and 5th Ave.  The area surrounding the hotel is very nice. The hotel accommodations themselves are beautiful, it can just be a bit difficult to get things like toilet paper. Our room with extremely clean.

First time stayed there

An upper end 4 star hotel with amazing staff, good location, very well maintained building, well serviced rooms.

We loved that hotel. The location is perfect, close to a lot of bus and metro stations. It’s quite new, quiet and the stuff tries everything to make you happy. We even see the Empire State and summit one from our room!

Perfect location to anytime downtown NY.  The service is great. I only wished I could get my on ice. Love the patios and the seating area in the lobby

We had a fantastic stay at the Hilton Club the central at 5th! We came to New York for our honeymoon and are so happy with our hotel pick for our 8 night stay. The staff were so friendly and helpful. Check in and out was quick and easy. The room was clean, had ample storage and very spacious (especially for New York). We would definitely stay here again, and would definitely recommend!

Great experience ❤️

Excelente hotel, la mejor ubicación!! El personal siempre atento a las necesidades e inquietudes.

The location is fantastic, the rooms tastefully appointed (clean and new).   The staff was absolutely incredible,… every single single staff member was friendly, professional, and exceeded my expectations.

Awesome place to stay

Right on Times Square. Very clean room great I mean great stay. I didn’t catch her name but she was a amazing. It was late, traveling for work with four kids and she got me a room. The view was amazing, the bathroom was clean, and the room was immaculate. Thank you. The kids loved staying here and I got some well needed rest!

Outstanding hotel! Rooms are very nice and clean and the view is amazing!
Staff is vey polite and kind. Location is great! I would defintely come back!

If there is something to improve, the inly thing would be a breakfast!

Si tratta di un albergo nuovissimo collocato in un punto strategico della città che ti permette di visitare molte delle attrazioni della città già a piedi, e in ogni caso la stazione della metro è molto vicina così come la Central Station.|Le camere sono nuovissime e arredate in modo semplice , ma elegante e funzionale, il personale è cortesissimo e disponibile. Il servizio di pulizia della camera viene effettuato ogni 3 gg ma si può richiedere un intervento straordinario. Il prezzo, perlomeno nel periodo in cui ho soggiornato io era assolutamente concorrenziale per un albergo di quel livello. Unica pecca, ma non dipende dalla loro gestione, interventi di ristrutturazione di un palazzo non lontano che nella fascia 10-12 pm diventava particolarmente rumoroso disturbando un po’ il sonno. |In ogni caso, assolutamente raccomandato.

Our stay was very pleasant. The team was very helpful and service was excellent. Special thanks to Edgar for helping us coordinate our airport transportation - very helpful!

I stayed here for a week and I really enjoyed my stay. The rooms were clean and pretty spacious for a New York hotel. The staff were very friendly and always greeted me. The location was chef’s kiss! It was at the heart of everything! You can walk to Central Park, shopping, and multiple subway stations. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting New York for the first time!

One of the best hotel I ever had in nyc. It’s totaly great. The rooms are clean and really nice. The reception desk was friendly and it is real good located.

Nice and friendly staff at first, they over charge me for parking due to the fact that I drive a SUV they never explain that there was a difference of price do to the type of vehicle that you drive when I call to get a refund a manager called RODRIGO PANGEFBAN stated that an investigation was needed, witch is complete B.S and the told me and my wife that it was our fault and we had to deal with it. Be careful with them because they don't care about their reputation, if I was you go some place where you will be respected.  THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER PLACES THAT YOU CAN GO.

The staff was amazing, rooms where very clean and beds where so comfortable

Muy comoda la habitacion, amplia, limpoa y moderna. Excelente descanso. Muy buena ubiccion a menos de dos cuadras de times square pero sin bullicio. Excelente trato del personal del hotel. Todos muy amables, el hotel muy privado, descansas del ruido y la gente, amenidades de lujoo

Belle hôtel avec un personnel accueillant et respectueux
Seul bémol le ménage tous les 3 jrs et il faut demander….
Au prix de la chambre ce n est pas acceptable
Et ce n est pas dans un soucis écologique car la Clim est à fond😉

Everyone was very very helpful!  Great location!!

A really terrific modern hotel in midtown, with exceptional staff. Great place to use as a hub for walking around the city, with large new rooms that were very comfortable.

신축에 깨끗하고 서비스도 좋고 대만족이요

A beautifully, newly renovated building.  The rooms are super nice, clean and modern.
The front desk help is friendly and quick to help with anything you need.
Antonio, behind the desk was terrific, polite and accommodating, as were all whom I dealt with during my recent 5 night stay!
The location was super convenient too!!

Outstanding place to stay! Can't beat the location; rooms are elegant and so comfortable. Much better than any regular Hilton.

Big room for new york standards. Everything is new and clean. The rooms are well designed and comfortable. Staff were so friendly and welcoming. What a fantastic experience.

This property is elegant and the service is superior. It’s a hidden gem.

The best rooms and amenities I've stayed at in NYC.  Rooms were so spacious, the bathrooms were wonderful, and the staff was so friendly.  Would stay here again if they have space.

Great location with nice accommodation,  awa clean and friendly environment.

Great Property! Great Staff! Great Location!!!

キレイで感じの良いホテルです。周りの治安もよく安心して過ごす事ができました。ブロードウェイまで歩いて行けるので、格安レンタカーチケットを取りに朝から娘と並びました。各国のレストランがあるのでアメリカ料理で胃が疲れたので韓国、タイ、中華料理を食べましたがおいしかったです！

Hotel novo, sem carpete nos quartos, atendimento excelente e localização perfeita! Perto do metrô, da 5 avenida e próximo a várias atrações relevantes de NY. ||O único ponto negativo foi que se quiser arrumação do quarto todo dia tem que pedir na recepção, no primeiro dia sai e quando voltei não havia sido limpo e arrumado, então quando no dia seguinte, perguntei informaram que estava programado para o dia seguinte, e se quisesse antes deveria solicitar a antecipação da limpeza. Não me recordo se precisava pagar a arrumação extra.

A true luxury experience from the staff to the room and beyond. Upon arrival, a helpful bellman helped us secure parking in front of the hotel then helped us onload. Check in was fast and easy. The room was perfectly clean and temperature was perfect. Coffees and waters were all readily available at any time. We even stored our bags there after check out so that we could enjoy one last dinner in NYC before heading home. From start to finish, we really enjoyed our stay.

This is a place to sleep, that’s it. There is no room service for food or alcohol. Checkout is at 10:00am. You can have a better hotel experience with just a little more.

The room is clean and quiet and front desk person is superiors!

We had an amazing experience during our family trip. The staff were beyond accommodating. Everyone was extremely kind and friendly. Our flight got cancelled the day we were scheduled to leave and we were able to extend our stay with no drama or problems. We will definitely stay here again our next trip to New York!

Let me take a moment to say thanks for excellent service provided by Andra Marketing executive
& Antonio & chris from the reception

Amazing hotel & large rooms

Our room was spacious and service was 5-star. We had this wonderful view of the Rockefeller Center from our window. The location is great, close to the subway and walkable. The hotel provides complimentary water, tea and coffee upon request. I'm definitely staying again!

We had a wonderful stay here & would highly recommend this accom to anyone. The location was incredible & the service was outstanding. We felt like the staff went above & beyond to accommodate us – Zachary & Christopher in particular were a stand out with their friendly customer service.

Service is bad. U have to ask to be cleaned. The room is tiny. They also insist and put sales desk next to elevators to stalk you and make u buy their bad time-share of grand vacations

This is a fantastic place to stay in New York City. The location is amazing. Convenient to everything in Midtown. The rooms are gorgeous with high end amenities. However, all of that pales in comparison to the staff working at The Central on 5th. You will not find kinder, more helpful, more professional staff anywhere else in New York. The men and women working here will go above and beyond to attend to your every need. They are simply wonderful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.

Had an amazing stay during my trip back to NYC. The customer service here is unmatched, super clean and modern rooms and everyone is so friendly and helpful. They check on you during your entire stay and ensure they are doing everything that they can to make your stay memorable. This will be my new go to hotel in NYC. Special thanks to Zachary and so many others (forgot to ask names) who went above and beyond during our stay and I’m sure they do that for every guest.

It was an incredible week and the hotel is very close to everything, I would like to have breakfast but everything was fantastic thanks to everyone and thank you very much Laura

We stayed at this property for 4 nights at the beginning of May.  We took a red eye flight the night before and arrived the next day at 10:30 a.m.  When we walked in, we were warmly greeted by the staff.  We were not expecting to get our room right away but they had a room ready and the staff assigned us a room right away.

When we walk in our studio room on the 26th floor and the view was spectacular.  The room was luxurious, clean, modern, and spacious.  The room had a large work desk, Keurig coffee machine, fridge, toiletries, large tv, privacy curtains and a large bathroom with a walk-in shower.

The best part of this property is that all the staff members provided top notch service.  They greeted us every day when we walked in or out of the lobby, gave us helpful directions and info to restaurants, attractions, subway lines, etc.  They would send me a daily text to see how my stay was going or if I needed anything such as coffee, water, towel, etc. and if so, it would deliver to my room within minutes.

A special thanks to Anish and his staff for providing us with such great customer service and making our trip to NYC wonderful and memorable.

Albergo eccellente! Stanza grande, comoda in ogni dettaglio. Letto meraviglioso, guanciali comodi. Bagno eccellente con wc giapponese (con getto d’acqua posteriore e anteriore, sedile riscaldato); doccia a vetri grandissima con soffione fisso e cornetta mobile, con ottima pressione dell’acqua e temperatura perfetta; tantissimo spazio per riporre i propri effetti personali; accappatoi e asciugamani di lusso. Stanza al 25mo piano con vista mozzafiato sulla città e in particolare sul Rockfeller Center. Camera perfettamente insonorizzata e silenziosa. Gestione autonoma della temperatura con efficiente termostato interno (ventilazione, freddo, caldo). Finestra apribile autonomamente anche se per pochi gradi. Tv almeno 50 pollici con collegamento internet. Wifi gratuito molto efficiente. Grandi spazi per riporre i propri effetti personali: armadi, cassetti, scrivania, sottoletto, comodini. Ottima illuminazione e regolazione meccanizzata delle tende, di cui quella oscurante perfettamente funzionale (fa buio anche col sole del mattino). Macchinetta del caffè in stanza con capsule di tè e caffè, crema, zucchero. Frigo bar, cassaforte, asse e ferro da stiro, asciugacapelli mobile. Prese in grande numero, anche usb e usb-c, anche vicino al letto. Ottimo servizio e assistenza per qualsiasi richiesta. Tre ascensori che servono comodamente 30 piani. Reception 24/24h. Posizione centralissima, sulla 5th avenue, a pochi passi dalla metro Rockfeller e tante linee di autobus. Arredamento moderno e curato, senza moquette. Pulizia ogni tre giorni, ma disponibili per ogni richiesta.
Rapporto qualità-prezzo eccellente.
Il miglior hotel in cui ho soggiornato.

The hotel has excellent staff and beautiful rooms.

C’est un Hôtel très bien situé au milieu de la 5th avenue. L’hôtel est calme avec un confort incroyable.
Le personnel est très agréable et vous permet de passer un très bon séjour.

Εξαιρετική τοποθεσία, πεντακάθαρο δωμάτιο & ευγενικό προσωπικό! Η τέλεια επιλογή για διαμονή με ασφάλεια στο κέντρο του Manhattan!

Amazing location! Very safe! Staff is helpful anytime you need anything, friendly!
Rooms are clean and brand new!

Das Zimmer war super sauber! Alle sehr freundlich. Ich bin immer sehr kritisch was die Sauberkeit betrifft, aber hier war nichts auszusetzen! Ich komme auf jeden Fall wieder!

Beautiful view. Great bed. Everything was top of the line

Ho soggiornato in questo hotel questo mese e lo consiglio vivamente!!!! Posizione ottima sulla 5th av. Molto moderno e tranquillo. Il personale sempre a disposizione del cliente e molto educato.. una bella esperienza.

Vildona and staff were exceptional, very knowledgeable i. Helping us navigate the subway system

This is a very nicely appointed room in the middle of NYC. Location is very convenient to subway stations and within walking distance to the Time Square.

Beautiful place. Exception staff. Great location.

Check-in is really easy at this location. My stay was short so I didn’t use the services of this hotel. The room is what you’d expect from a Hilton…clean and safe. Access to floors via elevator requires your room key.

Location of the hotel was chosen because of where the St Patrick’s parade is staged. But it is just blocks away from Rockerfeller center, Times Square, and even Central Park.

Public transit system gets you anywhere you want to go. I was visiting Wall St…and it’s a short walk to grand central station and a ride on the 4 or 6 train to get there.

I’d stay here again in the future. It’s a safe place to get your rest…especially if you’re not planning to stay in the hotel all day.

The staff are wonderful here and are so welcoming you feel like you’re a guest staying in their own personal home. Location is excellent for walking to most places!

The hotel itself was good, but I had issues with the front desk. They informed me my reservation had been canceled and there was no more availability. In the process of finding a solution, I went out for lunch and after an hour I came back for my bags, when they informed me it was a mistake. I never got a proper apology from the person involved, and he wasn’t helpful in finding a solution.

it's a hole in the wall hotel with zero amenities no kitchen no dining no bar pathetic gym shut down patio rooms are claustrophobic zero views ..no bar refreshments in room refrigerator is EMpty ..my room cooling stopped ..coffee machine needed a visit for technician...shower pressure is barely adequate checkout at 10 am ..its a property rule as per front desk !spent close to $900 for 3 nights ...its a hotel which struggles to get a 2 star rating certainly not a Hilton brand representation

Beautiful large rooms for a NY hotel and resort. The front desk and security were pleasant and good at making you feel like a welcomed guest.  Highly recommend the location as it is centrally located to many sites, restaurants, subway and other attractions.

Very good

The room is very clean and spacious. The bathroom has heated flooring.

Great place, with great facilities.
good for the family vacation.

hotel is in an excellent location and is very very nice and clean.

Wonderful hotel and even more wonderful and honest staff. Centrally located and brand new structure. I stayed for a week and in a hurry left valuable contents in the safe. Upon returning the next day the manager Stephanie and housekeeping staff returned the contents gracefully. I was very humbled by the experience and grateful to them for showing integrity to its highest. They set the bar for hospitality. I will return!

Great place and close to the office. The room was clean, staff very friendly and service was top notch. Definitely coming back to this place.

If you want a quiet place to relax and rooms that are nicer than a lot of 5 star hotels. You should probably book here. Its new, its central, rates are decent and the employees are very helpful.

The staff are very courteous and friendly. Rooms are very clean

Hôtel bien placé
Chambre correcte
L'absence de ménage est dommage pour un séjour de 8 jours et surtout il est très désagréable d'avoir à réclamer sans arrêt des produits et café

Great hotel! Amazing location and updated rooms. Never had to ask for anything additional because everything was provided in the room. The layout was great and spacious. There’s automated blackout and sheer curtains. Can’t say anything bad about our experience! One of the best hotels I’ve ever stayed at.

Great location.

The Central is located near the theater district and Times Square. The rooms are comfortable and quiet. There are plenty of good restaurants in walking distance. Central Park is not very far as well. The lack of parking and on-site market is a divergence from club property expectations.

Currently staying at this Hilton location and definitely not happy. For such a high price hotel and as a club member, you'd think more would be offered other than free bottles of water and keurig pods. I'm especially upset that I can't turn up the heat in my room. I was told that the hotel caps room temperature at 72F which is INSANE. If you are someone that runs cold this is definitely not the spot for you during the cold months and I don't even run cold. The hvac constantly blows cool air into the room and keeps the room at 70F despite turning on and up the heat AND calling for engineering twice. I have to literally wear a bulky sweater and put my arms inside of it in order to stay warm while watching tv on the couch. I ended up catching a sore throat which turned into a cold during my stay because I was breathing in so much cold air. I resorted to wearing a MASK while sleeping because it's so dry and cold.

The ONLY thing that is great about this location is the staff. They are nice, very attentive, they try to be as accommodating as possible, and they are quick to respond. So I don't blame the staff for this terrible hotel experience.

Loved staying here! The staff was so friendly and helpful.  The room was clean, bed comfortable, bathroom spacious, and shower water pressure was good.  All and all a great place to spend some time in NYC.

Let me start by saying my stay was great. The staff was pleasant and the room was wonderful. But don't ever leave anything here, because they are not helpful at getting it back to you. I contacted several personnel regarding my lost item and now it's gone.

While it may be a bit difficult to find, the place is beautiful. The studio room was very nice, including a very modern bathroom. The bed was very comfortable and the Room Service was very responsive. Enjoyed our brief stay there.

Impeccable room. Quality service. Fantastic location. This hotel met all of my needs and I would highly recommend anyone visiting NY to stay here! I had such a great time and look forward to coming back.

There is a construction site nearby, so it it not dead silent, but it is very cool place.

Great location and service. Walking distance to most of the midtown attractions. A bit further from subway stops

Pros
The room and building is quite new. Location is unbeatable

Cons
Premier king room we get is much smaller than the picture on Hilton website. It's exactly just normal king but on higher floor. Maybe False advertising for using "premier plus" picture for "premier"

Construction noise throughout the night. It's from a building under construction 1 block away. I don't think it would be done in 1-2 years

I stayed 14 days, and my room was only serviced twice. Even after asking one of the staff to have the room serviced, it wasn’t, and I was told they only service rooms twice a week.

It also took several days for the air conditioning to be fixed (fortunately a portable heater did the trick).

It was annoying having to call staff to clear the bins etc most days, and disappointing carpets aren’t vacuumed frequently or beds made.

I’m sure it’s fine for a long weekend away, but I wouldn’t recommend the hotel for a work trip, especially if there are times when you need to have meals and work from your hotel room.

The staff are otherwise quite friendly.

I will definitely stay here again. Loved it. Rooms are perfectly laid out and well-appointed with premium fixtures + tech. Location is amazing, and I recommend planning for restaurants and bars (no restaurant here) as the hotel concept is more like you are living in a luxury NY apartment, which is awesome.

Great location, great staff!
Fitness room needs to be revamped.

This hotel, the staff and everything in between was absolutely amazing. My room was beautiful and the view was breathtaking. This will be my place to stay from now on whenever I visit New York. 100/10.

Location of this Club will be near impossible to beat. In NYC, this facet is inescapably the most important as long as the place has a bed and running water.  Fortunately, this place also provides stylish accommodations, lobby facilities, and a very helpful and friendly staff with excellent communication. With a fitness center and outdoor terrace, it is a gem.

The only shortcoming we noted was the room decor was either passé or left something to be desired. Would highly recommend.

We have been Hilton Grand Vacation owners for several years but this was the first time using out points to stay in NYC. We were lucky enough to snag a reservation over Labor Day weekend for a One Bedroom Penthouse room. I must say we were impressed! The room was beautiful and with the PH we had a fantastic view! Everyone mentions the heated toilet seat and bidet and of course I must too! What a nice added feature! But we also really enjoyed the power blinds and even the "Master" switch at the door so you don't have to turn everything off individually before you leave the room. Plus, especially for NYC, it was spacious! We had plenty of room for two adults and two kids.

The staff was friendly and helpful as well. On the first night when we realized we did not have bedding for the sofa bed, we called to the front desk and not only did they send it right up, but they sent someone up to make up the bed for us. This was super helpful and so much nicer than the normal quick knock and dum of a pile of bedding into your arms at most hotels.

The only reason I did not give 5 stars is for two reasons. First is that we arrived pretty early in the day (around 9am) and, as expected, our room was not close to ready. No problem, we expected that. We checked in, left our bags will bell services and off we went to explore. When we came back around 3:45pm with two highly exhausted girls, however, our room was STILL not ready. Of course, check in is not until 4:00pm so technically it was not late, but I guess I figured since we had been there so early that perhaps our room could have bene prioritized? This is something I don't understand about hotels. They will have rooms cleaned that sit empty for hours until the guests arrive while in some other cases, the guests are there early and they are made to wait. So we had to wait in their interior courtyard (which was very cute) and our room was FINALLY ready at 4:10pm.

Second reason for 4 stars (versus 5) relates to trash pickup. Staying here as an owner, we do not get daily housekeeping, which we are fine with. But on the second day, I texted down to the front desk to ask what we should do with our trash that was piling up. I was told to just leave it outside our room. So we put it out there, assuming it would be picked up soon. 24 hours later it was STILL sitting outside our room in the hallway. For such a nice place, this just seems a bit unseemly. So they could have been better about that.

Overall, it's probably nit picking. We really did have a great time and would stay there again. Location is fantastic, rooms are nice and staff is exceptional (if they could just be better about trash). I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.

The Hilton Hotel on 5th Ave takes pride at its military mentality - security circles the place 24/7, making sure that people carry their Hilton key cards. You cannot get to your room or inside of the hotel after 10:00 pm, if you don’t have the Hilton key card. Even then, you are asked by staff members who are you, occupation, which room you are staying in, if you are with family, boyfriend and so on. I happen to fall asleep twice on the hotel sofas in the hang-out lobby, because I study and work arduously almost all the time and I tend to become exhausted easily. The two times I was woken up and questioned by the security guards as to who I was, got escorted with security back to my room, the security guards wanted to see my room and who I was with there. Asked to see a key. I showed them but it wasn’t enough. They still pushed to see my room. Very uncomfortable, no privacy. Security told my fellow colleagues that they couldn’t study, nor work in the lounge and eat at the same time. MILITARY MENTALITY AT ITS FINEST. People are well-behaved on the service side, while they collect information about you and comment on everything that you do in terms of how many times you come in and out. Being a journalist I tend to pay close attention to behavioral patterns and the Hilton team crosses many privacy boundaries. Very clean place - they have cleaning team that does this for hours overnight. The food places are great inside as well as the different shops. You are highly judged on appearance and status at this hotel. Comments were made with absolutely no tact or remorse; but again the amenities and the rooms are wonderful. Staff changes daily and the communication between them is not as efficient but still somewhat productive. I enjoyed my stay and I laughed at being woken up and escorted to my room. It is definitely not the best hotel, not one of the best hotels that I have been to. Something about the security guards is highly disturbing and the way they interact with people is frightening and intimidating. They don’t care if you are a woman, they will mistreat you and put you down, or ask you to leave if they decide that you don’t comply to their unwritten rules. I am sending you a photo of the key so you could see what the security puts emphasis on. Have a great night, everyone!

Very reasonably price stay hotel...friendly staff and up to date rooms.

Great staff, Location and amenities. Very Clean!!

I stayed here for a work trip and had a great experience! The staff were always so kind and super helpful. The room was spacious and comfy.

The associates at this hotel were very pleasant, offered helpful suggestions, and wore their best apparel - a smile - upon entering and leaving. I couldn't be at home but this was the next best thing, all of the amenities of being in my own bed.

Fantastic hotel with a great location to explore Manhattan. Best part was the staff. Hands down the best Hilton hotel in Manhattan in my opinion. My new go to spot when visiting NYC. I can't rave enough about the staff and our interactions with them. Thank you!

Great stay at the Hilton Club! Staff was wonderful and extremely helpful! Location is excellent, will definitely stay here again!

The Central at 5th Hilton Club is grand at the price range. Everything is on point from guest interaction, to features, to cleanliness. It exceeds expectations for a quick getaway experience. My check for cleanliness starts with the on/off letters on light switches (the Central uses toggle switches), and there is no grim or dirt anywhere to be found. Everything is featuristic such as the alarm clock that is integrated with the phone and charges the TV remote (also plugs with USB and thunderbolt). There are plenty of outlets, so you shouldn't need a power strip. There are even connections for USB-C on the desk. You also don't need to bring your own media, they offer easy to use streaming connections to Netflix, Amazon, etc. The rooms are NY sized, but has lots of storage so there is no clutter. There is no restaurant on sight so you have to plan, but there are so many nearby food choices that you have efficient options. There are a few other lux features such as a bidet, and automatic blackout shades, but I'll leave the rest for you to explore...

We have stayed in a ton of Hiltons and this is on the low end of quality.  No bar or restaurant.  No coffee in the rooms.  It was hard to get anything.   The service at the front desk was AMAZING, but overall a 2-star at best.

This was a beautiful building with all the amenities. More than at my own home I’m sorry to say. Very comfortable living with a wonderful staff who looks after the guests every wishes. Exciting experience to stay at a beautiful hotel and a wonderful part of an unfortunately not so beautiful city anymore. Sorry to say that a combination of Covid and politics have caused New York City to be downgraded but if you want to experience New York the best way possible we certain way give the Hilton Club the Central at 5th every star in the sky! Well done Hilton! Well done staff! Well done housekeeping! Well done architects!
Thanks for the experience

Hands down the best hotel I have stayed in, in NYC. Rooms we so nice and very large. Amazing bathroom. Robes. Incredible location. The staff was absolutely amazing.

Beds

Great room and service. Nice bed and pillow. I loved the scent in the lobby. One star off because of the stain on the tv remote.

Frustrated … owners lounge is not open  and the one at the Quinn is the same . Hard to park your car , if you chose to drop  your luggage at hotel , the one way  streets and closed roads can take a very long time to park and to get back .. staff at desk  are nice , this is not the fault of the staff who work the desk .. however it is the fault of Hilton to not provide what you paid for continually … beware if you want to buy in NY or any place in Hilton

I really enjoyed the room, service and location of this hotel.

Great customer service and location but the parking situation is terrible. Prepare to pay $50 per day atleast and have to walk several blocks back to hotel. Awesome location so no room service or continental breakfast is understandable since its New York but amenities on site would be nice. Typical for Manhattan so I still rate 5 stars.

spacious, new, modern.  great design and friendly service.  lots of food options and close to subway; saint patrick's cathedral.  the 1 bedroom option was luxury with a great work space and bedding - spacious bathroom built for a king

First and foremost, if I were rating purely based on the staff and the location this would be a 5 star review.  The staff are incredible.  They're friendly.  They're helpful.  They really go above and beyond with every single interaction.  You can't beat the location.  It's a few minutes walk from St. Patrick's and Rockefeller Square.  The rooms are spacious and beautiful.  If you don't actually want to spend any time in your room other than to snap a few pictures of the view, it's great.  At the end of the day though, the rooms are uncomfortable.  Everything was clearly designed for style not comfort.  It's the little things that ruin the experience.  For example, there's no way to reach your towel from the shower.  You either have to lay your bath towel in the floor or step out of the shower wet to get to your towel.  If you step out of the shower wet and drench the bathmat, there's no where to hang the bathmat to let it dry.  The thermostat doesn't go any lower than 68 which is great for the environment.  However, the HVAC lets the temperature creep up to 70 degrees before the a/c kicks in to cool it back down.  Given that the ideal sleeping temperature is about 65 degrees, when it gets up to 70 in the middle of the night you're hot.  The furniture is still and uncomfortable to sit on.  While I wouldn't refuse to stay here again, I certainly wouldn't seek it out.

June 7th 2022 at 5am I've woken to a very load noise from the toilets, discovering the ceiling fall off and shattered on the floor with water flowing from it. See images attached.
I don’t even want to imagine what would have happened if I was there when it fell off.

Running down to the reception in my pajamas and they couldn’t give me a new room, shifting me to a temp room and then shifting me again to another room which was actually a downgrade from the room I paid for (lower floor, smaller room).
When talking to the reception about me moving twice and being downgraded they just said they are completely sold out, which is an unacceptable answer giving the circumstances.

As a loyal Hilton member I am surprised and embarrassed that this is how you treat your guests. I would have expected the reception to show a bit more compassion and care when one of their guests runs at 5am because the ceiling in his room blew up.

Needless to say it ruined my day, I missed an important morning meeting and I’ve wasted a lot of time packing again and again, shifting rooms twice to a downgraded room.

My last stay here was not good at all… There is no housekeeping… And I had an issue with some presents I had bought for my kids and unfortunately forgot at the hotel! The staff was not helpful at all. After 3 days, several calls and emails they said nothing was turned in from the room… My belongings “magically” disappeared… You can not stay at a place where they don’t take care of you or your belongings!

Great stay in the heart of NYC!

Great service. Very helpful staff.

My favorite place to stay in Midtown, so far. The staff is impeccable.

Current prices are a steal for this hotel. Rooms are double the size of anywhere else in the area. Everything is brand new. Staff is amazing. What else could you want?

Currently staying at this hotel and it is very disappointing. On check-in I was advised housekeeping would be attending only once for a 6 night stay (not mentioned at time of booking). On arrival to our room there were stains on the bathroom sink and an open packet of peanuts left next to the coffee maker. Pillows are very uncomfortable and there is construction noise all night. Would definitely suggest staying away from this place.

Location is great for all the sightseeing downtown. Just a block from Rockefeller Center and just a short walk to Times Square. Subways are just a block or two away. The staff could not have been friendlier or more helpful. Looking forward to a return trip already! Wonderfully quiet, too.

Excellent guest services, Zachary, Blerta and Terronie.

We own a timeshare here.  The staff are all very friendly and helpful.  I would have given another star, but the owners lounge is not open.

Great experience! Great location! Nice and spacious (for NY) room. Very helpful & professional staff (Milton @ the door and Laura at the front desk). I'll definitely stay here the next time I'm in NY

Great place to stay

No realizan la limpieza de las habitaciones ni de los baños a pesar de que prometen hacerlo. tuvimos que pedir por favor que nos repongan el papel higiénico, el jabón, las toallas. Recortan la limpieza para ahorrarse el costo pero NO recortan la tarifa. Eso es una ESTAFA.

Great location with AMAZING service!

The Penthouse was beyond what I expected. The room was immaculate and the view perfect.

AMAZING staff and hospitality. The location was extremely clean and we always had a smiling face greeting us at the door! The staff went above and beyond! Highly Recommended!

The staff are all nice and helpful. The place is perfect, close to time square, Rockefeller, Central Park, summit and more. The hotel is really clean and with high tech stuff inside the room.

Great location. Near MOMA, shopping, restaurants and Central Park.

Wow! We are long time Hilton Club owners and have stayed in multiple club locations. The staff at The Central is exceptional. They are so welcoming. They went out of their way to make our stay memorable from the complimentary bottle of wine to their great recommendations.
The property is beautiful. The rooms are very well appointed. We stayed in a studio and it was quite spacious. Favorite feature is the heated toilet seat. The outdoor heated patio on the 2nd floor is very nicely done. Perfect for a cold night to hang out at.
Couldn't have picked a better name... The Central. It is central to everything in NYC.

Room was excellent, location excellent, and staff (especially Laura) was professional, knowledgeable of NYC, and very helpful.

Nice inside. But please stay inside! If you go out for a walk, good chance you may not be able to walk back. Terrible place to be, especially at night.

Perfect location. Wonderful Staff. Nice rooms. If you don't want to pay crazy money to stay at the Trump hotel or the Plaza, this Hilton is an awesome hotel choice for Manhattan.

Excellent customer service at this location. They really make you feel special. Not the most convenient location for me but love the service so much that it doesn’t even matter

Really good service. Biggest tv I've ever seen in a hotel. Easy to connect using your own device. Made it very easy when it comes to Uber eats.

So nice and centrally located to great sites!

Great location!  Clean and modern room with all the amenities!

Loved everything except no housekeeping!

This was our first time staying at our new property. It was gorgeous with a fantastic location. I was not happy that there was no housekeeping. I am hoping this is only a covid precaution for the time being.

Walking distance to time Square. Nice one bedroom.  Instead of having 2 refrigerators,  please consider change one of them to microwave.  Rooms are so small.

The staff at this hotel were awesome, amazing, helpful, friendly, professional, I could go on and on. They went out of their way to assist us with anything we needed. The amenities were great with the heated toilet seats getting #1 rating in my opinion. The name of this hotel really describes it, Central to everything; shopping, transport, sightseeing, dining a really great location. We totally enjoyed our stay and wish it could have been longer.

Nice location for exploring Manhattan.

Beautiful facilities and fantastic staff.  Everyone made us feel welcome and did everthing to make to our stay very enjoyable.  Very convenient, located very close to Rockefeller Center and great shopping.

The staff at the property is phenomenal.  We have stayed at 53rd and West 57th and had no complaints.  This property needs soundproofing.  The street noise coming in is not acceptable; and the HVAC fan makes it difficult to hear the television.  53rd property is in a busier area but much quieter in your room.  Difficult to fall asleep at The Central without earplugs.  Will continue to love our Hilton properties in New York and elsewhere but would not stay at this property again.

We had two studio rooms for a two night stay. The rooms were fantastic, not a single issue came up. I cannot say enough nice things about the staff here, they were responsive and attentive and made our stay very enjoyable. The location to city attractions was a nice bonus as well! I highly recommend this property.

Excellent🙂

Excellent accommodations! Very convenient and centrallyocated to see all attractions.

Great staff, Clean rooms, Great location. Awesome Stay.

Excellent overall! Amazing front desk staff. Chris during the day and Laura in the evenings are the best best! They rock!. Absolutely wonderful!  Great location - within walking distance to many popular destinations.

Wife and I just had a weekend getaway at The Central at 5th, and this is now our favorite Hilton property in Manhattan!

For starters, this hotel just opened its doors in July 2021, so it still has that “new hotel smell”!  From the moment you walk in, the impeccable level of service and hospitality is top-notch…they really treat you like royalty here!  Special shout-out to Christopher, who was super courteous and helpful for our check-in & check-out – truly an asset to Hilton!

This location is truly incredible for holiday season in NYC.  Literally right around the corner from Radio City / Christmas Tree in Rockefeller Center, Saks 5th Ave, and St. Patrick’s Cathedral.  Also in walking distance is Bryant Park (check out their winter village / ice skating rink this time of year), Time Square / Broadway shows, and Central Park.  Plenty to do in walking distance.  Worked out great that we arrived in early afternoon and we were able to check our bags before check-in.  After check-out, able to check bags again so we could enjoy the city a little more.

Have stayed in other places in Manhattan and am fairly accustomed to rooms being on the smaller size in the city.  Was certainly not the case here – had a Studio Plus which was exceptionally spacious.  Bathroom was huge and was ultra-modern (really got a kick out of the heated toilet seat!).  The blackout shades are amazing – could not believe how dark the room gets, which was great for sleeping in after a full day of running around Manhattan!

Didn’t take advantage of it, but they have a very clean & adequate fitness center, as well as an outdoor heated lounge on 2nd floor.

The Central at 5th really exceeded our expectations…highly recommend!!!

Service and staff are incredibly friendly. This unfortunately doesn't make up for the building needing some work.

The rooms and interior design need a major update. The carpet is frequently stained throughout the building. Wallpaper is peeling. Elevators out of service. Interior of the building is humid. Bathrooms need new hardware. Walls are paper-thin: you can hear conversations in the hall as though they are in the room with you. Kids running up and down the hall at 2:00 am.

For a Hilton, I would expect much better of a place.

Visiting for a business trip. Not all the elevators are reliable and the hotel lost power the second morning, resulting in the alarm clock not waking me up on time. Areas of property seem to be overdue for maintenance.

Rooms are decently sized and service is exceptional.

Hotel is decent, nothing extraordinary. Some negatives were that you had to pay for parking, the breakfast and dinner spots are very expensive compared to local spots right by the hotel

This hotel has the audacity to charge $10 per night for parking.  This location is not in a city center or urban area that would justify this charge.  It's located in an office park with ample parking.  The only reason for this charge is to squeeze the guests for more money. Not cool.

I had a very nice stay at the hotel.  Staff was great and breakfast service and food was very good.  The only thing I'll concur with others here about are the elevators.  Only one was working during my stay but I got lots of steps in which is good!  Other than this, comfy beds, great shower, great stay!

Very nice hotel. The rooms are incredibly spacious, bed is oh so comfy, the lobby is gorgeous, the staff are incredibly friendly and helpful, and it is just such a nice place.

The breakfast buffet was good, but at $22.95 is a bit expensive. They let you put your own cheese on the eggs which is fun. I've never seen that before. I like a lot of cheese and they never put enough cheese on but I did! Because I like cheese.

One of the elevators was down, but you can easily use another one in a different place to get to your room, no problem. Parking is $10/night which is annoying, make sure to pick up your permit at the front desk. There's a huge, spacious lot, there's no reason to charge $10/night to park. If parking were free, this would be five stars since everything else was wonderful. But it's not so it's four stars. Still good.  At least the parking goes on the bill so you get Hilton Honors points, unlike at some shameful places.

Mixed experience overall. We stayed in a standard king room, which was nice and clean, although the bathroom was very small. There were some noticeable issues during our stay—3 out of 4 elevators weren’t working, and one we were on wouldn’t go past the 3rd floor when we needed the 4th. There are still signs for vending machines on each floor, but they’re no longer there (they now have a small commissary near the front desk).

The hotel bar was just okay—my wife ordered a margarita that came out as a basic version instead of the special, but we didn’t make an issue of it. Additional costs add up as well: $10 for overnight parking and $22 per person for breakfast, which didn’t feel like it justified the price compared to other nearby hotels where breakfast is included.

Overall, it’s a nice place, but a bit too expensive for what you get and some of the inconveniences you have to deal with.

I was just here for a conference so didn't stay in a room because I live nearby, but by the looks of the place, I'd assume Rooms and Service is excellent.

This is an excellent choice to stay in this area. The building,  the halls, the entry and the rooms are very well decorated and tasteful.  The front desk staff were super friendly and helpful.  Additionally,  after a long day of traveling,  they have a restaurant and bar, not to mention room service if wanted!!

My family and I stayed at the Hilton Wilmington/Christiana for Easter Sunday.  About an hour before we were to check out, water comes pouring down from the ceiling.  The water ruined our Easter clothing. We had adjoining rooms and water fell in the other room as well.  We needed to buy new clothing and were extremely late to celebrate Easter.  The hotel is giving us back the points we used for our stay.  I’m surprised that as a Gold member they are not offering a better resolution since we traveled 5 hours to get there and this ruined our Easter weekend.  The front desk was very nonchalant about the whole thing and acted like it wasn’t a big deal that toilet water overflowed into our room and onto our clothing.

Great clean & the front desk is very helpful & professional especially Michelle its located minuets from casino & bunch of restaurants

אין סיכוי שזה מלון הילטון,  יותר בכיוון של מוטל 6 , בושה לרשת הילטון שזה מלון שלהם , מלון ישן ולא נקי , מיטה לא נוחה מקלחת שנות ה80 עם זרם חלש , וכבונוס הם גובים ממך כסף על חניה .

Had a polarizing weekend reaching Hilton Diamond status. Tru by Hilton Ashburn was fantastic—great service, no hidden fees, and very welcoming.
The Hilton Christiana, however, has gone downhill. GM Brad Wenger seems focused on "nickel and diming" guests at every turn. We were charged an early check-in fee for a 30-minute difference and a new parking fee. Our room was noisy (next to the elevator), the shower didn't work, and basic amenities like tissues were missing. It’s a shame to see a long-time favorite treat Diamond members like a transaction rather than a guest. Go to the Tru instead.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I'm down here for work training. The rooms need to have a bit of a makeover, but other than that, the grounds, the staff and the food are excellent.

Amazing short rib

Wonderful experience. Room was comfortable, clean and quiet. Staff professional, friendly and helpful. Wouldn't hesitate to stay again.

Enjoyed my stay. Well kept property with friendly staff

For the price you pay not the greatest  of rooms. No microwave! Also the breakfast is  a buffet that costs a small fortune, and that fact that is no  complimentary  coffee  available except at breakfast. You have to make your own in the room.

Great stay

Great hotel, super clean, staff friendly, very comfortable.
My only complaint is being woken up by the alarm going off and it was a false alarm, not once but twice, with no notification that it was a false alert.

Wonderful hotel! Fire alarm went off a few times overnight, but they refunded immediately. Highly recommended.

I found the rooms to be very clean restaurant was fabulous close to our needs plenty of restaurants and store close by the next time I will book thru hotel 3 Rd party expensive and you get voucher for hospital

Liked the place, would stay here the next time too. Some of the things could improve but one of the persons helped me greatly as I was new to the country.

Hilton Hotels does not allow DHS employees to stay at their hotels.  Look it up.

This was my first time staying at this hotel, and unfortunately it did not meet expectations.

The room itself was decent but very small, and the bathroom was extremely small, especially considering I paid extra for a King Superior room. I expected more space and comfort for the price point and room category. Overall, the property feels outdated and in need of renovation.

I am a Hilton Gold member, but that status didn’t seem to provide much value here. I was still charged a fee for early check-in, which was disappointing given my loyalty status.

I work at a nearby bank, so this location would have been convenient. The parking lot was nearly empty on a Sunday afternoon, which made the early check-in fee even more puzzling. Additionally, one of the elevators was out of service, requiring a long walk around the building to find another working elevator.

Based on this experience, I do not recommend this property. I will be trying other nearby hotels to compare, as my future stays in the area will be frequent.

HVAC is LOUD. TVs had issues the first week my company was there. Neither of which will be resolved.  Rooms are clean and quiet. Breakfast buffet is okay but it’s not worth $20. The servers m-f in the buffet area are wonderful, though. Get the omelette station! Best part. Never really had great food at the hotel restaurant. Hit or miss. Better service at the bar. Gym is small and doesn’t have many options. Concierge service was wonderful and prompt. Careful, you have to pay for a parking pass. Oh and we saw hookers multiple nights. Hotel clearly doesn’t care. Close to highways and the mall. Plenty of food options nearby.

Great experience

The Hilton Wilmington/Christiana is conveniently located right off the freeway, making it an easy choice for a quick stopover. At $127/night, it was a fair value for the accommodations.

🛏️ The Room was clean and quiet.

🏋️ Amenities: The hotel features a functional, medium-sized gym.

Ample parking is available ($10 nightly fee).

The front desk was efficient (appreciated for a late arrival), though the interactions were a bit short and curt.

Overall, a solid choice for a business stopover. Clean, safe, and quiet room for a fair price.

Let me start off with saying I had a wonderful stay for my wife’s bday and the assist mgr in duty was very accommodating and spirited.  Upon my arrival I was made aware that I could no longer use my $100 gift card that was given to me by a business associate. Even though I called to verify the gift card usage prior to my arrival.  The assistant mgr free drinks at the bar and a free breakfast coupon to help smooth things over which was much appreciated.  He then gave me the number to call back and voice my concerns with the Hotel Mgr   When calling back into the Hotel I spoke with the Office mgr  NOT the Hotel mgr and she kept repeating how wrong I was and how right they are.  I just wanted to be heard and she was very disrespectful, dismissive and demeaning.  I never once asked for anything other than to be heard and she kept saying that gift card must have been more than 5+ yrs old.   I was very taken back by her stating a fake Delaware law saying any gift card I. The entire state of Delaware is invalid after 5 yrs it becomes lost property.  I just wanted to be heard and she was clearly NOT I the listening mode and spoke to me as if I was one of her children or employees and that is not how one should conduct business with a CUSTOMER.  If she could help me by listening she should have said the Hotel Mgr is out and I’ll have him call you upon his return instead of talking down to me and treating me as if I didn’t matter.  Shame on her

Side note everyone else in the Hotel treated us great  and said happy birthday to my wife upon arrival.

If the Hotel mgr reaches out to me I will gladly update or take down this post or whatever is agreed upon.  If not it stay and I be done with staying at any Hilton moving forward

I didn't book a room. Our company Christmas party was there. Everything was nice. The food was good. I had chicken with bruschetta on top. It also came with green beans and red skin potatoes. Everything was tasty, though when serving that amount of people, it's hard to keep everything hot.
Dessert was amazing. One of, if not the best cheesecakes I have ever eaten. Perfect consistency. Not dense, like cheesecake can often be. With a raspberry sauce...
Was not disappointed in the least.

Very nice, great breakfast

We went there for a team lunch and the service was just phenomenal. I had a special request for my food because I am allergic and they were very considerate of that fact and went out of the way to prepare it for me. I wish most other people I meet were as kind and considerate.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We have our Thanksgiving dinner there.  We had a very nice waitress. We had a late seating at 4:00pm and seating ended at 5pm.  They did not seat us till 4:30pm.  There was alot of food.  By 5:30pm I think they wanted to start cleaning up. We were the last to leave the buffet. I  had a salad, turkey, stuffing, green beans and pumpkin pie. It was delicious. If we were to do it again, we would do it earlier like 2 or 3pm. Very nice hotel though.

Thanksgiving dinner was amazing yet again. Shot out to Todd, Kelly and the rest of the crew. Great job!

I always stay at this hotel when I am heading to Philadelphia and surrounding areas. However,  I am deeply disappointed that they started charging $10 for there open parking lot. I will probably change locations when I travel to the area in the future.

Great food and quiet.

Rooms are a bit outdated but the rest of the hotel seemed really nice!

Greetings, travelers. I hope you are reading this review of the Hilton Christiana. The $ 10 parking fee is a scam. Why are they charging you this fee? Just not fair! As I walked all the way back to my car, I noticed how virtually nobody had paid this fee. We are in Delaware! I was on my way to New York from North Carolina, and this Hotel is in great proximity to the Christiana Mall. The rooms were old and dirty; my room was infested with Fruit Flies. The Hotel front desk will adamantly deny this claim, but it was quickly apparent that this location was utilized to house undocumented folks. I have nothing against undomiciled/homeless Delawareans. However, Hotel management should advise everyone of the rule and stress that it's not appropriate to roam the halls with a "Beat Box" - playing all your favorite hits at midnight. Lots of intoxicated, privileged North Wilmington folks frequent the establishment and are not friendly. Music from the Lobby Bar easily spills out and is disruptive. The place gets busy; now I understand the price point. Don't bother complaining - especially to the Manager - "Caleb".

Baby Shower
Venue was really nice
Food was good.

my niece wedding had to be canceled they were very unprofessional so I had to cancel my room because of inconvenience and the fact that the venue had to be changed i would never recommend them to anyone. then they was calling the vendors asking them if my niece had a new venue because they did believe she found another venue 2 days before the wedding date don't ever use them

Outstanding banquet service

I hate this area, and no fault of the Hilton. I was there for a training seminar. So between the stupid amount of traffic, and the crappy people, and trying not to fall asleep, the Hilton was nice and had great lunch.

I stay in a lot of different Hiltons around the world and always like to give kudos whenever possible. Hilton Wilmington/Cristiana Has been by far one of the best experiences. I’m here for a month on a company training and I’m really glad that our company picked this hotel. My favorite time of day is early morning before training class when we come down for breakfast. The staff here is phenomenal and very receptive and friendly. Liz always greets me and says hi and asks how everything is going. Chef Don is very friendly and makes the most excellent Omelettes! And Ashraf always has a huge smile and is very friendly to me! The hotel itself is nice. The rooms are spacious and very clean. No odd smells even though this is an older hotel, it is well kept. I’ve never been to Delaware, but even though it’s a crisp 52° outside, I am always left with the warm and fuzzies every time I greeted by these awesome hotel staff! Thank you, Liz in the dining area, Ashraf, and Chef Don!

Also, Chef Don Makes homemade hot sauce out of the ingredients in his garden. Delicious! They go pretty fast!
The eagle trace is delicious and the bar staff is very friendly. So far so good with 26 days to go!

Room service was spectacular 😋 there are plenty of restaurants around as well

Great as a wedding reception venue❤️❤️❤️❤️ Cake by Crowned Cakes LLC

This is not only one of the worst hiltons I have stayed at buy it is one of the worst hotels in general. I travel full time and this place is horrible. It started with a large party full of children that lasted until 11pm. I could still hear the parents cleaning up and yelling until 12. Then the kids went into the parking lot where they were revving their engines drinking mini bottles. None of the employees at the hotel seemed to care. People were constantly up ans down the hall way being very loud, playing music on speakers and overall yelling. This lasted until 3-4am. The hallways smelled like someone was smoking cigarettes in them. The room was dated. Old springy bed, ripped sheets and pillow cases, sticky bathroom floors, and overall smelled of heavy duty cleaner and bad choices. This place needs an overhaul really bad. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!

Rooms are clean and staff is nice. However everything is overpriced. Not only did they charge you to park at a place you're already spending a good amount of money for, the Continental breakfast they serve is about $20 per person and they have a tip portion on the check. IT'S A SELF SERVE BREAKFAST (minus the omelette bar). There's also only water bottles per purchase and our floor didn't have a vending machine. I've stayed in plenty of other expensive hotels where the hotel AT LEAST included parking and breakfast.

Room was out standing but the food was the best. The waitress/bartender chick was absolutely awesome!

The staff here are very friendly and welcoming, which made for a pleasant check-in experience. The location is convenient, right off the interstate and close to a large shopping mall, so it’s easy to find and great for quick access to stores or restaurants.

However, a few things could be improved. It’s surprising that there’s no free parking, especially since this isn’t a downtown or airport hotel. The parking fee is only $10, but it still feels unnecessary for the setting, and the free spots that do exist are quite limited and often difficult to find. Additionally, there’s no executive lounge, which might disappoint frequent travelers or business guests used to that amenity.

Overall, it’s a comfortable and well-located hotel with excellent staff, but the parking situation and lack of certain perks make it feel a bit less convenient than expected.

We always try to stay here yearly on our way back from Maine. The bar and food are wonderful as well as the service. A very comfortable and clean motel

One of the nicest hotels I have ever just pulled into to stay the night as I was traveling. Front desk people are nice and well versed, the restaurant and bar is great, and the breakfast bar is awesome. 10 out of 10 would highly recommend!

Perfect spot for a layover during a long haul! Literally two minutes and you're back on I-95.

Great place

It is good hotel, in need of a renovation if it stays a Hilton product but good location and service.

Just checked in late 9/27  in rm 305. Caleb was the most welcoming and professional front desk person I've ever dealt with. Very helpful and quick.

I'm not sure how this hotel is considered a '4 star hotel'. It's a DUMP: the pillow cases looked yellow, the shower curtains were yellow, the toilet didn't flush properly, the shower handle is really terrible, nobody came to make the bed for 2 consecutive days nor did they come to empty the trash, there was no free water from the front desk (cost $3), and there is only 1 elevator to go up and down the floors.

I will be informing my colleagues at my employer to avoid this hotel for business trips, I've seen much finer and better staff at 4 star hotels in third world countries at a similar price point. AVOID AVOID AVOID!

Overall experience was good.  I was a little disappointed in the rooms they seemed outdated for the price.  Staff was super friendly and breakfast was great.  You must try the omelet station!

comfortable room and nice hotel. breakfast buffet is very underwhelming for the class of hotel. parking is not free, it costs extra which seems also silly given the class of hotel

Our go to place when going to Delaware park racing and casino. Reasonable rates, great rooms and beds. 7 min drive to the casino/racetrack

Awesome place to stay if you stay here you will enjoy friendly staff great breakfast clean rooms and friendly associates

Clean, friendly, excellent service

Went for a wedding. The hospitality was on point. Everyone was attentive to our needs.

Great location. Comfortable room.   Staff was courteous and knowledgeable.  Only drawbacks were
1: Elevator closest to my room was out of order, and
2) my room (furniture and behind the door) was dusty

Typical Hilton hotel.

A little pricy + $10.00 to park your car overnight.

Pool and courtyard to relax outside.

Nice restaurant with outdoor dining area and a local band for entertainment....

Nice place for meetings, modern, clean and comfortable.

I’m genuinely having a terrible time. The reception entering into the hotel was cold. Then… as I’m in bed… toilet water from the floor above floods my entire room. Making contact with clothing, products, and my skin. I’m literally appalled and disgusted. If I was not  here for a wedding I would leave immediately.

Excellent hotel as expected by a Hilton Honors member.  Plenty of parking, easy access to I-95, lots of places to eat in the area. Outside entertainment at the hotel. Great breakfast area.

Excellent hotel in a convenient location. I sometimes stay at this hotel due to its proximity to I-95, as it allows me to get on the road faster. The room was quite comfortable and climate-controlled, though I got somewhat cold during the day and had to turn off the A/C temporarily. The elevators were probably the one big issue I had. The closest one was out of order, so I took the stairs (4th floor). Not a big problem for me, but I certainly would have used it if it had been available. The staff was very nice and accommodating. Highly recommended hotel.

Positive: The hotel is always clean, great staff and awesome location Negative: ""

Our second family reunion at this location and what a time it was. Food/ cocktails were all delicious and a special shout out to the housekeeping for a spotless hotel.

Nice place as always

Das Hotel macht auf den ersten Blick einen sehr gepflegten und einladenden Eindruck. Die Lage ist verkehrsgünstig und dennoch angenehm ruhig im Grünen gelegen – ideal für Geschäftsreisende oder einen Zwischenstopp auf dem Weg an die Ostküste. Die Zimmer sind sauber, geräumig und geschmackvoll eingerichtet. Besonders positiv hervorzuheben ist das freundliche und hilfsbereite Personal, das stets bemüht ist, den Aufenthalt angenehm zu gestalten. Auch das Frühstück ist für amerikanische Verhältnisse durchaus solide und bietet eine vernünftige Auswahl.

Leider gibt es aber auch einige Punkte, die den Gesamteindruck trüben. Das größte Manko ist die Hellhörigkeit der Zimmer. Man hört nicht nur die Geräusche vom Flur und den Nachbarzimmern, sondern teils auch Schritte von oben oder Gespräche von nebenan – wer einen leichten Schlaf hat, wird hier keine erholsame Nacht verbringen. Auch Türen fallen recht laut ins Schloss, was gerade nachts störend sein kann.

Insgesamt ist das Hilton Christiana ein ordentliches Hotel mit gutem Service und angenehmem Ambiente, allerdings mit deutlichen Schwächen in Sachen Schallschutz. Wer keine geräuschempfindliche Nachtruhe braucht, dürfte sich hier dennoch wohlfühlen.

My brother and I were in town for our mother’s funeral.  We stayed 3 nights.  This hotel was a big disappointment.  The pool was so green you couldn’t see the bottom.  Bathroom so small you could barely get in to close door.  Refrigerator froze all our food.  Very noisy.  Breakfast buffet food was cold regardless of when we went.  I remember the days you could book a room at a Hilton and expect nothing less than exceptional. Bathroom cabinets worn looking. Not what I think of when I see “Hilton” on the sign.

Our room is hot. The hallways hot, the elevator is hot. Toilet drains slow, tub gets 3 inches of water when you shower, gross. We paid over 200 a night, it's a Hilton! They should be ashamed. We called down about the air, they came up and did something, still warm in here. I have 3 mini fans running. Go downstairs, nice and cool, there were 2 other rooms on this floor that were complaining in the hallway too. This place needs fixing up. They answered me review, want me to contact them, my stay is over, there is no making it right for me. I am not looking for anything but for your hotel to make everything good in the room for the next person who has to stay there. Thank you

Kassandra, Corliss, Shaylon, Joel, Emma all awesome service and general people. I am going to miss my home away from home at Hilton Wilmington Christiana

Amazing stay; and the breakfast was wonderful, especially the made to order omelettes were the best me & my wife ever had

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Stayed for a dance event in nearby Camden. The motel is very clean and well maintained. The breakfast was enjoyable with freshly made omelets to order and plenty of side selections as well. We, and a few other guests, got a chance to hang out at the pool during the day, which was a nice way to spend the daytime! The staff were friendly and helpful! We would return here with no problem as this meets Hilton expectations!

Positive: Location Negative: It's beginning to show it's age with diminished maintenance

Positive: Room service and cleanliness. Negative: The bed was very uncomfortable.

Positive: quiet room - never heard a peep from the hallway or adjoining rooms Negative: small snack/drink area

My 4th time going for my job ...had a awesome time like always....great ppl .food atmosphere location

Positive: All employees are very nice and helpful Negative: The toilet handle wasn't working I had to take the tank off to flush it. The bathroom sink had no hot water. The closest doors one mad a squeaky every time you opened it and the other wouldn't stay open when you let go it would slam shut.

Nice property with a great lively bar.  Rooms are older but clean.

Positive: All staff are very helpful. Great customer service Negative: ""

Good hotel

Average hilton,  rooms are getting old and in need of an update.  Service was very good. Beds are on the older side and should be replaced. The hotel bar closes early.... at 10pm

This was the WORST Hilton I have ever visited. The pool was freezing cold, there is no hot tub or sauna. There are no activities for kids. In fact, our kids were not even allowed to throw a tennis ball to each other in the parking lot. The front desk staff harassed our kids every time they walked in the lobby. Apparently, kids should be seen and not heard at this hotel. They host huge events that occupy all common areas and over serve party guests. Avoid this hotel, especially if you have kids.

Great place to stay for service and location.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Photobooth by Make My Day Photos for Reuben's Graduation Party.

I apologize for forgetting the names of the wonderful staff but 13 days after my father was airlifted to Christiana hospital I have met so many wonderful people who have helped us on this journey to get him out of the hospital I hope you will understand.||Heidi and her front desk compatriot were incredible in helping us navigate this situation in which we had as many as three rooms at their hotel making sure we had a comfortable place to sleep as well as recommending other hotels that might take the hospital rate when we could not keep all the rooms as they were booked for a convention.  By the end of my stay, they were like family inquiring not only how my father was doing but also if there was anything they could do for us to make our stay near his hospital but away from home any easier.||I would also like to thank that lovely man at the breakfast buffet who went out of his way despite a restaurant full of wedding guest to find something that would satisfy my gluten and dairy-free diet.  You were a god-send and the sausages were delicious!  They were just what I needed to fuel another day at his bedside in the ICU.||Our family had a number of days to experience the quality amenities and exceptional staff at this hotel.  The bar and restaurant were welcome respites after hard days.  We are used to staying at boutique and high end hotels for our vacations.  While this was hardly a restful visit, I can highly recommend this hotel whatever brings you to the Newark area as it is close to the University of Delaware and Wilmington as well as Christiana hospital so that our long stay did not require us to continue to eat at the chain restaurants surrounding the hospital.  Additionally, the rooms were very clean, bright and furnished with incredibly comfortable beds for exhausted people.  Thanks again for your warm welcome and support.

Great place 👌 👍

Positive: "" Negative: AC not working Blocked ToiletNot worth the money

Great Martini

Nice hotel but the design of the room looks outdated with popcorn ceiling, no coffee in the room, no free bottled water in the room.

Everything was great and clean, location is close to the mall and other restaurants. Only thing I wish the breakfast buffet was cheaper, I went elsewhere for breakfast all 3 nights

I have been here many of times for fire extinguisher 🧯 inspections and company Christmas party’s and company events. Every time I go in I’m always greeted with a friendly warm smile from the front desk employees. They have even been kind enough to show me the laundry room where they wash the linen and terry for the rooms. They have some cool washers and dryers and even an iron for the table linen and napkins. This hotel is very upscale and fancy although it is a little outdated it’s not bad. Rooms seem to be very clean and linen and towels smell fresh thanks to their Ecolab solid detergent laundry system.

Positive: The location is great.. it's near the highway, and great restaurant options Negative: Initally, I had king bed near the gym.  When I went into the room, it smelled strongly of cigar smoke.  I made the front desk aware.  They didn't have any other king beds so they offered 2 queen beds upstairs.  I'm 6ft 1, 210. The bed was too small.

This hotel was exceptional.

This hotel was clean only was here for a short stay but overall I had a nice experience the rooms were nice and clean nothing to fancy. I did eat in the hotel restaurant and the food was good and the staff were friendly. I would stay again.

Really Nice Lobby and staff, rooms are beetween too generation of decoration.
Great place.

Rooms need upgrading.

If you want to stay a a nice place, come to the Hilton.

I have stayed here plenty of times Amanda and Caleb are the best! The entire staff always accommodates me. The hotel is always very clean for me especially the first and fourth floors. My favorite is the 4th floor executive rooms. I have never had a bad experience with them ever! I’m a traveler so I’ve seen the craziest things. This is Mrs Walker by the way! You guys always go above and beyond to accommodate me and I appreciate that. I’m always very comfy and peaceful when I stay. I highly recommend this hidden gem. I’m sure not all days will be the same depending on who stays and when, but it’s always great while I’m there.

I stayed here for the first time about a week and a half ago. The hotel was in a convenient location, and the main areas were well maintained. However, I stayed near the gym, and the door leading outside from the gym was left unlocked all night with no way to secure it. This made me feel uncomfortable since anyone could easily walk in from outside. Additionally, the tub had stains, so we weren’t able to take a shower. There was also a dog barking all night, which kept us up. I called the service desk around 12 AM to report it, and they said they would send security to check it out. However, the barking never stopped and continued until about 4 or 5 AM

Horrible!  Dirty room, door falling apart, "hairs" on folded towels, stains!!!!  Contacted Hilton and zero response from Hotel. Very disappointed in the lack of cleaning of Hotel and outside area.  Going downhill fast and no concern about it.

Positive: The bed was so comfortable! Negative: No

I stayed here for one night during a business trip and had a good stay here. Some of the rooms had some little blemishes like around the bottom of the door etc but nothing major. The first level was gorgeous as it is still decorated for Christmas. I would stay again if in the area.

This place is the best in the Area' because of the way its built.  And you can't help but enjoy your self

I went for a wedding weekend. 8/30- 9/1.

I had a Handicap accessible room. From our entry to the rented room the hotel decor was excellent.

The ceremony was held outdoor on 8/31/24. It was beautiful.
The receiving room was cool and the seating, comfy. The choices of fruits, drinks and modest desserts were delicious.

The reception hall was a beauty.
Lavender uplighting on the ceiling was clever and with the white chairs it gave a relaxed and chill vibe.

Back to the rooms: I slept like a baby both nights. Housekeeping was pleasant and happy.
Everyone we saw, staff, etc. greeted us and directed us wherever we needed to go with dignity and respect.

Very professional.
Clean.
Presentation was awesome.
Food for reception dinner??? Chef's kiss!

It was nice to have a digital key and use of amenities at your fingertips (your phone).
Also, My name was on the TV as a greeting was ❤️.

Not all Hotel,(membership  programs) do this.

Thank you, Hilton and Staff for all your hard work!!!!

Stayed the night here for a weekend getaway withy wife. A trip to the bar will set you back $22 per margarita. That's Vegas pricing at this older property with no frills. The room was a basic room and definitely not worth the full rate, Hilton Diamond gets you a $10 voucher here and that's about it. Don't recommend staying here even though the staff was nice enough.

I recently stayed at the Hilton and had an exceptional experience, largely thanks to their outstanding manager. From the moment I arrived, the level of service was apparent. The manager greeted me warmly, quickly resolved a minor booking issue, and ensured that all my needs were met throughout my stay.

Hotel is very dated and not clean. The chairs in the courtyard are not presentable to even sit on. They charge $19.80 for breakfast, where I witnessed another guest literally touch every single gle bagel that was out. John D in the breakfast area refuse to refund us our money, but rather provide us with a bagel from the back. Not to mention you have to schedule for house keeping, which in turn, I cleaned my room myself and let's just say, they do not clean the toilets. I used a Clorox wipe to clean the toilet not expecting anything to be on it and behold there was God knows what on it. I spoke with the GM Brad Winnager, who wouldn't even entertain refunding me my money, not to mention, getting sick at a function there. As a Hilton Honors member, this really was a disheartening experience they may have permanently damaged my relationship with Hilton.

Not to mention, hotel guests let their children run wild the entire weekend, playing on the elevators and running through the halls. Terrible experience.

My wife had a girl's trip she absolutely loved it says she'll be back

Not outstanding, but more than adequate. Rated down for scratchy sheets and 1 ply toilet paper

Architecture is nice. Rarity for hotels these days.

BUGS BUGS BUGS!!   Checked in yesterday to this / bugs and residue in bed.   Pee-looking stain on the other bed.   Reviews looked good and hotel is clean, not my room!  Ran out, was told manager would call the following day which didn’t, and went to another hotel down the street!   I would expect more from a Hilton!!!

I do a lot of reviews. I'll admit, a lot of them are pointing out the negatives.

This won't be one of them.

As a Diamond member, traveling up to 23 days a month,  you get tired. When you're tired, the little things take what should be a 1 to a 6 without a second thought.  After a week of troubled travels due to the hurricanes, delays, cancelations, etc, I was tired.

I changed my reservation last minute to get out of New York, and here to a Hotel that I enjoy. I've been here several times, and have mostly had great experiences. When my first reservation was done, I had wrote on the app, and asked if I would be changing rooms (packing up and out for the day at work), or staying in my current room. I didn't like the answer, and shared my displeasure with Caleb from the front desk.

Mind you, I'm exhausted, at my wits end, and fresh off of 4 weeks of being sick from the latest round of whatever cold is out there, so I'm looking forward to push back due to my "karen" like behavior. Without missing a best, Caleb replied professionally and succinctly. I noticed I had failed to maintain my lane and apologized to him,  to which he replied it wasn't necessary.  I woke to a note under my door, saying in essence that he understood tough weeks happen, and wishing me a better week, along with a beverage credit.

Now, I know this is long winded, but I wanted ensure that it's understood that he was professional, above and beyond. The true face and representation of the Hilton Spirit, that I've found to be missing in all too many establishments. I suggest that Hilton finds a way to encourage him to explore advancement within their organization.

In regards to the actual Hotel, it's rooms are on the smaller side, many Without a worthwhile view. The beds, pillows and linens are perfect however.

It's located in an extremely convenient area, with many options around for food and entertainment. If you get the urge, there are several hiking trails within 20 minutes of here.

If you eat at the on site restaurant,  the menu is pretty typically priced for an on site establishment,  but the food is much better than most. I'd suggest the truffle fries, but avoid the grease laden cow burger. The staff there is very attentive, and you won't feel as though you're ignored.

The breakfast, it's a bit steep, and as much as I'd like to put a positive spin to it, I'm drawing a blank on how to make it seem value worthy, convenient, or tasty.

Overall, this is a great location, with staff that goes above and beyond. To the point of changing your view on your entire week.  I'd suggest them for any meetings, showers, reunions, or even vacation goers.

Was there for my family reunion. Beautiful hotel.  My room was perfect for my granddaughters to get to the pool. I stayed at the Hilton in Philadelphia and there service was no where like Hilton Wilmington. My family and I enjoyed the stay.

Stayed here on other trips. The rooms are big and quiet. The front desk folks are very nice and helpful. The breakfast was just what I expected. The chef was very nice and cheerful. The staff was attentive.
On check out, I asked the front desk to do something, and the young lady did exactly as I asked and needed. Thanks for that. The stay was quite pleasant. I will be staying here again in the future. I recommend this place.

I was impressed by the layout and cleanliness of this hotel. In addition the restaurant has really good food not the typical hotel type. My stay was just great!!

Overall the hotel is good, nice looking and clean.  You can tell it's an older building, elevators are beaten up, handle in our shower fell off. The big issue is that they hold events (Weddings, Reunions) which can be very loud and consume the amenities (Pool, etc).

We stumbled upon this hotel, while traveling and needed a place for just a night. It was a wonderful gem. Very clean hotel. The front desk was very helpful, friendly, and welcoming. We had dinner at the Market and Kitchen Bar, which was phenomenal. I had the salmon salad, which was recommended by our waitress and was so pleased! Unfortunately, we were only staying for one night and leaving early as we didn't have much time to explore everything else this Hilton had to offer!

Nice place and pet friendly as well!

Katie, Todd and Kim were great from the start to finish of our wedding planning and execution of event.  Highly recommended.

Beautiful hotel

Kudos to Hilton Wilmington/Christiana Hotel! The food, service, clean rooms, elegant environment that accommodated my wedding party also the integrity of their staff returning our lost items was amazing! The manager Bowen went above and beyond to provide acceptional service for my wedding party. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. From a 1-10 rating I give this hotel a 20. Thank you Bowen yall had the best hotel service we ever had!

Very nice hotel.

Location was ideal for a quick weekend girls trip, a mom getaway. We anticipated utilizing their television for a binge watching session of the newest release of Bridgerton. We quickly discovered they had older technology, which did not include access to any streaming services. We ended up getting a Roku stick delivered from Walmart so we could enjoy our show. The ice maker was broken on our floor, however they did have another one on the next floor up. Water pressure in the shower was light at best. Beds were firm and dated. The garden in the center of the hotel was pretty, and a nice change to the normal parking lot view. Parking was abundant, and due to being able to get a digital key we were able to enter right beside where we parked. Very convenient in that way!

Close to highway and services the hotel sets in a quiet location with plenty of parking.
Room was clean and spacious

Lo recomiendo 👍 especial los días festivos la comidad es deliciosa especial mente el bufé

It troubles me to send this review for a Hilton property.  I have been a Diamond for Life member for 15+ years so loyalty clearly means a lot to me.  Beware of their Cancelation Policy!

I booked this room like any other of my stays.  My trip required a change.  I was unable to do this online, so I called the hotel.  I was surprised to learn of the 30 day cancellation policy.  I spoke with the manager and explained that I was not aware of the extended cancellation policy because there was nothing ‘special i.e. a “Book Now” rate, as I would expect to see if I were unable to make a change. The hotel Manager was extremely unprofessional and rude while refusing to allow me to make the change.  I was shocked because it was 29 days before my trip!

I called the diamond desk all to be informed that the hotel manager made a special note in my file to make sure not to let me make any changes!  I get consistent surveys from Hilton to ask if I were treated well as a Diamond member.  I’m curious if they would find this acceptable?

There was an event which resulted in a sold out hotel weekend.  It seems like they would have been easily able to rebook the room; probably for a higher rate.  Instead, what they have is a very unsatisfied customer who will NEVER stay at this hotel again, and probably another customer who needed a room and was unable to find one.

As a business owner, I can’t believe the $514 was worth it!

We just stayed here for graduation and I recommend it. We were able to book our reservation well in advance with out the grad policy other hotels have and the price was much more reasonable. The drive was an easy 15 minutes to campus without dealing with the traffic of main st or the stadium. There is plenty of parking. The staff was friendly and helpful, plus we had some free time to sit outside at the pool. Our room was large and clean. I was also told that they are renovating next year.

Great location for meeting space. Easily accessible and very clean.

Front desk staff was rude

I presented a workshop entitled "Lights, Camera, Action 2.0" for the Life After AmericCorps conference. This was a return to this location for AmeriCorps, so I was familiar with the location. As usual, the staging was great, and the food they served was also great. Unfortunately, I didn't stay overnight this trip. But having stayed there in the past, this is a good place for events and to put your head down for the night!

I hate to give a Hilton a 1 star, but this hotel has no sense of customer service. They think they are doing you a favor by giving you a room AFTER they take your money. So you have my money and then say to me "we will go ahead and give you a room, we won't charge you twice. We will let you just pay the $160 that was already collected." They think that is doing you a favor. I hate that I even stayed here. They then asked do you want a bottle of water? No I replied. I just want a key for the room I paid for. I am a Hilton honors Gold member. And the favor they did me, was not making me pay twice for 1 room. Jerks.

This is a very beautiful and comfortable hotel.

The staff was very friendly and welcoming.

The breakfast was great and they even gave us complimentary breakfast for one more morning.

The parking was very spacious and available.

It’s a reasonably modern facility and I enjoyed my time at this location

Solid hotel.  Rooms nice.  Stayed here many times for NASCAR Race in Dover.  Breakfast buffet very average, get the omelet to order.  The regular eggs seemed like powered eggs, pancakes were lukewarm.  Coffee was good and that helps.  The bar in the lobby is good buy closes early, strange for a race weekend.

Always stay at that hotel when visiting Delaware for work trips - great rooms and service

Great place to stay. Staff are amazing. Rooms are starting to show their age.

I never do this but I feel this was very unfair and handled poorly and people should be AWARE & BEWARE...just got charged $75.00 pet fee. Let me explain = Made reservation with Hilton agent explaining we had a pet with us and was never told about $75.00 additional pet fee. Upon check in was told paper with fine print was to check in, and still no mention of $75.00 additional pet fee. Upon email check out room price went from $150 to $225 fee. I called the reservation desk to discuss and was told I signed a paper upon check in and so sorry for my luck. The hotel manager was rude and quite frankly condescending. Along with the fact the hotel was very noisy and not very secure.
Hilton, I have learned my lesson.......and will never stay at one of your hotels again.

Beautiful hotel. Beautiful rooms. Very clean. My mom had to have surgery at the hospital nearby and this was the perfect place to accommodate her.

I can’t tell you what a great experience it was staying here , I have stayed at many different Hilton hotels all around the US and by far this was my best experience! The king bed was super comfortable and the pillows  and bedding were awesome, excellent water pressure in the shower too with the bonus of Crabtree Evelyn products a plus !
Super clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful! I  would highly recommend !!
Wish I could buy the pillows !!

Nice clean hotel near i95 and Christiana mall. Close to huge regional Christina hospital and Delaware park casino and racetrack

Very noisy neighbors. Went to breakfast and there was food and crumbs all over the floor and furniture. The manager was aware of this issue. The bar and grill has great food, 👍👍

Great Location! Rooms are small thought

Great staff clean one negative is the rooms have the lowest toilets I have ever used. Very uncomfortable

A reasonably priced, quiet hotel with a surprisingly chic design. Good parking but basic food and drink options.

I've stayed almost every other month at this hotel for work. Every time it's a pleasure. The bar and food selections at night are enjoyable. Just great that you don't need to go anywhere but your hotel. And the morning food service is not your normal hotel style. Highly recommended

Was there for a wedding. Everything was beautiful.  Food was delicious. Room was very nice. Great atmosphere.

A clean hotel with a very polite staff.

Great kitchen / bar!

One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at the service is awesome. They care about your stay. Everyone is smiling

Do not stay here.  They advertise as upscale but this hotel is out of date and during my stay there were multiple elevators that were out of service for most of the weekend.   The hotel looks like it was last updated in the 90s and clearly they don't take care of the place very well.  The front desk does not thank you for your stay and the "managers" I spoke to seem disinterested in solving problems and simply say "I apologize" when major issues happen.

Perfect place to stay. Very professional.

Good Hotel, clean and was perfect

Great staff

All was well except for 1 unhelpful front desk employee.  All others were fabulous.

Having my future daughter in law 's wedding shower here. We've stayed here before and the room was very nice.

We have relatives in the area and have stayed here several timesWe travel pet friendly and always wonderful accommodations very clean and lovelyWe love your breakfast especially Chef Dennis what a great guyThat was a Sunday and then on MondayThere was another gentlemanAt The Omelette station another great chef lots of fun nice nice nice guysThat was Sunday January 7th2024 and Monday January 8th 2024Will always remember you guys in the areaAnd recommend you to anybody traveling in that area

The room has not microwave they offer the service on the lobby if I like to have one in my room I has to pay $15 dollars for it pool is not in service really

The staff was great

It's a gorgeous hotel. Truly. It was nice that when we got there, a gentleman opened the door for us. It made me feel very upscale. The room was beautiful, the decor throughout was fabulous. I liked being theoretically able to walk directly from our room out into the courtyard [it was rainy so i did not, but how romantic?]

Hilton close to 95 making it easy to come and visit without hassle.  Spacious rooms,  great customer service,  close to Delaware Park,  where there is racing and casino games. Christiana mall is a stone throw away. Ideal location!

Breakfast was amazing

Attended conf meeting only.  Food was very good and staff was very professional.

This hotel meets your needs. We were in town for a travel football game, we arrived around 5:30pm and check in was easy. The lobby was pretty and the area where they hosted breakfast was nice, rooms are a bit dated but spacious and clean. Inconsistency with what information was shared at the time of check in, a lot of the team stayed at the hotel and not all of us received the same notice about the rules (no playing ball in the building or even outside and quiet hours). The hotel is conveniently located close to places to eat but the bar in the hotel had a good selection of food, a bit pricey from what friends told us.

The hotel is beautiful and holiday decorations were magical! Renovated rooms throughout,  except the bathroom. The bathroom was very small. The breakfast was okay, but one day they did not cook the omelet enough and it was very runny. Not worth the price for breakfast.  One of the elevators was broken and the initial walk with all the luggage was terrible!

0/5 for the room service. Hang up my room service call for no reason without even answering it. When I call it again, the lady who picked up the phone was pretty arrogant. Sounds like I ruined her wonderful night. Also, there is no water you can drink (other than the tap water) in this hotel. And they will charge you if you call the room service for a bottle of water.

Seemed like its glory days may have been a few years ago, but the staff are very welcoming and professional. Wasn't entirely clear to me how costly some stuff was - the breakfast buffet was great, and included an omelette station!  But then I saw them handing out bills, turns out it cost $18.99.  May have been my fault for not paying close enough attention, but that seemed like a lot for an amenity which used to be included with the price of a room.  There were some oddities like the carpet seemed dated, the elevators just went all over randomly (which I found amusing and charming), and the door to my room was slightly askew. But overall, it was still a very nice room, and the people were so nice. The food was quite good - excellent burger.  Drinks were so expensive.  But I'd still go back.

Excuse me. But there is a group of dudes standing at the entrance whom are trying to start with everyone who walks in their direction. There's your problem.

Excellent...recommend highly. Thanks Caleb!

Great service!  I think it's great that they allow small businesses like mine to create a space to showcase my jewelry!  The staff is friendly and the room was clean

We really enjoyed our stay here. My only complaint is that I wanted to stay longer. Corliss checked us in at the front desk after a long trip with lots of traffic. I literally felt like my Mom was at the front desk ready and willing to take care of whatever I needed. We had to leave early the next morning but the breakfast buffet looked incredible!! Next time I plan to work in extra time to indulge in all of the amenities they provide. I highly recommend!!

The staff were very kind and friendly. We stayed for my best friend’s wedding and it was the perfect spot to get ready in for the day.

No hot water last day. Buffet was ok. To far to drive when visiting longwood and winterthur. Been here a few times years ago.

As a Diamond member for 20 yrs now, this hotel steps up to the plate to take care of their customers.  Kathy at front desk was excellent and took care of all my requests.  I highly recommend.   Breakfast buffet is the bomb, smoked salmon lox, and a great made to order egg station for $20....

Rooms were what you’d expect. The breakfast should have been complimentary based on the quality. Definitely not worth $18 a person for unseasoned eggs and stale toast.

Very nice place to stay.

Amanda at the front desk was extremely kind to us after we had to come over to the Hilton after leaving the Hampton across the street due to Bed Bugs.  Unlike the Hampton, she offered us breakfast coupons for our inconvenience.  She made a very unpleasant situation tolerable with her kindness.  Will stay at the Hilton for future Christiana visits.

Beautiful wedding venue, great service, clean!

I would appreciate a manager to reach out to us.

Problem solved. Thank you.

Nice hotel, not quiet when they're having 3 weddings and no funeral.  But hey weddings are fun party! Just really couldn't hear anything the lady at the front desk said since the bar was loaded.

Very nice hotel.  It was a bit noisy though.

Staff and Service..... FANTASTIC!!!

Rooms....definitely time for a major update including bedding quality.

Breakfast buffet.... VERY GOOD.

Attended a meeting, coffee available but it was cold.

Rooms need to be updated

Great service! The sever in the bar, Marcel is awesome! He is personable and ensured that we enjoyed our time at the bar. Joel is awesome as well. I will definitely return!

Went for a business event. Clean facility, convenient location.

Great quiet hotel that is clean!  No brainer if you need a place to stay in the area.   Highly recommend.

The room had a beautiful opening to a courtyard. The bar stayed open late and the staff was really friendly.  It is located close to a few restaurants and shopping location.

It was an all enjoyable experience than my last hilton experience. The staff were very nice ans made us comfortable as soon as we got in and it didn't take them long to check us in. We even got two complimentary bottles of water. The rooms were neat and classic and they complimented us with a king suite, which had a bath, something I have been yearning for. We will definitely go back as we had a lively experience. The only downside was the kitchen being closed on a holiday weekend ans breakfast was served too early.

Was there for a after funeral gathering.

We traveled to Delaware from North Carolina to photograph and film a wedding there.  We stayed at the Hilton Wilmington/Christiana because the couple had a room block there for their wedding party and guests.  We stayed 3 nights.  Our first night was 'okay'.  We had an issue with the sheets and the situation was kind of fixed when it happened.  However, the next morning, the manager working, Amanda, went above and beyond to make our remaining days there fantastic!!  We moved rooms the next morning and the 2nd room was so large that I used it to photograph the Bride getting dressed.  It had a beautiful view of the courtyard, was very quiet, and had plenty of room to set up gear the night before the wedding. I would highly recommend this location for your wedding (we watched one in the courtyard), getting ready time if you're a bride, or for just a nice quiet / romantic get away.

Great experience. Would stay again

Great stay.....😁
Thank you very much

Service was impeccable! Special thank you to Liz Flores who was on breakfast duty. She remembered me and the little details every time I saw her. One morning I was late for breakfast and a kind gentleman who was working in the buffet area took special care and saved me with the perfect cup of coffee. I had a service request and the new tech quickly responded with a pleasant attitude and a smile. I’m sorry I don’t remember his name. Daji with guest services was super helpful with my last minute need to extend my stay. I really didn’t want to leave! Everyone was so friendly, kind, and helpful.

This place is great.  My friend got married and the staff was exceptional during the whole process.  I would recommend this hotel for a wedding to anyone.

I was there with Mt Zion church

The Hilton is not updated. Cars was broken into during my stay.
I feel this isn't the 1st time cars have been broken into. And needs hotel patrol

Bad... no cameras in parking lot and 5 cars had their windows shattered. Only breakfast for 18.95 have to drive any place else.  Good... the staff are wonderful.  The pool is fun. The courtyard is great for families and the special events are well done.  The beds in our room were smaller than I expected and they do provide a coffee maker.  Cleaning had to be asked for which is great for environment but might be something to know.  We left looking at glass and shattered windows and a police car looking at the damage after a wonderful wedding experience.

The room is clean and the service is topnotch. I like the breakfast but my husband didn't but he is a picky eater. It was quiet and no noise. The pool is clean is well maintained. We ate out so we never tried their restaurant on site. The bed and pillows are so comfortable and we slept very well. The staff were informative and helpful too.

An absolute beauty. No need to consider any other hotel in the area.

Well maintained, great location, and great rates.

Check in via the app at least two hours before you arrive and your room and digital key will be ready. No need to even stop by the front desk.

Cheers, y’all. 🏨

One of the best Hilton hotels. Very clean and comfortable.

Unfortunately a lot of things changed. Breakfast is 19usd and it in not as good as use to.
On weekends they don't give smoke salmon or ham and cheese.
Rooms cleaning on demand only and even I asked twice to clean my room nobody came.

Nice hotel centrally located with great staff, especially Caleb.

I stayed recently and it was a good experience. I would stay again at better prices but I wasn't disappointed. My family and I had a great time. We were t wowed but a decent experience.

Nice comfortable rooms

Awesome experience staying at this facility. The staff was very kind & attentive.

Unfortunately while maid service is doing an excellent job in each room, the common areas are not being detail cleaned. There's a buildup of old lint and crud in all the corners and cracks and edges. The routine maintenance is being done in a shoddy fashion and the place just feels like it's falling apart. Again, this is the common areas not the rooms.

Thank you!!

Broken elevator, bar service whack.

The Courtyard room was the highlight of my stay. The room was clean,comfy and nice and cold just how my family and I like it. Oh the hot shower was awesome 👌

The rooms were extremely outdated. We were there for our family reunion. There were issues even before we got there. We attempted to get an upgrade, which we received a runaway about.  We were told to wait until arrival and then request an upgrade. We did that and there were no upgrades. The room was musty and had a moldy smell. The nightstand and other furnishings in the roomwere extremely dusty. The bathrooms were horrible. The toilet was so low to the floor it was difficult using it. I was 18 days post op from knee surgery and trying to use the restroom was indeed difficult. The only place in the hotel I found a reasonably raised toilet was in the lobby restroom in the last stall. A good portion of my family complained about the toilets. The water in the sink and the tub didn't drain well either. While showering you ended up with water pooling in the tub... Trying to brush your teeth or wash your face meant you would have to wait until the water had gone down to continue.

The best thing about the hotel was the location, literally right off of the hotel.

What a great Hotel to spend 2 nights in!  Very clean rooms.  The chef is phenomenal.  Breakfast had lots of different choices & had a chef making fresh omelettes.  Front desk staff was always smiling & would ask if you need anything.  You will not be disappointed!

I am very frustrated with my stay for several reasons.  I requested an upgrade almost two months in advance of my stay and received a confirmation email that said I would be told when I checked in if I could get the upgraded room although there were rooms available at the time when I requested the upgrade.  I called the hotel directly about 3 1/2 weeks before to ask if I could get the upgraded room as they were still showing as available and again was told I had to wait until check in.  I told the front desk person that I would be traveling with a person who was recovering from surgery and the upgraded room would assist with limiting the amount of walking they had to do as those rooms were on the first floor.  This person was very rude.  I then received an email from the hotel one week before my check in asking me if I wanted to confirm my upgrade request so I did but they STILL would not confirm it.  I called they day before check in to see if they would confirm it and they still reused but did say that I was on the first floor.  When I checked in the next day I was told there were no upgraded rooms available although I knew other members of my family who traveled with me had booked their rooms two days before we checked in and were given those upgraded rooms that I kept asking for.  As a Hilton Honors member, this was terrible treatment when I was traveling with a person recovering from a surgical procedure.  Then, the hallways of the hotel and common areas had NO AC at all and were hot, the room sink would not drain, the room smelled musty, it was very dusty, I had to clean all the surfaces with disinfecting wipes to prevent my relative who was recovering from surgery from being exposed to all that dust.  The signage in the halls for the ice machines were wrong, then inside the ice machine room it was also 1000 degrees.  The place was awful for a Hilton, not what I am used to. The toilet kept making a noise too.  Terrible.  Hopefully I will get a survey but it's OK if I don't because I plan on calling the corporate office to complain about why I was not given my upgrade if rooms were available.

I had the best friendliest Service here

Met one of my wife's friends that was staying her at the bar, he wasn't staying in the bar. We met him in the bar. Nice place, we enjoy Hiltons ourselves when we travel.

Very nice rooms, great dining experience, excellent service.

A very nice hotel, has everything for a 1 night stop. I would highly recommend. Clean and professional

Our stay at Hilton Wilmington Christiana had its ups and downs. Upon arrival, we were greeted warmly by the reception staff and promptly checked in (even a little early), which set a positive tone for our stay. The hotel offered a pleasant ambiance; the common areas were clean, and the lobby was well-appointed. Parking was ample and the location was convenient, offering easy access to local attractions, shopping areas, and the venue where we attended a wedding during our stay.

Our initial room appeared well-maintained and comfortable. We did request a room with a lanai, which was lovely, but a room next to the pool can be noisy. The real problem arose when we attempted to take a shower. The water temperature fluctuated constantly, oscillating between scalding and freezing. We contacted the front desk twice, and they were quick to respond. However, the first technician insisted that the water was at a consistent temperature, and we simply didn’t let the water warm up long enough. On the second call, another technician named Stephen validated our complaint and offered us a room change without hesitation. It is always an inconvenience to have to switch rooms in the middle of a stay, but the second room did provide a respite from the inconsistent water temperatures, albeit now we had to endure the traffic noise from the other side of the hotel.

Despite this issue, the hotel staff remained friendly and attentive, and the other aspects of our stay were satisfactory. We also really enjoyed the Market Bar and Restaurant. My only other complaint would be that for the price (nearly $800 for a 3-night stay), breakfast should have been included. Overall, it has potential, but improvements are needed to justify the cost.

Computers down when we arrived and credit card information was written down on a pink note pad along with the driver’s license. A great breach opportunity of sensitive personal information. I will let you know if my information is compromised at any time in the future.

Requested daily room cleaning and staff failed to clean the room two of the nights. After complaining, adjustment was made to the final bill.

For two days a huge rack with table cloths was parked outside of our room between 163 and 165. The next day and the 3rd day a huge bin replaced it labeled soiled “dirty” linens. I took a picture to post my experience. The soiled dirty linen was a sign of the greatest disrespect I have ever experienced at a hotel.

Of all of the rooms in the corridor, why were these items by my room?

Disappointed is an understatement at best.

Janay at the front desk showed exceptional service and professionalism by helping me get into my room as early as possible after a long overnight flight from Arizona. The rooms have been updated, are clean, and in good condition. Great location. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a weary traveler, and will stay here again myself!

Clean room.

Very clean, friendly staff.

Came for a wedding reception.  Beautiful hotel. Amazing service, and attention to detail.

The room was mold smelling, there was a random sock (not ours) under the bed. Hair in sink and bath tub.

Aside from that - room service was good, the pool was refreshing and open until 10

Having a bar in the hotel is great! I suggest trying the Karen

When I told staff about the messy room, they noted it but didn’t seem to care. For that -

3 stars

Aweful experience, booked a pet friendly room, was given a total rate, then tried to charge $75 more when I showed at the hotel, Manager Darrelle Thompson refused to make the situation right.

Getting a bit dated.

We met up with some friends who we haven't seen in over 30 years. Hotel staff were accommodating and courteous.

Didn't take a room so can't speak to that, but the staff was super nice and friendly (thank you Darrel from the front desk!), and the lobby and courtyard were beautiful & well maintained.

We've had four children up and down the east coast in lacrosse tourneys.  This is by far the best hotel that is offered in the Newark Delaware vicinity.   Kinds staff.  Nice ambiance.  Good pool.  Clean.  Nice restaurant/bar with good food.  Descent breakfast.  We will stay there again.

Rooms are really nice and the front desk offers superior service but the breakfast was $18 per person for their buffet bar. This seemed really overpriced for what was offered.

The bathtub did not drain in the room. It would fill up while you were showering, and did not drain in time for the next person to bathe or shower.
I was also bitten by bedbugs. I am very upset.

Great place for conference.

It would be nice if they had coffee and hot water available 24/7 in the lobby. Other than that it's good enough

The entrance to the building was rather awkward. Some doors had the key lock and some didn't. Made it a bit tough getting in late at night or with luggage. Other than that, the hotel was fine.

Enjoyed the breakfast buffet even though you pay more than $20 for it.  Wish they could just have a menu to lower the price.

The hotel grounds are very nice, the service was far from the best  the staff were nice but the price- vs-hospitality did not match, granted no one has to accommodate you with a microwave, continental breakfast, water or anything else but the pleasantries send a message that you appreciate your guests this hotel just didn’t send that message here.

Very nice and clean had a great stay.

The room was clean, comfy bed with lots of pillows. Shout out to Liz at the hotel breakfast area. Great service, great attitude and went above and beyond with us. Kudos Liz!!

Had a great stay. Room was clean, well maintained by staff daily. The grounds were gorgeous with many amenities including a pool, basketball hoop, gym. Also the restaurant/bar downstairs was great.

I attended the Mother's Day Brunch. The variety of food, dessert and drink were very good. Our server Ashley England was very attentive to my needs.  I am visually impaired ( totally blind) Ashley took me several times to the buffet and I was able to taste everything. Thank you Ashley The hospitality was excellent!! Food was plentiful and delicious!!

Love this hotel. Very clean. Friendly helpful staff. Hasn't changed. Still love it. Weather was chilly. Great fire pit. Beautiful  night sitting around the fire pit listening to music and watching the night sky.

The Mother's Day brunch was very nice comfortable listen to crowded everything was good the Hilton was great only thing that was missing from the menu I seen new pancakes nor waffles that should come back thank you

Clean, relaxing, and the nicest staff you could ask for.

Great service

Amazing food in the restaurant.  Everyone was very helpful and pleasant.

Very nice

The Entrance was very pretty and greeted right away! However …. Once we got into our room I immediately saw that the quality of the room didn’t match Hilton standards. My husband and I got into the room after midnight, so we just wanted to sleep. The bed and pillows are very comfortable. Thank goodness we didn’t bring our toddlers; the room is a health hazard for kids!

The hotel was quiet during my stay. Loved having the restaurant on site and the wonderful breakfast every morning. Perfectly located for my meetings.

Private.  Convenience.  Clean . Great rooms and staff

Very nice hotel. The rooms were very clean and neat. Staff was super friendly and accommodating. Will definitely be coming back!!

This was a great place to stay. The only complaint I have it seems that the walls are very thin. You can hear what’s going on in the next room whether it be voices or televisions. The breakfast was adequate but I’ve had better at Embassy suites. of them that it was a great stay at this Hilton hotel

I went to a wedding and enjoyed my time here.

My artist, @DrippDaDon and I will only stay in Hilton Branded hotels going forward!

I showed up at 9pm and went to check in and they gave me a handicapped room which I did NOT reserve.  I went back to the front desk to ask for another room and the front deck clerk argued with me.  Ended up putting me in a very tired queen room on the first floor.  So much for Hilton honors member.

Friendly staff and clean establishment. The hotel’s convenience store is very small and there aren’t many options to select from. The bonus is that there bar/restaurant on-site.

Very nice lounge and conference areas

Nice place. Clean rooms. Good food options. Shout out to Amanda, night time manager. Took great care of us.

Came in tonight for a busy day of work, and I am so happy I chose to stay here. Daji the front desk host was super nice and welcoming. One of my colleagues couldn’t make it because his flight was canceled but we had pre-paid for the room and he understood the situation. He gave us a voucher for a free drink and breakfast and that really meant a lot because when you lose money on pre-paid, it is what it is but it’s nice when a business still takes care of its customers. In today’s economy finding quality is hard to find, but this Hilton definitely exceeded our expectations. So Mr. Hilton please realize because of workers like Daji I will continue to stay here in the future because sometimes it’s just the little things that matter. Other than that this hotel is super clean super nice and a safe area and the restaurant and bar staff are amazing too!!!
Thanks Daji!!!

Clean room.  Nice staff.

79 dollars bar and food watch out for late check out the busted me in my etc for 58.00 no refunds just straight dry. BBB that was harsh. Breakfast 48 dollars. Wo

Attended a banquet here. Staff was friendly,  the location was clean and pretty but the food wasn't the greatest on that day.

This hotel is on the older side, HOWEVER it has been well kept. Very comfortable bedding. The water pressure was good. The staff members were nice. The only downfall I have is that breakfast was not included.

Staff is excellent and clean beautiful campus

Odd that there was no refrigerator or microwave in room. Steak dinner came with plastic utensils (room service).

great

Good spot in a great location near the new Cheddars Restaurant!!!!!!

Very nice place, room rentals should be 24 hrs though...no matter what time you rent room (s). Didn't use any service but housekeeping did a wonderful job. Keep up the good work.

I was there again today for the same women's conference. The hotel is wonderful I just have one issue. Since the last time I am now in a wheelchair and have an ileostomy. The public bathrooms are not handicapped friendly at all even though they have a so called handicapped stall. You can't close the door and have to transfer completely around. The grab bar or lack of is a joke. And I also have to turn my chair around again to access my ostomy stuff and which  wasn't easy and then turn around again to transfer back with with no grab bars and having to turn all the way around in the transfer to get back into my chair. There is no room and no sink or anything to constitute a regulation ADA bathroom stall. Can ya please Hilton rectify this! It would be greatly appreciated

My husband and I booked a weekend Friday evening. I was going there to attend a women's conference. The hotel staff outstanding and the restaurant in the hotel the food is absolutely delectable, tasty and seemed freshly prepared which is rare it seems today. This wasn't our first stay but each stay we leave very welcomed and welcomed back and enjoy the room and quietness and especially the care and attention they give to their guests. One of my favorite places to stay. (And we only live an hour away yet choose to stay here and make a weekend of it - that alone means yep we enjoy staying at Hilton Christiana Delaware

Toilet height needs to be raised

We Did the Valentine Chef special and I love how they paired wine with every course the food was well prepared and the host cared about guests feeling welcome.

Just give 4 star in overall because I was there for one event in one of the salons, employees are friendly and professional, very clean place.

I did enjoy the digital keys to get into the room. The hotel was very nice.

Greatest location to casino

Good experience.

The conference room was a great place for a medium size gathering. Friendly staff.

The best place I’ve ever stood in. I’ve never stood in a hotel where I could fall asleep. The bedding and pillows are the best. I fell asleep like a baby. The staff is great. Loved it. We’ll be back.

Top notch service and bar staff.  Can't express enough the fantastic job both the management and staff do here.  As a frequent business travel, I can tell you these folks set a high bar for hospitality.

Clean. safe parking lot. very nice lobby and lobby bar. Checked-in through the app and breezed straight to my room. Best option for parents visiting U.D. students. Plenty of surrounding dining and shopping options.

Very disappointed with this Hotel.  Not at all what I expected of a Hilton.   The picture of the room booked was nothing like the room I had.  Bed was very uncomfortable.   No hairdryer in room bathroom vent did not work.  No breakfast, high priced bar/dining.

Great friendly staff. The rooms are very clean

Very good experience.

Great location. The hotel is off the main highway, close to restaurants and about five minutes from the Mall.

Had periodontal work done along with car work. Use to live here when I had my medical practice before retiring.

We have use this banquet facility for the first time. I am extremely satisfied for the hospitality and the set up of the  ball room. Our rep Theresa was extremely professional and very helpful. Looking forward to schedule our next event.

It was so so beautiful, I had so MUCH fun

hotel staff is great! Rooms pretty beat up. The idea of forcing me to buy two days to get my desired one was a disreputable practice and would dissuade me from Hilton if I encountered again.

Clean, affordable rooms with nice amenities and very comfortable beds. Will stay again when we are in the area.

PROS:  The staff was nice. And allowed us to late check out. The beds were comfortable and room was clean.
CONS: $20 breakfast. Water in faucet and shower was luke warm at best. Spent $150 for the night.

The room smelled musky and of cheap cologne. The front desk staff was wonderful she was very friendly and helpful. The hotel had a water leak in the first floor hallway next to our room. The place looked very dated. It was dusty all over our room.  They had only one bath towel for a double occupancy room of four people 🙄. The bed sheets didn't smell clean. This was the worst Hilton I have ever stayed at.

Initial room given was not cleaned.  Got a new room and that was good.

No clear signs for the breakfast.  Hotel breakfast got mixed up with breakfast offered as part of a hosted event

Clean property. Attentive staff

I had a pleasant stay at this hotel with an exception of the check in process.  I was coming from out of town, the room was booked by a friend who put my name in the system.  After I gave my name, the person who's booked the room and the room number,  the desk clerk became defensive,  automatically said "I can't just let you in a room" without even checking the system.  She found my name after checking and never apologized for the accusation.   I was super uncomfortable with that process and for that reason,  I would be hesitant about returning.   Other than that,  the bed was comfortable and room was clean.

Stayed here with the wife while visiting friends. Our stay was for three nights, I booked an upgraded room with a king bed.
The staff has been some of the nicest I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with. They were super friendly and always helpful. The best part of the entire stay.
But the physical hotel itself has seen some better days. The outside of the building has some damages that seem to have been there a while, window sills broken and a missing fake shutter decor. The inside of our room is dated and there are some cracks in the ceiling and old leak stains. All those are understandable (to a degree) as buildings and walls age and there are always things that need fixing. But what’s unacceptable was the spider web in the corner of the room. That just shows complete lack of care about the place. Also the doors to the room have zero sound proofing. I can hear people coming down the hall while they have a normal conversation. You can hear everything that is going on in the hallway.

Given all of the above, I probably would not choose to stay here again.

Also a warning to those who get the first floor rooms. Some of the rooms look right out onto the parking lot. As in someone parking will be able to look right into your room if the shades are open. Made for an awkward arrival for us. This part has zero impact on the rating I gave.

Much nicer hotel compared to the others in the area my family members were staying at. Reasonably priced. Staff was very nice.

This is one of the better Hilton's I have stayed in recently.  Very clean and updated. Good service. The attached restaurant has very good food and is moderately priced. Definitely not inexpensive.

Stayed here again and still happy with this location.

This was my bday present to myself to relax in away from home but still close by. Ignore my bags and Chic fila in the videos I was hungry before I checked in from a long day. The front desk staff were very nice. Quick check in. You could use the app also. The app is very easy to use and can live chat if you have any questions. They answer very quickly. I had the breakfast included in the package and ordered room service. The Fried Italian cheese Ravioli(with sauce), Salted Caramel cake and Woodside vanilla ice cream were delicious. I always have Woodside ice cream, so I already knew it was good. Room service took less than 15 mins to deliver from ordering. Zach was very nice. 18% Tip is already included. The room was great. I had a king-size bed. Everything was clean. I felt very safe on the 2nd floor. It was very quiet. A/C Heat worked very well. I was very comfortable in the room at night. I had a view of the pool. I didn't use it. There was no microwave. Only a mini fridge. The breakfast buffet was delicious (scrambled eggs w/ cheese on the side, sausage patties, pancakes, hashbrowns, mixed fruit, muffins, danishes, marbled cake slices, oatmeal, cheese cubes,bagels, coffee,tea,oj,apple juice, water)omlette station. Everything was delicious. Really loved the muffins and marbled cake. Pancakes were light and fluffy. I checked out digitally, but you have to return the key at the lobby anyway. They have an indoor restaurant. I didn't go to. Looks great. Parking isn't bad either, depending on how booked they're. Will book again soon.

Great place to host an event! Friendly staff, good food, service and atmosphere

Always a pleasant experience. Friendly Check in. Definitely a great place to stay. Just off of 95

Great experience.  Thank you to Katie McNally for making the reservation process easy.  Michelle at the front desk was very welcoming even wishing us an Happy Anniversay as she was checking us in.  We ate dinner at the Market Kitchen and Bar.  Amanda was our server and was very friendly and made a few suggestions that were definitely needed after viewing all the mouth watering items on the menu.  The fried chicken curley's were very tasteful and the Cow Tipping Burger was better than expected.
The room was very inviting and the view of the courtyard was excellent.   Last but not least the breakfast buffet.  Wow!!!  Chef Don and his omelets!!!  DELICIOUS.   Again a great experience all around.

Our family has stayed every thanksgiving for the last three years. This will be our last time. Made several complaints of children running up and down the halls and in and out of rooms for thirty mins. It just carried on. These group of kids were left unattended, no adults. Is this not against hotel policy? Everyone is well under the age of 13. Saw with hockey sticks so it’s obvious what the ruckus was… playing hockey in the hotel after 8pm. Now I’m being kept up, lovely.

The parents have returned and joined in on the noise making. The lack of consideration for the other guest and the hotel’s lack of action…

Came.for Thanksgiving buffet. So good, so worth it.

Chester Upland 40yr high school Class Reunion(Class of 82)

We held our wedding here and the staff and accommodations were great!

Enjoyed the brunch!  They had made to order omelets.  I just enjoyed the regular breakfast items.

Great staff and the place is beautiful....... room is spacious and very clean...... one thing is my key wouldn't open the door but they had maintenance there very fast and even he was a super cool guy would definitely recommend

Been here several times. Excellent.

Best location! Respectable bar. Pricey but good food! Haven't stayed there but have heard that the rooms are good! Pleasant staff!

I'll definitely be back! Room and facilities were clean and very professional!! Hit up the Hot Spot across the street if you stay here!!

Great spot, Remy always takes care of us when we’re in town.

We walked to a concert at MSG from here. So convenient, very clean and comfortable. Staff very helpful and attentive.

Breakfast was fair at best.

This was a great hotel for our family for Spring Break. The staff were among the friendliest New Yorkers during our entire stay and very accommodating. The complimentary breakfast was a big perk and subway line was super close. This was also a nice location to have a moderate walk to Grand Central, Rockefeller, Times Square, or Lower Manhattan areas. Would definitely stay again!

Honestly, this is one of the best hotels I stayed in NYC. Everything was very clean. The room had the basics - desk, TV, ironing board, safe. However, everything was really well organized and clean. I was on the 8th floor in one of the corner rooms, and it was great.
I did hear from a friend who stayed on the 18th floor, however, that there was a problem with water pressure. So, perhaps the lower the floor the better in this case....
The staff were very kind. Overall, highly recommend!

Just a great place clean good food and drink staff very friendly .  We Will return to stay there again .

I had a very lovely stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. The location is superb for being close to many points of interest and great food. A lot of things are in walking distance and the subway station is just around the corner. Based on location and service alone I would stay here again and recommend it.

The service was great and staff were helpful and friendly. They have a baggage hold for your luggage if you arrive earlier than check in, or have a late flight and don’t want to lug everything around with you on your last day.

Th room overall was excellent. My only issue, albeit small, was that there was hair on each of the bath towels that were supplied to me that was not mine. No huge deal, but it is a turn off. The bathroom was clean and the room was orderly. The water pressure left a lot to be desired, but it was doable, and the water gets nice and hot for showers. There is a small fridge and a safe in the room too.

I enjoyed my stay here very much. Thank you!

Great service, friendly staff, upgraded me, and great location across from the subway! Would stay again!

First time staying a Hilton Hotel, and my experience of the rooms/concierge were not the greatest. I checked in very late, close to midnight because I am out of state.
I made my reservation through the Hilton App, and was quoted around $365-$370 for my 2 night stay. I also opted for the late checkout fee for an additional $75 (~ $440 total; got charged a total of $462.10 for a 2 night stay because of a late checkout fee for one of the days I already booked & was staying).
When checking in, I asked the check-in gentleman to see if I still had the late checkout option that I reserved & he told me that I would have to check with the morning staff, as it could change depending on availability. That threw me off, to begin with.
After getting in the rooms, they were not as clean as expected. There was long brown hair in the sink that looked like someone had tried to wipe quickly. The toilet seat still had poop on the inside of the toilet seat & inside cover from someone previously; that I had to clean. Lastly, a lovely yellow stain on the bed sheets that really really skeeved me out completely. I didn’t bother to say anything to the front desk, after the lackluster experience I had encountered & because I was only staying there 2 nights. (I wish I took photos of the toilet & bathroom sink before I cleaned it, but the stain on the bed really got me)
I really don’t enjoy complaining, or leaving bad reviews - but this one really stuck with me the worst. I guess you can say I have PTSD from Covid; but this was one of the worst hotels I’ve stayed at in the city. I’m typically a Hyatt/Marriott stayer & decided to give Hilton a try. My mistake.

Only reason I would return, would be for location…but that’s a big IF. At this point, I’d rather pay more money for a clean hotel room that doesn’t double charge me for late checkout fee on both days of stay & for a place that I don’t have to bring my own Clorox wipes to and clean everything myself before touching anything.

Great location and prices if you are visiting NYC!!!

We just returned from a 1-night stay at this lovely, little gem at 33rd and Park! The room was very clean, every member of the staff we encountered was friendly and helpful, and the location was fantastic - 9 blocks south of Grand Central Station on Park Street and there it is! It was also extremely quiet and we had a great night's sleep! Thanks for the hospitality!

Our room was small, but it was good for what we needed for our first visit to Manhattan, NY. Ramon and the other front desk team were pleasant. I'd stay at this location again and would recommend to my family and friends.

Excelente

Amazing staying, everything was smooth and effortless to check in and check out. The room was cousy and well clean. The location it was the most important for us there is the subway on the same street and was super convenient for us to move to central park and Soho. I will recommend this location for any of your day trips and long staying as well.

Friendly, clean, efficient, well-maintained property.  Very reasonable rates when I was there.  Walkable to/from both Penn Station and Grand Central and everything in between.  Near multiple subway lines and right on the 4-5-6.  Small but surprisingly pleasant/useful lobby area with tvs, work space, and clean bathrooms.

Don’t buy any food from their shop when they said you have credit. 0 service

Extremely disappointed with the service here. Upon check-in, I was promised a $20 daily credit per room (Gold status) that would roll over if unused. Based on this info, I used the credit to buy their $5 bottled waters for my two rooms, as no free water was provided.
At checkout, the story completely changed. They claimed the credit was only for one room and cleared daily. When I tried to resolve this with the billing department, they were incredibly rude, questioning my integrity by repeatedly asking 'who told you that' rather than taking responsibility for their staff's misinformation. Don't expect them to keep their word or provide decent customer service.

we love our room, location was very strategic , with breakfast quite nice👍🏻

it worked, but it was well broken in, and for 3 the pull coach was rickety, thin, and painful. The elevators were a C- or 2.5  stars. The staff was wonderful. That help make our trip better

Room was clean and and tiny, but well designed.  Comfy bed. Appreciated refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker (although we didn't use them.)  $400+ per night off-season price was high (even by New York standards.)  We were disappointed with our prepaid breakfast. Inedible food served in a yucky, smelly barroom.  After our first morning, we ate at nearby diner despite having prepaid for breakfast at the Hilton.

Great location next to the 33rd Street subway stop of the 6 train.

This is pleasant hotel. Very polite, helpful staff. Good location, clean decent sized rooms. Good value. Other than long wait for lifts (occasionally), I really can’t fault it. Would definitely consider next time I visit New York.

Very clean. Very kind staffs. Very close to station. It was great.

3 min walk to Empire State Building, 1 min to subway station, very good breakfast! Totally recommend!)

Everything fine, just hotel and rooms a little bit old, will need a refresh.

Had already selected room and checked in online via Hilton Honors app but when went to pick up key, told the room was no longer available and given one on lower floor. Not great start but room fine. No explanation as to why room no longer available. Staff nice and hotel in good location.

We stayed here 4 nights in December with a baby and loved it!!! The staff is so nice and very attentive. We loved the view from our king room on the 22nd floor, summit one Vanderbilt was right in front of us! The rooms aren’t huge but it was big enough for 2 adults and a baby. Super convenient that you can message the staff for any needs via text. We asked for a pack n play and had one delivered to our room probably within 15 min, amazing. The location is great! Pretty much walking distance to everything but not in the middle of all the noise. Subway access was also a short walk. We would 100% stay here again. Pictures are of our room (when we were leaving) and our view at night!!!

If you are lucky like me, you will see this view.

There were a few pros and many cons of staying at this hotel. |The pros:|-Great location! Walking distance to many attractions. |-Parking garage directly next door. |-The beds were comfortable. |That’s where it ends.  |The cons:|-Terribly loud.  We were in room 306 and heard loud music and bass all night. It was the worst nights sleep.  We had another room as well (303) and they heard slamming doors and the elevator all night. |- I  called ahead and requested a room on a higher floor and when we went to check in, there was no note in my reservation. The front desk was not helpful and said we could wait an extra 4 or 5 hours to get a room two floors higher.  The view wouldn’t have been any better so we decided to stick with the 3rd floor.  |-Housekeeping is extremely slow. We requested extra blankets and it took over an hour and a second phone call before we received them.  |-The view was absolutely terrible. It was my daughter’s first time in the city and we were very disappointed with our view.  |Overall, we wouldn’t stay here again. It is definitely not a good place to rest and relax after a long day exploring the city.

Great hotel right on park avenue. Very clean rooms and amazing staff. Modern tvs with every app you can think of and close to everything major but away from all the craziness. For the price defenilty worth it

Incredibly clean room, soft towels, and a comfortable bed! Richard was excellent at the front desk with helping me adjust my reservation this morning. Also, literally around the corner from the 6 subway. This is an excellent place to jump off and see NYC. I would recommend anyone to stay here!

We had the absolute best stay at this Hilton. The location truly couldn’t be better—within easy walking distance to Times Square, Central Park, and even neighborhoods like Chinatown and Tribeca. The subway entrance is right across the street, making it incredibly convenient to get anywhere in the city.
What truly made our stay unforgettable, though, was Arlene. She is an absolute gem—so kind, thoughtful, and genuinely full of heart. From the moment we arrived, she made us feel welcomed and cared for. We arrived early, and she graciously arranged for us to check in ahead of time, which made such a difference.
After learning we were in the city to celebrate my niece’s 13th birthday, Arlene went above and beyond. While we were out for the afternoon, she surprised us by decorating our room with balloons and streamers. It was such a special, thoughtful touch that meant the world to our family and made my niece feel incredibly celebrated.
This stay exceeded every expectation, and it’s because of people like Arlene who turn a great hotel into an unforgettable experience. We cannot wait to return and will absolutely be recommending this Hilton to everyone we know.

Had a wonderful time sleeping, service was good. Only issue was that they didnt not serve breakfast/lunch/dinner for free it cost $300 extra. Other than that everything was good.

Great, central location close to the Empire State Building. Rooms were clean, and there was free coffee and tea in the mornings until 10 am. Everyone who worked there was very nice. My main issue was the noise at night: there is a club nearby so loud music was keeping us up at night on the weekends.

Nice hotel

Another Hilton Garden Inn  with EXTREMELY loud HVAC.   👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼

Good location, next to subway station. Good service, room is on the small side, will stay here again

Excellent stay and one of the only hotels in NYC where weed smell is prevalent! Would stay there again

We stayed on the 19th floor, which was quite quiet, allowing the whole family to sleep well. Although the view from my window wasn't great, I didn't come to Manhattan to spend all my time in the hotel room. The gym was impressive—clean and at a comfortable temperature. Generally, hotel gyms can be freezing due to the AC during winter, but this one was just right.||The room was small, as expected for Manhattan, but spacious enough for our needs. The hotel did not offer a complimentary breakfast, so I decided to eat outside, which wasn't a big deal. ||The only downside was when I went to take a shower and placed my belongings on the toilet tank. Unfortunately, my watch fell between the wall and the toilet seat. This toilet had a large gap underneath, making it impossible for me to retrieve my watch. As I was checking out, I informed the hotel about the incident, and they removed the toilet to retrieve my watch. They kindly sent it to my house in another state, but the FedEx charge was $65, which I thought was quite high for a running watch. ||Maybe the hotel could consider closing the large gap behind the toilet seat, as I’m sure my watch isn’t the first to fall there.

This hotel was located in a very convenient  Midtown area. Check-in was easy, we didn't arrive until almost midnight due to our long day of travel. Front door to the hotel after 11pm you need to use your room key to access the lobby which was a great layer of security. Never had to wait too long for the elevator, but street noise from Park ave which is the main street you could hear non stop sirens at night..it was loud in our room we stayed on the 11th floor facing the 45 E 33rd street front of the building. my sister stayed on the 25th floor no street noise. rooms are small I wouldn't recommend more than 2 people. Great coffee place across the street. subway access is steps away trains going to uptown and lower downtown.  It was very close to LaGuardia airport 17 minutes.. JFK it was a 30 minute drive. Yes I would stay here again, just request upper floor. Only reason why I didn't give it a 5 ⭐ because of the noise.

Pretty good spot. Decent price. Good-sized rooms for Manhattan.

Exceptional service from Tenzin.  He went above and beyond with his assistance during our short stay.||The hotel itself is an average HGI.  Lobby and common area is small since it's Manhattan.

Hotel was in an excellent location. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was spacious, comfortable and shockingly quiet considering the busy streets in the area. Bedding could have been a bit nicer - they used this overly scratchy duvet cover that was not comfortable. Bathroom was spacious and well stocked. They also offered off street parking which was very helpful. Would definitely stay here again.

Nice hotel with friendly staff in a central location when spending time in midtown.   Nice restaurant connected to the hotel.   Only nit is that the room our room was quite small for any more than 2 people  (and I am used to smaller NY hotel rooms) so a longer stay unless you are a single can be tough, but for a weekend it's certainly doable.

I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn on Park Avenue and found it to be a well-located, comfortable base for exploring Manhattan. It’s just steps from Grand Central Station, Times Square, Bryant Park, and several subway lines, ideal for getting around the city with ease.

While it’s not a luxury hotel, it delivers solid comfort and convenience. The room was compact (typical for Manhattan), but thoughtfully arranged with a very comfortable bed. There was a faint musty scent, possibly from humidity or age, but nothing that disrupted our stay. The overall vibe was cozy and functional.

The front desk staff were genuinely kind and welcoming, which made a big difference. Housekeeping was reliable, and the spacious lobby offered a nice place to relax. There’s also a restaurant attached to the hotel, which adds to the convenience.

For the price point, it offers great value, especially considering the location and service. If you're looking for a well-situated, comfortable place to stay in Manhattan without splurging, this hotel is a smart pick.

Very disappointing stay. Small but tall hotel with no room being far from elevators and associated noise but what made the stay so bad was parties in nearby rooms with sound and pot smoke travelling through the AC vents. We reported to staff of floor but they could track down so had to ensure till 2am... This was compounded by street racing with burnups and sirens going off till 3:30am. This is not the hotels fault but unfortunately any midtown hotel has to suffer from these types of behaviour. I would recommend looking towards the village or elsewhere as noise is less and with such a great subway or with walking nothing is far away! Will not be staying at this hotel again!

Small but quiet room. Standard small hotel gym. Conveniently located for sightseeing. The 6 line is just across the street.  ||Discounted parking is one block down. Will hold up to two luggages after checkout without a fee. ||Would have had a better night sleep if the pillows were not lumpy.

Wonderful view from my room.
Room cleaning always nice consiatently for 10days

Very clean and polite hotel, very knowledgeable and helpful with food options and what to do the area

I can’t say enough about the staff at this hotel. Richard, And his entire front desk staff are superb. They are very kind caring and always looking to help. Great location great price and the rooms are clean and spacious. It’s my go to every couple of months when I go to New York City.

Location of this place was actually perfect. Just a short walking distance to the Empire State, Times Square, Madison Square Gardens, S&P lol. The rooms were very clean and while on the smaller end, had enough storage for our things. The concierge was were delightful to speak with. Enchanté Mr. Burkina Faso! Très content parler avec vous!
We had a great time and would stay here again!

Overall, a good experience well placed in Central Manhattan prices are fair for the area. The view from the bedroom window was less than appealing, but in fairness, what can they do about that?
Otherwise, I would say this is a perfectly adequate place to stay. You won’t be wild by it but there’s nothing to dislike.

Typical hotel. Small bathroom, nice shower. Good location in midtown.

This is a great place for a short stay. Clean rooms, easy access to UN events, and great staff. Breakfast is very complete and varied for those of us on a low-calorie diet :) . But perhaps the best thing at the hotel are the staff, not only at the front desk, but particularly at the breakfast restaurant. Special thanks to Raul and Roxana for the cheerful disposition and excellent, 5-star service. Thank you very much!!!

Went with my family all very friendly especially breakfast stuff. My kids loved it! Thank you 😊

Good access to Park, Madison, and Grand Central. Friendly staff, and pretty good good at the restaurant with a happy hour that extends to 7:00 pm!

Our stay at this hotel was incredibly disappointing. The front desk staff - Hulio in particular, was rigid, unhelpful, and completely lacking in understanding. Because of their unwillingness to be flexible, we had to wait hours for a package , which set a terrible tone for our visit.

To make matters worse, the fire alarm went off three different times during our stay. It was disruptive, stressful, and no explanation. You get the standard 'I'm sorry but unfortunately answers'. Instead of feeling like guests, we felt ignored and inconvenienced.

The room itself was fine, but when you combine an unwelcoming front desk with repeated disturbances, the overall experience was exhausting rather than restful.

If you value good service, peace, and professionalism, I would strongly recommend choosing another hotel.  And Jon, Jose, if you are seeing this, please train your staff to be more flexible and understanding.  Need to improve the problem solving skills.

Rooms are quite small, however, service from front desk, being acknowledged and addressing me by my name was very hospitable. I would like special attention to the breakfast team consisting of Roy and AZ. They truly made my and my family experience more enjoyable and they exude sincere hospitality. Kudos to the entire breakfast team.

This hotel has come a long way in the past 8 years. While the room sizes are not the largest in the city, they are nicely appointed now. The TV system has been upgraded. In the bathroom, amenities meet most needs. I find a location very useful as I often have to access Grand Central Station which is a short walk away.

Rooms on the small side

This hotel is very good,very clean,kid friendly,safe,staff are very good and supportive and provides lots of information.it is nearby to subway,restaurants and many more.as spending time with kids definitely recommend this place.

I would definitely stay there when I will go back to NYC.

Room is very small and old. There was a dirty towel after house keeping, and no new towels was sent to the room when I requested new ones. The front desk is welcoming, but it took them 15 minutes to get my checked bags because “they didn’t have the keys”. Almost causing me to miss my train.

Positive: The friendly smiling staffs and cleanliness of the hotel. Great location! Empire State Building is just a 5 minute walk away. Koreatown and subway stations were also within 10 minutes of a walk. Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Great stay BUT the hotel policy authorizes a one night full stay on your card, (close to $300 for me during this stay) then the day I checked out, the hotel charged my card the total for both nights (close to $600) for both nights which makes ZERO sense.  So now I have almost $900 withdrawn from my account and have to wait a few days for the hotel to release my first authorization.  I stay at a  large amount of hotels and this has never been the policy of over charging someone for MORE than the total of their stay.  I understand authorizing an amount for a deposit etc. but this isn't the way it should be done.  Never staying at a Hilton again, I'll stick to Marriott :)

Rooms were clean and staff was so friendly and accommodating!!   AC in the room made weird noises and when on and off throughout the night and you can hear a lot of noises and even peoples tv's next door.  Garage next door which is convenient and very close walk to time square.

Hôtel très propre, sévices de  petit déjeuner super ,personnel très très accueillant et j’ai surtout apprécié l’accueil au petit déjeuner très souriant et serviable accueillant
Un grand merci
J’ai passé un très agréable séjour

I came into NYC to visit my brother in the hospital.  The staff was very caring, understanding and accommodated me.   The hotel is Very clean and the great location.  Thank you Karen (made my reservations)and Donovan checked me in.  Excellent customer service.   I highly recommend this hotel.

맨하튼 번화가 숙소로 아주 만족합니다.
바로 앞에 33번가 지하철다니고
한 블럭만 걸어가면 미술관 센팍등 가는 버스 정류장이라 교통은 100점

애정하는 북창순두부도 도보거리..

10대 아이들과 더블 침대 2개 방에서 지냈는데
침대가 살짝 좁긴합니다.

그리고 요일별 숙박비 편차가 엄청 심하네요
30만원 초반에서 50만원 초반까지..

투숙객이 많아서 체크인은 오후3시보다는 늦는편입니다.
일찍 도착하시면 짐 맡기고 주변산책하고 5시쯤 체크인하는 것 추천이요.

로비직원중에 동양인 젊은 남성이 있는데
불친절의 끝판왕입니다.
4시까지 방 준비가 안되어 클레임했더니
알아듣지 못할정도로 빠르게 말을 하며
미안한태도가 없더라구요

다른 직원들은 친절한편이구요.
특히 나이 있으신 남성 매니저분 친철했어요

한국분들 후기많아서 예약했는데 저도 추천이요

그리고 호텔 주변이 번화가라 노숙자등 위험한 요소는 딱히 없었어요.

예약할때 시티뷰로 예약해야 뷰도 좋고 조용합니다.

반대편 방은 2층에 있는 라이브카페 때문에 특히 주말에 엄청 시끄러워요

지하철 이용할때 13회 이후 무료 이용하려면 교통카드 꼭 단독사용하세요
2인이 사용하면 26회 사용이후 1인만 무료입니다. 저는 그거 모르고 둘이 사용해서 1명만 무료적용되고 동행인은 요금 계속 결제됐어요

결론은 추천이요

Hulio is so nice and kind server!!!!!

Really good location, everything was pretty near, only had to take the metro to a few places, the rooms are really nice and comfortable. The service is great and the staff is always looking out for people who need help. The bar is a minus because there are people fighting from the bar and into the hotel. (Obviously not physically fighting just verbally) but overall the place is well-located and the room, and service is great.

Employees were very much kind and respectful. Me & my family had a great view of the street from our hotel room. 9/10 experience.

Great location rooms are comfortable

Elevator slow to respond old and needed repair.  Bathroom doesn’t have fans to suck air  out. No coffee and water give to guests. No towels for guests . Overall I complained to staff they don’t care at all. Don’t go here! It’s the worst experience I have ever had .

We have a wonderful experience! This spot was close enough to lots of attractions but felt just far enough out of the hustle and bustle. The rooms were clean and the staff was top notch! If we ever return to the city, this will be where we stay, for sure.

👍👍

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We stayed for 3 nights in July and would recommend it to any one. Hotel was on a fairly quiet street, allowing us to unload luggage at the curb and then drop our car at the garage a block and a half away. Subway (6) was right outside and could easily go uptown and downtown or go up a stop to Grand Central to transfer. Location was perfect. Room was clean and well suited to our needs. Staff was pleasant and helpful. We were facing 32nd St and were able to still get some lovely views and enjoy a quiet room in the heart of the city.

Great location! We were on the 26th floor. The room was pretty big for nyc standards but I just wish the rooms were not so dimly lit. We had the first room with the pull out couch and the adjoining room with the bed. We literally had to pull out our cell phone flashlights to look into our bags that were kept in the first room. Hope this feedback helps the management  add few more light options in the rooms. Otherwise everything was perfect 👌

We booked the room for 3 people. But we were only given 2 sets of towels and 2 drinking cups in the room.
The bed light was not working. It took them 3 days to fix it after we reported it.
A new bathroom floor matt was not given in the next check-in day room clean up.
Even worse, one day we requested room cleaning, but they didn't clean it at all when we returned back to the room in the evening.
Hotel has no parking. Neighboring non-Hilton owned parking garage is super expensive.

Great room, very clean, very beautiful! Love it here!

Positive: "" Negative: The air condition/fan was too loud, need 3M earplugs for the night

It was nice place but not clean hole might body wash hitching

After 4 nights of not sleeping due to a fire in my building I came here hoping to catch some sleep. Nope- on a Tuesday night it sounds like someone is blasting music in my room. Every now and then people scream as well. I called the front desk and they said this is how it is until midnight. They sent me ear plugs. If you are hoping to sleep in this hotel I recommend you go somewhere else.

Excellent hotel, well positioned, clean, quiet and excellent team. Way better compared  many hotels in NYC.

It was our first time in New York, 1 adult 2 teens. This hotel was cheaper than other options, yet it was way better than expected! Nice clean reception, friendly helpful service, 3 elevators so no long waits. In a quiet street yet walking to most everything. Metro around the corner. Coffee service in the lobby and some tables and chairs to lounge and watch the news. The room was large enough for 3 with 2 spacious and comfortable double beds. Bathroom was clean, shower was hot, AC was ice cold (it was in the 80s outside),  bedding was fresh, beds were made every day plus clean towels and coffee/tea filled up. Our room had a microwave, mini fridge and coffee/tea maker. Ice at the end of the hall. It was quiet and pleasant at night. Nothing more to wish for, we loved it! Highly recommend staying here.

Positive: Easy check in and out and nice staff. Negative: Room was small but it was fine for 1 night.

Asked 3 times to come fix my door. Door is stuck cannot get in. Have to literally shove and push the door to get in. Still nothing is being done about it. Been told engineer is being sent. Still nobody is here. If someone is reading this. Please send someone to fix my door. Iv asked so many times.

Amazing stay! Rooms are small-ish, but it's NYC. Ramon and Jennifer were HUGE helps throughout our stay! Lots of charging ports and even a wireless charge pad in the room! Easy access to the subway and plenty of attractions in walking distance! Worth the price!

A well located hotel. Just around the corner is a 6 line subway station.
Good selection of t.v. channels. NO BED BUGS which everyone is interested in.  Very comfortable beds. Not to hard and not to soft. A great shower head and a excellant draining shower. Fridge and microwave in the room.  A little mini mart is also in the lobby. 7 eleven and a Walgreens that has everything just a shirt half block away.Housekeeping comes daily. There's a restuarant on site. I would stay here again.

If you are looking for a hotel that is close to everything, has larger than normal rooms (for NYC), has a restaurant with above average food and has a friendly and helpful staff, this is it.

The staff were very friendly and helpful, exceeding all expectations for a busy hotel in 2025. The temperature controls in the room were very effective and the room was pristine.

My only complaint is that the elevator is a little slow.

Excellent customer service from the front desk staff - thank you!

Do NOT stay here, I had the worst experience EVER. The AC went out while staying here, and the place was like a humid sauna.   Management said they couldn't do anything to help and wouldn't even book me at another hilton.  If I could give a negative score, I would....Avoid this place like the plague.

Clean, modern, and great overall experience.

When I arrived for my one day trip, I was greeted with loud thunping music from the restaurant in the hotel. I was told there was an event happening inside and when I went up to my room I could clearly hear the music and feel the vibrations. On top of how insanely loud it was, the dj spoke every 2 minutes. I am chronically ill and needed a break during my busy trip and was no able to get that. It was like I was at the party with the volume it had and there was no mention on the website or apologies from the front desk about the noise. When I spoke to the manager on duty he was rude, quote "Well it is New York City I don't know what you expect." There was apparently no other 2 bedrooms on any higher floor so I could try to have some relaxing time and no compensation was given to me despite the high pay rate and no information I was given. The party then proceeded to last until 8 pm and I had to suffer for the time we were in the hotel. Another complaint is the air conditioning. It would not stay on to keep the room cold in 90 degree weather and at one point every 15 seconds would make a noise reminiscent of a car turning signal that was so loud we could not sleep. We ended up having to turn off the ac because the noise was terrible. Every other Hilton in NYC I've stayed at has been great, I will never return to this one again. There was also a disgusting rug ruining stain on the floor of my room

Excellent Hotel within the city.....
Excellent amenities
Helpful staff

In 25 years of travel, this is the best hotel I have found in midtown. The rooms are very modern and cozy but not cramped. There is a very generous desk space for working and a quality chair. The staff are great and will offer help for what you need before you even have to ask. The thing that really sets this hotel apart is how it has been brilliantly designed for noise reduction. In most   NYC hotels, you will experience some street noise during the night from garbage trucks, sirens, and even loud music from the rickshaws. I’m not sure what architect designed this hotel but they were a genius. Many room windows face the inside courtyard of the block rather than the street. Between that and the think windows, you can sleep without nose. I don’t even hear noise from the hallway which may be in part due to the thick doors they use. It is an oasis of tranquility in a busy city where you can get restful sleep. On Friday night, my friend around the block, at another hotel we keep awake by noise, and I never heard a thing. The near perfect noise reduction and level of quiet here is extraordinary and something I have not experienced in another Manhattan hotel .

Very good experience at this location.  Area is pretty convenient to alot of sites and very walkable. Rooms were very clean and the front desk staff and concierge was so nice and accommodating

Excellent service! Very Clean and the BEST staff.

This place is CLEAN! Clean, clean, clean! 👏🏻 We have stayed at a lot of places in NY & you get what you pay for! We paid around $350/night to stay here. The room was small and the toilet flooded but it was clean & that’s what mattered to me the most. I will pay the extra $ to know I’m not sleeping with roaches.

The toilet issue was super annoying and disappointing. Like, why can’t things just go completely smoothly, you know? But sometimes 💩 just happens.. Thankfully, it was clean water too! We called the front desk & they were super efficient. Maintenance came up right away & fixed it then housekeeping came right after to clean the bathroom. After they fixed it and cleaned it, it looked normal again & you wouldn’t have known!

The staff here is also so friendly & professional. They said good morning and good night to us every day. Always greeted us. Held doors open for us & check in/out was super quick! You also can’t beat the location. We walked to
Madison Square Garden in about 10-15 minutes and you’re walking distance to lots of fabulous restaurants.

My only one other complaint aside from the toilet & miniature room size is that once you are in the room, you can hear your next door neighbors very clearly. We couldn’t hear anything from the hallway but once you’re in the rooms, the actual walls separating them are extremely thin. I could join in on my neighbor’s convo if I wanted. 😅 We only had noisy neighbors one morning but something to keep in mind.

I’m not sure we would stay here again just because of the toilet situation but had not that happened, we definitely would!

Easy, comfortable, clean

Great clean rooms and friendly staff.  Thank you 😊 🙏," Gill. From the," Birthday lady.

Really clean rooms, friendly helpful staff. A few issues with the air con and safe, but quickly sorted. Comfy beds, good housekeeping and some nice freebies like papers and coffee in the morning. The best part is the location. Right next to empire state and only 10-15 mins from times square, right on the green subway line. Would recommend and return.

Everything was great. The room, staff and location. For breakfast I suggest any of the near by coffee shops.

I was really impressed with this property! It was immaculately clean, the service was excellent, and the rooms were very comfortable. The little details, like the flooring and finishes, were so well kept, which can make a difference in your experience! I will be staying here again for sure!

Excellent service and location. Tiny rooms are smaller than others in NYC.

洒店服務和設施不錯，房間入有微波爐和雪櫃非常方便！

Amazing location and rooms were very clean. Highly recommend.

Fun

Supposed to have early check in they charge you $35 but don’t give you early check in. Have to sit in lobby and wait 3 hours.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The staff was pleasant and helpful. Rooms were nice. Loved the area

Meh, hard pass.
I lived in NYC for 20 years so like to think I have realistic expectations that hotels in the city will be overpriced and underwhelming (unless you're spending significant $$). That said, there is such a thing as cheap and cheerful. This place bummed me out for several reasons: the room was dated, had bad feng shui (small is to be expected but the flow was off) and the biggest issue was lack of sound proofing. Beyond the occasional neighbor & street sounds, my room had sounds coming from the floor above that sounded like intermittent banging of pipes or a door slamming in the breeze-- maybe the heating ducts or? either way,  it was a repetitive, never ever ending sound that was disruptive and not relaxing). Also, my "city view" room stared straight out at a tall brick building (when I asked about this, they told me anything above the 20th floor is automatically considered a "city view"--so if you pay for this upgrade, maybe be specific in your ask). Pros were: reception staff were pretty nice, the room was clean and the bathroom was modern with good water pressure. Overall though, this room had a sad, blah feel and I couldn't wait to get out of it! Would not return.

Pictures look better than it actually is. I paid for a city view and it was horrible. Seen a bunch of dirty roofs from my floor and no actual good view. Room was clean tho and check in and check out was simple. Staff is friendly. Staff was 5 stars but the hotel is 3 stars. The area isn’t great too. If you are a solo traveler I would get something closer to actual time square like NYC Marriott marquis. My first two nights were at that hotel and it was much better

Wish I could say the same about the staff as some of the other reviews, but the lady at the front desk was insanely rude. I didn’t catch her name, but her behavior was disgusting.

Rooms: 5/5 - Comfortable, spacious & very clean rooms
Service: 5/5 - An incredibly friendly, warm, professional & attentive staff. I’d like to especially thank Jose, Ramon, Hulio & Richard for being so kind & solution oriented.
Location: 5/5 - Very centrally located, in a great neighborhood & close to trains.

My second time here and Im in love with this hotel.  This time I want to mention Nadian (sorry if Im wrong with the name) the guy who help us with the luggage, he is such a great guy.  Im a person with physical disability and they help me at all moments. The cleaning staff are great persons, thanks to Fausto to clean up our room.

This hotel are great located and clean.  Definitely the need more comfort beds for long stays but we managed it.  They do not have resorts fee and that is a great thing in NY.

All good, beautiful place with nice rooms. I had amazing view.

Only thing is that my breakfast was covered but those guys in the cafe area were still asking about tip, that is annoying. (Not about money, if breakfast is covered, i dont care how much it’s, and it feels creepy to ask tip) It’s self service anyway.
Plus, breakfast is probably the lowest quality I have seen among all hotels I have stayed, sorry. Don’t buy breakfast.

房間不大有微波爐雙人床大約180#150，早餐要自付10-25元美金，地點在市區附近有披薩店超市便利店，櫃台白色膚色的男性服務人員多次從他們前面經過完全無視，白色膚色客人經國態度超熱情，個人感覺超差

The room was spacious with storage for clothes, a desk, a mini fridge and microwave. The bed was comfortable, good shower and great location. I was a bit disappointed as I left the hotel after 12pm and didn’t have room service. I would stay again.

Beautiful 😍 🤩 Place.

The staff is super friendly and always attentive, ready to help and ensure you have the best stay possible. The hotel lobby is small but very pleasant—you can comfortably sit or work there, and it’s never crowded. They also offer complimentary coffee and tea in the morning. The rooms are smaller than the photos suggest, but they are functional and comfortable. Overall, it’s a good choice for the price.

Great hotel that's in a great location.

I had a really disappointing stay at this hotel. The front desk staff offered zero customer service and pretty much ignored everyone outside their "circle". Instead of helping, they spent their time chatting with each other and didn’t seem to care about doing anything beyond the bare minimum.

This was hands down the worst Hilton experience I’ve had. Chose this since I am a Hilton Gold member but would definitely be avoiding this place in the future.

Also, water fountains didn't work and water bottles were 3 bucks.

Excellent hotel for a great price in NYC! The location was perfect for visiting near by sites, rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would definitely stay again!

Excellent location

Friendly staff, exceptional location, clean rooms, what more can you ask from a hotel in NYC? Fitness center small but many options. Stayed for two nights and would definitely stay again.

Nous avons passé un excellent séjour, nous avons apprécié l'emplacement idéal en centre Manhattan tout en étant très calme et reposant. Le personnel est très attentionné et serviable. La chambre était très propre, refaite tous les jours avec soin. Nous n'avons pas testé le petit déjeuner par choix.
En revanche, s'il fallait redire quelque chose : la décoration du hall est un peu vieillotte et certains meubles/murs de la chambre usées par le manque de soin des clients.

The hotel is OK, a bit old. Missed having apps on the TV, it doesn't have a fire or roku TV so you're stuck with cable like cavemen.

We had a fantastic stay! This Hilton is clean, and close to all Broadway theatres , Times Square & Rockefeller Center. David and Michael and the amazing staff made our stay incredibly enjoyable. This is our go to NYC Hotel.  Five stars all around!

飯店位置非常好非常方便
6號線地鐵站在轉角
從這裡走到Herald Square也很近
附近餐廳購物應有盡有
韓國城、帝國大廈都在附近
到哪裡都很方便
房間整潔乾淨，住宿環境也安靜
房間內有微波爐有冰箱
樓下有餐廳
是個適合觀光客也適合商務的飯店

The digital check-in made the process so smooth. The bed was comfy and the room was quiet even being next to the staircase.

We stayed here for 6 nights and we were very pleased with everything! Location is great - it's close to everything but it's also quiet. People working at the lobby are very friendly. If management reads those review, the only thing I would suggest - do something about those furnaces. Ours was quite loud. Other than that, enjoyable stay at this Hilton.

Excellent service, clean rooms, and very helpful and pleasant staff.  Jean at the front desk was amazing as was Ramon in the early morning.  Room and public areas were clean.  I stayed for a week while caring for a family member at NYU Langone.  Perfect location in a safe area.  I am very happy with my choice.

Location not bad! Room size very small! The room was noisy; I could hear next door snoring! Also, the room had a very weird noise coming from the wall!  The front desk staff were nice, but they strictly adhered to policy. No room to negotiate!  Order 2 room. I have my wife to teenager. We got separated.
I did not like it! Overall, I will not return. There are 300 to 400 hotels in Midtown.

The service is outstanding, from Jose and Ramon on the phone lines at the front desk, to check-in with Arlene and communication with the manager, Jon, top notch all the way!  We were celebrating a special occasion and they went above and beyond.
The bed was comfortable, breakfast was good.  They were doing renovations but it didn't impact our stay at all.

Manny, the concierge, was the best part of the experience. He was very friendly and helpful. The location was also fantastic. The room definitely needed updates. Stains and dated. Overall, for the price, I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.

Hotel need to improve their internal communication, they do not hv my record that the booking already included b/fast until the 3rd day !

Our room overlooked the Empire State building. Our room was clean. Beds were comfortable. Service was great. Close to everything. We walked a lot. Had a great time.

I always stay here because the staff is excellent. Helpful, kind, informative, and they make sure the hotel is clean and safe. It feels like family here. Jose and Arlene are ROCK STARS!! Thank you! V. Harris

Nice hotel, very good location. Small room, bit old fashion.

Love it!!!

Service was excellent. Location was near where I needed to go for work, and not far from Penn station.

This is a hidden gem.  Convenient location.  Customer Service is outstanding by every person we met.

Was here for a brief business stay. Location was great, close to many stores and landmarks in Midtown Manhattan. The rooms were clean and moderately priced. The breakfast buffet (hot/cold) was good as well.

HOTEL IS AWFUL. Do not stay here rooms tiny and dirty. Elevators broken. Argumentative staff. Will be contacting hilton about this property as I stay in Hiltons every week for work and this just about takes the cake for worst one.

friendly front desk and clean room. But housekeeping can wake you up at 8am

숙소가 넓고 좋았어서 마음에 들어요~!감사합니다!

We had a good stay.

Was tired and went to bed early in room 703. Woke up around 10 pm to take a shower and noticed thumbing noises in the bathroom. Back to bed and the intermittent and variable pitch noises continue at about 5 to 10 hertz but were not as loud as head when in the bathroom. Had to put on my noise cancelling headphones to keep me sane. The noises occur less frequently as the night goes deeper. Based on my engineering experience, those noises came from water hammering when people took showers and / or flushed toilets. All rooms sharing the same pipe lines with room 703 should hear them.

The biggest bonus is the proximity to the subway. So close and the staff was top notch.  We LOVED Gil who was always ready with a smile and gave us great tips.

Bonne localisation, chambre basique, mais bon rapport qualité / prix

Great place, very nice and clean, great staff  excellent location, room was perfect. Loved the shower. I would recommend this place.

Great staff,  dog friendly. Room was confusions but heat source rather noisy.    The one thing is I used Expedia to book and the hotel pet policy said $50 per night, at check they charged $75..

Convenient location

Not Hilton quality.

Rooms are average for price point, mostly quiet , good access to restaurant. Great subway access

Great location. Great! New room staff was very attentive. Restaurants everywhere 15-minute walk to Madison square garden Lexington avenue Subway on the same block. Loved our stay

Great hotel in a great location. Steps away from the 6 train and quick walk from Murray Hill and Kips Bay eating areas. Times Square was about a 10 minute walk, Empire State Building is basically your neighbor. My only issue was the heat/ac was a little loud when running, and shook the room a bit when it kicked in. Not even a big deal, I'd definitely stay again.

위치는 좋았지만 전반적으로 별로였습니다. 일단 방에서 히터 소리인지 알 수 없는 소음이 계속 났으며 이에 대한 조치가 적절히 이뤄지지 않았습니다. 그리고 둘째날 밤에는 화재경보가 잘못 울렸는데 아무런 안내도 없고 소방차까지 와서 너무 무서웠습니다. 다시는 이용 안 할 듯 합니다.

Preis Leistung gut
Gute Lage
Haben das Zimmer bereits gegen 10Uhr erhalten

Second stay,
It's fine but there's nothing redeeming other than location given what you're trying to do in the city.

Pleasantly surprised! Would 100% stay here again. The lobby and rooms were nice, clean, and updated. The area was safe and extremely central! However, the part that really made this hotel stand out was the staff. They went above and beyond to be friendly, helpful, and professional. Truly a great experience!

Opening a safe without the guest present is the lowest form of professionalism I've ever encountered. An equally unprofessional GM who clearly has no background in hospitality. It's one thing for a hotel to have bad service, another to compromise guests' trust.

The GM saying, "Oh I've known this guy for 10 years, I trust him," as an explanation that nothing could have gone wrong with the safe is just so wildly... I have no words.

Nice hotel. Did the job. Cleaning service came around everyday. Clean when we arrived. Comfortable bed and nice view. Clean bathroom with towels and washcloths replaced everyday aswell.

위치가 정말 좋았음.  근처 지하철 3분컷에 엠파이어스테이트 빌딩 도보 10이내. 근처 한인타운도있어서 한식 먹고싶을 때 늦은 밤에도 갈 수 있음. 안전한지역으로 느껴졌음
한가지 아쉬운 점은 21층인데도 불그하고 밖에 방음이 잘 안되어 쓰레기차, 사이렌, 클랙슨 등 소음이 거슬림.

This hotel was an absolute pleasure to stay in. The room was lovely and comfortable (though the beds were very firm, which I liked and my friend did not). The staff was extremely helpful and welcoming. The attached restaurant/bar was a fun place to sit and watch the game. The security is fantastic. And the location is perfectly located in the middle of Manhattan, which made it really convenient for getting to everything we wanted to do.

Great spot in Midtown close to the garden, Empire State, Korea Town, east side, UN and more!

Overall, the hotel provided a satisfactory experience. While the lobby may benefit from renovation, its current state remains functional. The staff demonstrated professionalism and friendliness throughout our stay.

Great location. Rooms were clean and standard size for NY. Only complaint was AC wasn't working, we were only there 4 nights and 3 out of 4 were cool so no biggie but it did get warm the next day. We didn't complain to staff since we were leaving. All in all I'd stay there again

Great location, quick walk to theater district and Times Square, yummy coffee shop across the street. Service was lovely, everyone was helpful, held our bags for us, room was well above the ground to not be bothered by sound, wonderful view and comfortable bed. All in all a great stay.

Service is poor, my room wasn't ready and they didn't offer me an upgraded room until I pushed back on them forcing me into a late check-in.

Absolutely rude and not at all acceptable service for anyone

This hotel exceeded all expectations. Front staff was friendly and helpful (Tia is awesome). Very well located. Room is very clean and quiet. Great job Hilton.

Room size was as expected for a hotel in midtown Manhattan.  It was newly renovated and the bathroom was quite spacious. Good toiletries.  Got a room on the 25th floor so street noise was not an issue.  Good location and would stay there again

It's just we hope we can get an early check in. Since we always check out very early.

Buenas relación precio calidad

BEWARE. It’s not listed on any app or cite but Hilton charges a hidden fee of more than $50 a night as an “incidental fee” they call a resort fee. When comparing prices, add that to the rate you see.

There is a metro station across the street, which make it easy for transit. In general, I felt safe walking around the neighborhood (e.g. <1min walk from the metro station to the hotel, walking around the Korean town nearby) in the evening.

The staff is friendly. Ramon, Tia and others made me feel welcomed and always helped out with my needs (e.g. more cups, new room key after checking my id).

I normally don’t stay in this part of the city but this trip with the hotel changed my mind - this part of the town was also fun, filled with unique restaurants and stores. I would stay again in the future

Great location, near to Subway and you will enjoy the stay because it is NewYork not because of the hotel.
I was not diamond, not gold and silver. I have seen something strange for me in the water bottles  It’s looks like unwelcoming for other guests 😂😂😂 If I know I will not come since I am not one of the mentioned categories  😞😞😞.

Great location for the price

Great location! Plenty of dining and shopping close by and only a 30-minute walk to everything else we wanted to do. Rooms are small but clean and the staff was very nice.

Very, very disappointed. As a Hilton Member, this place was a bit of a bummer. The fridge kept us up all night with a high pitched noise when the compressor runs (I was told it was "an alarm" that was fixed when I brought it up after check-in), Climate Control in the room shuts off and doesn't turn back on...woke up to humid high temp and the second staff member that came to address it was very condescending and talked over me as well as never returning to check if the problem was fixed (which it wasn't), the bed was just horrible...I've always felt like the beds in Hiltons are pretty consistent but this one was extremely hard and the pillows were really bad as well. Even the lampshades were all beat up. I've stayed at a lot of Hiltons over the years...unfortunately this stay was just very disappointing for the price of a suite, I'll likely avoid Hiltons in NYC from now because for similar prices there are other non-chain hotels with much nicer accommodations for just a bit more per night.

첫 뉴욕호텔.
1.가성비: 역시 위치때문인지 가격이 상당하지만 주변 호텔에 비해 저렴한 느낌? 뉴욕물가치곤요!
1-1.위치: 호텔 입구기준 옆이 볼프강 수테이크 분점에 바로 그편에 위치한 도로에 6호선 다운타운(브룩클린,소호) 길건너가 업타운(그랜드센트럴,펠햄가든?)방면
2.조식: 사진첨부했습니자. 미국 조식이야 딱 거기서 거기, 아고다 예약(조식포함/조식먹고 팁 줘야하나 퍼센트아니고, 적당한 금액 적어내기)
2-1 조식: 결론는 조식을 먹고 나가서 딴걸 안사먹는게 개이득입니다.
3.룸컨디션 및 호텔의 장점 : 생각보다 정말 깨끗하고
한층에 룸이 10개가 안되며 엘베 내리면 얼음 밴딩 머신 있어서 좋고,
전 자 레 인 지 가 방 에 있 어 서 엄청 좋습니다.
개인적으로 실리콘으로 된 라면 냄비 , 해물칼국수 사가지고가서 끓여먹었는데  굳굳.

진짜 주의할점  토요일,일요일,특정 경기있는 날엔 낮부터 조식장이 펍인데 진짜 미친듯이 파티피플 상황이고 시끄럽고 깜짝 놀랄 만하니 알아두시고 투숙하세요.(여행객에겐 사실 그닥 ㅋ)
저층이면 시끄러워서 힘들지도요!

아 그리고 생각보다 정말로 안전한 지역입니다!
골목 자체도 엄청 조용하구요!
같은 33스트릿 엠파이어 스테이트
방향 한블럭 넘어가면 있는 펍들 너무 좋앙용!

A solid 4 out of 5.

Negatives: Continental breakfast wasn’t great with quite a bad selection, corridor smelled a bit like damp, aircon in room was noisy and had a mind of its own.

Positives: friendly staff, perfect location, clean rooms, comfortable beds

Great stay

Will not recommend if you are on a business trip. We are on the 7th floor but the bar downstairs is really loud with their music. It is as if the bar is right next door to you. We are jet lagged after our more than 24 hours travel and the noise from the bar is unbearable. We were told by the hotel that they will move inside from the terrace at 9.30pm but nothing like that has happened so far.

Although I haven’t yet checked in to the Hilton Garden Inn New York/Midtown Park Ave, I wanted to highlight the exceptional service I received from Sergio at the front desk during a phone call the day before my arrival. As this will be my first time visiting Manhattan, I reached out to confirm my reservation details and to ask for sightseeing recommendations.

Sergio was incredibly helpful and efficient. He answered all of my questions promptly and ensured that everything related to my booking was in perfect order. His local knowledge really stood out, and the suggestions he provided for sightseeing were both thoughtful and personalized, which I truly appreciated.

Even before arriving at the hotel, Sergio has already made a positive impression and set the tone for what I’m sure will be a great stay. His professionalism, attention to detail, and willingness to go the extra mile have given me confidence that my time in New York will be both enjoyable and well-organized.

If this is any indication of the level of service I can expect at the Hilton Garden Inn, I’m looking forward to my stay even more. Sergio is clearly an asset to the team, and I’m grateful for his assistance.

Comfortable, safe, and clean! Checked all my boxes. Location is close to lots of things to do and eateries. The subway stop is just a block away so its easy to get around even if you have no vehicle. We were on the second floor so the bar downstairs was right below us. Thankfully the bar hours are reasonable so our sleep was not interrupted. We also checked out the bar and the food was great! The Mac & cheese burger apparently is a staple. It was deliciousssss!!

Clean, the staff was welcoming and helpful

This location is saved to my favorites and will be the place we stay when we are in the City. The location is conveniently located by the 33rd street subway entrance on the 6 line with only a few stops to reach other train lines as needed. It’s in walking distance of the Empire State Building and Macys as well as a jump to Times Square. The staff was very helpful and accommodating during check in. We arrived early so they securely stored our luggage so we can go grab lunch. Lots of nearby food options, including a restaurant directly next door. The staff also were very attentive to a request we had for more towels and were very friendly overall. The lobby was very brightly lit and well decorated with high ceilings. The room was a decent size for a NYC hotel and had a great view of the ESB from our room, which was room 1800. The bathroom was modern and the shower very nice and super clean overall. Kudos to the housekeeping staff. We enjoyed 2 nights in this hotel and will certainly be back. Honorable mention to the gentleman with the white hair, I believe his name was Robert. He was very polite, professional and helpful every time we interacted with him. Great property, great value and great experience!

This is my home away from home. 33rd and park is where you’ll find me ✌️as a matter of fact I’ll be there again real soon!

Super Lage nur ein paar Schritte vom Empire State Building entfernt. Nette „Rooftop“ Bar.
Personal an der Rezeption (vorallem 1 Dame) sollte mal eine Schulung im Umgang mit Gästen machen. War selbst Front Office Manager und das war vorallem für den Preis/ Kategorie nicht angemessen. 🙈🤷🏼‍♀️
Trotzdem tolles Hotel für einen New York Trip 👍🏻

Muy bueno

Elegimos este hotel para nuestras vacaciones en NY. Lo mejor, sin duda alguna, la ubicación. Permite ir andando o a lo sumo en metro (a escasos metros del hotel) a casi todos los puntos de interés.
Casi todas las personas del hotel han sido muy simpáticas y atentas.
Lo malo. Las habitaciones y las instalaciones en general necesitan una renovación. Al menos en nuestra habitación había muchos ruidos. Algunos derivados de la ventilación y, en fin de semana, de una terraza del hotel en el que montan unas fiestas importantes los fines de semana.
En general recomendable pero me ha parecido un poco feo el detalle final de cobrarte por guardarte las maletas un par de horas el dia que dejas el hotel. Con lo que cuesta este hotel se podían ahorrar esos 2$ por maleta (las dos primeras gratis).

Wir haben eine Woche in New York verbracht. Der erste Eindruck vom Hotel war ganz ordentlich. Allerdings mussten wir feststellen, dass JEDEN Samstag und JEDEN Sonntag das Restaurant nebenan eine Party von 18 bis 22 Uhr veranstalten. Die Musik-Lautstärke war dabei jenseits von Gut und Böse. Selbst im 9. Stock bei geschlossenen Fenstern. Schlafen, lesen, entspannen oder fernsehen am Abend war einfach nicht möglich.
Das Zimmer war sehr eng, kein Platz fürs Gepäck, der eingebaute „Schrank“ hatte nur eine Mini Stange mit 3 Kleiderbügeln.
Das Zimmerservice hat permanent entweder die Seife oder die Handtücher oder das Toilettenpapier vergessen. Wir müssten immer wieder bei der Rezeption nachfragen.
Die Lage ist zwar zentral, das Hotel ist aber absolut nicht empfehlenswert. Schade.

Me and my daughter stayed here for a couple of days to sight see in New York..we absolutely love this hotel. Very clean rooms, great location, friendly staff and reasonable prices...I will definitely be back again to visit new york and when I do this hotel will definitely be on the top.of my list to stay at..

Our stay was globally very pleasant. The hotel is perfectly located and well maintained. We were very satisfied of our stay until we checked out and discovered the policy for luggage storage: we were charged $2 per extra luggage (the first 2 are free)… We were pretty surprised by this policy (first time an hotel ever applied it to us) and it was not a great experience to discover this (pretty unusual) practice at the last minute, especially when we were expecting to share our satisfaction with them.
In addition, when we shared our surprise to be charged for carry-on luggages and backpacks (no jumbo suitcases!), the only embarrassed response we received was that it was a usual practice in NYC… Again, not our first visit in NYC… It could have been so elegant to waive these costs, even if they are now part of the hotel policy.

La ubicación es excelente, tienes una estación de metro a unos pasos de la puerta del hotel.
La habitación con espacio suficiente, limpio,  baño amplio. El punto malo es que aun tienen alfombras lo que genera un olor a viejo.
El servicio por parte del personal es bueno, nos ayudaron en lo que fue necesario, el único detalle un día no hicieron el aseo y otro no dejaron toallas que pudimos tomar en el pasillo porque estaba el carrito de limpieza, sin embargo estos puntos no generaron una incomodidad real en nuestra estancia.
Recomiendo que te hospedes en este hotel para explorar la ciudad.
Mi habitación aunque estaba en piso 20, no tenia una vista que presumir.

Great experience with this hotel and the hotel manager Ramon is very friendly, he check with me almost every day to make sure everything is going well or if I need anything from the hotel. This is a block and half from the empire building, few minutes walk to the time square. Also, there are a lot of good restaurants around the hotel.

Great location. Friendly staff. Rooms are OK. Beds are nice, but the bathrooms in the room leave a lot to be desired.

Club night next door until 10. I think every guest should get a free breakfast after one of those events. I couldn't work on my documentary due to the noise, and I know they can do it party until 10

Chambres familiales très petites personnel désagréable  Chambres pas nettoyées très déçue Je déconseille

Presenta una situación muy buena para desplazarse y conocer el entorno. El personal es muy amable y eficiente.

Great location right in the middle of downtown. Rooms were good, nice, and clean but having a closet would be a plus.

Hôtel très bien placé, personnel accueillant, nous avons passé un très bon séjour.
Le hall d'accueil moderne avec des espaces détente, des journaux et des idées de visite
les chambres sont d'une superficie convenable, un peu petite pour 4, avec les valises, un peu juste
très bonne qualité de nettoyage journalier
Très jolie salle de petit déjeuner, esprit ranch, avec des écrans partout
beaucoup de choix en salé, et sucré de très bonne qualité
personnel très agréable et très serviable, ils sont tous très sympathiques !
Nous reviendrons dans cet hotel sans hésiter !
Merci d'avoir contribué à rendre notre voyage exceptionnel !!!

Neat place love it

We were so pleased with this hotel!! The location was perfect, the staff were friendly and helpful, and the room was pretty big considering we were in the heart of NYC.

Richard checked us in and he was so amazing and friendly! He was our first point of contact and kicked off our 4 night stay on a great start.

When we first walked into the room, we saw the staff had decorated it for my birthday with balloons and streamers! How cool is that?! The staff also signed a happy birthday card for me. These little details are so appreciated and helped make our stay even better.

Whenever we needed anything (i.e. more towels, toilet paper, sheets changed, etc.) it was done quickly and everything was done by the time we returned to our room.

The only thing that would’ve made this review 5 stars would be different pillows in the room, as we all had some very flat and uncomfortable pillows and the beds weren’t the best, either. But it worked for the time being!

The restaurant attached to the hotel is expensive but the food is tasty.

We will definitely be staying here again if we come to NYC!!

Excellent location and good view of Empire State building from our 22nd floor room window. Breakfast was very good as well. We enjoyed our 4 days stay here.

Posizione eccezionale, si è un passo dall'Empire sulla  5th Evenue. Stanza pulita, lenzuola e cuscini candidi. Cambio biancheria giornaliero. Personale molto gentile e disponibile. Unica cosa che non mi è piaciuta è stata vedere gente dormire sui divanetti nella hall e visto l'aria condizionata sono state date loro delle copertine...non so se sia stata una situazione eccezionale, certo è che non era bello da vedersi.

Masterclass juste la transition température de l'accueil (10°) à dehors ou tout le reste de l'hôtel (35°) m'a achevé mais trkl sinon parfait

Un hôtel, très bien placé, un personnel au petit soin, propreté irréprochable, petit déjeuner excellent et serveur très sympathique, je recommande vivement.

The location was great. Very centrally located to most of the tourist attractions. However, the room was filthy. A used insulin test strip on the carpet, bathroom floor a mess,  and a chair that has seen better days for sure. The staff seemed friendly, but never really apologized for the messy room.

Une très bonne expérience !
Cet hôtel a joué un rôle central dans notre visite de New York puisqu'il est placé au centre de tout, la rue est calme, aucun bruit dans les chambres adjacentes, nous avons donc bien dormi (literie très qualitative).
Il y a une salle d'exercice avec quelques machines, j'ai pu m'en servir pour ne pas perdre la main.
Personnel au top, malgré que notre famille ne parlait pas du tout la langue nous avons été très bien accueilli.
Nous avons même eu droit à des remerciements pour notre bienveillance au dernier jour de notre séjour, le sentiment est partagé ahah
Le petit déjeuner inclus était plus que suffisant, il faut s'attendre à un petit déjeuner chaud à base de viandes, de toasts et d'oeufs brouillés (d'autres choses sont également proposées).
Le service de chambre est passé tout les jours, tout était niquel propre, rien à redire là-dessus.
Merci beaucoup de nous avoir hébergés et d'avoir participé à rendre notre séjour inoubliable !
Bonne continuation !

was given a room with no air conditioning. had someone go up to the room twice and did not fix it. got moved rooms. wasn’t pleasant for 260$ stay.

Wielkość pokoju całkiem niezła jak na Nowy Jork, łóżka bardzo wygodne, śniadanie za 10 dolarów naprawdę smaczne. Windy sprawne i szybkie.

Update: it wasnt a matter of their guest services “not being friendly”. They were unhelpful, lacked human decency and made several major mistakes during our stay with zero acknowledgement or accountability. The hotel’s response reflects the same energy.

Stayed here for 8 nights and they only changed the sheets once. The service representatives couldn’t be bothered to look up from their computers while speaking with you, so to no surprise they don’t hear you/deliver when you ask for something.

This place should be a 1 star hotel at best, I’ve truly never experienced more useless staff in my life. Excluding the friendly gents helping with bags/their security.

Even when requesting a cab to Newark they automatically set you up with a limo service but don’t bother to mention to the driver which airport you’re headed to. Would’ve gone to JFK and missed our flight if I didn’t confirm with the driver, which I only did because you can’t count on their staff to doing anything right.

Also their bathrooms don’t have fans. I’m pretty sure motels have bathrooms with fans.

Not to mention our stay was extremely pricey, when I’ve stayed in a 4-star in times square during the same dates for half the cost.

Never again.

It needs updating and a complete overhaul. I was also a bit disgusting finding hair in our shower upon arrival. It was little strange to also find our TV on when we opened the door. The location was great, but I will not stay here again

Excelente hotel. El desayuno, un desastre. Es mejor desayunar afuera.

La habitación estaba muy bien, limpia y cómoda. Cuenta con heladera, microondas y cafetera.|La ubicación es buena, a la vuelta sobre Park Ave está la línea de metro verde con la cual podés moverte cómodamente hacia el sur (te deja muy cerca del Puente de Brooklyn) y también podés ir hacia el norte.|En la mañana hasta las 10h ponen una mesa con cafeteras donde se puede servir libremente.|El personal de Recepción muy cordial y amable.

Good location and noise control. Comfortable bed and clean shower. Only downside is the $10 breakfast option not too much variety for the price.

Great location 👌
Staff was great 👍

This hotel was a pleasant surprise ...clean and nice

This is the worse hotel I have ever stayed the rooms are dirty, unclean, smells bad, the air conditioner is not working and the staff are inconsiderate.

Stayed there for 1 night because of a flight delayed- Request a transportation to the airport-
They booked an unprofessional driver, who is rude- first he said they did not tell him how many luggages we have, but the front desk agent who checked our bags, booked the transportation.
Secondly he make us pay before destination because he wanted to drop us off at the arrival so he could get out the airport easily, by letting my family and I in the parking lot- for some one who is in the hotel business that’s so wrong- I have been quiet to watch to let wify dealt with him-

But that’s really, I never gave a bad reviews but this one I have too- Communication is the key- rudeness would never take you anywhere
Thanks-

Gill made this our absolute favorite hotel. He’s the best and we will return because of him. We miss him already!

Check in was easy, lots of retail restaurants and bars in walking distance.
The rooms are a bit small, as expected in New York.

Excellent front desk customer service especially from Ninda during my 6 day stay at the hotel.
The only reason I gave this hotel a 3 star was because the room I was in was very small. The negatives include:
1. I paid more money for a room on the 22nd floor for quiet away from traffic noise below which I'm not used to hearing when I sleep, but the refrigerator in the room buzzed loudly 24/7.

2. The room had a king size bed that took over the entire room. I only had one midsized piece of luggage and I was tripping all over myself because there was no space in the room.

3. The bathroom door wouldn't stay open because it is too close to the room entrance door, so for safety reasons, the door always closes shut. I had to prop the door open with the trash can just to get rid of steam fogging the mirror after a shower and to get some ventilation.

4. I had to tell housekeeping to only clean the bathroom and not the bedroom because my personal stuff was everywhere. I would literally have to pack up my things and put them in my suitcase every day in order for them to clean the room.

5. Other negatives: Very small, loud
refrigerator and construction view from my window.

Positives about the room:
Cleanliness and AC worked very well.

Recommendations:
Pick a room with 2 queen size beds, these rooms are larger. Do NOT pick a room with a king size bed. These rooms are smaller. If you're staying for 2 nights or less, this room may be adequate. More days than that and the larger your luggage, this size room is not appropriate. It's too small.

When I asked to be moved to a larger room 15 minutes after checking in, I was told that all rooms with 2 queen beds were sold out. I was not offered another room during my stay which was disappointing especially since I had asked about it. I'm pretty sure larger rooms were available sometime during my 6 days.

We were only here for one night visiting my niece for our 36th wedding anniversary. This hotel is a great find. I’ve stayed at many hotels but this one takes the cake! All the upgraded amenities in the rooms wonderful we understand space is limited in New York City, but this hotel was pretty greatlocation was pretty good for the time that we were here

Lugar con una buena ubicación, el resto aceptable como para descansar

Kohtuuhintainen hotelli aivan keskustassa. Sisäänkirjautuminen oli helppoa, mutta vastaanottovirkailija ei kertonut mitään ohjeita tai neuvoja hotellista. Huone melko pieni, jo hieman kulunut, mutta todella siisti. Näkymä oli ainoastaan sisäpihalle, jossa oli paljon roskaa ja huonokuntoisia rakennuksia. Ilmastointi toimi, mutta se oli todella kovaääninen ja puhalti automaatilla aivan liian lujaa, häiritsi jopa nukkumista. Suihku ja WC hyväkuntoiset ja siistit. Aamulla veloituksetta kahvia tarjolla. Todellä lähellä metroasemaa, aivan Empire State Buildingin vieressä, kävelymatka Times Squarelle.

Nice hotel, good restaurant and bar. Wolfgang’s next door is awesome!

very small rooms, digital card not always working, no USB charging at all, great view if you pay extra

Hola, viaje con mi hija
Todo estuvo muy bien a nivel general
Súper la ubicación
Algo oscura la habitación

The rooms are incredibly small but clean and well maintained. It’s extremely close to the metro. Went down for breakfast buffet at 0940 (stops at 1000) and there was nothing left to eat other than the person making omelets to order. Decided to not eat breakfast there because everything else was empty and the staff didn’t seem keen on refilling things for a party of five.

Good hotel, clean and great location. I stay at this hotel often since its easy fit me to get to where I need to go and distance to one if my favorite coffee shops to work from (Felix Roasting). Although all that staff are wonderful the stars in my opinion are Arlene, Gil and boss man Jose.

Cockroaches in room!!!

I recently stayed here with my partner for 2 nights since it was her birthday. The first night I had two cockroaches in my bathroom.

I requested a room change and was told there weren't any other rooms and staff can go look in the room to remove the roaches. They did not find them and then I was offered another room.

The room I was moved to was not a king bed I paid for and the room did not have air conditioning so I had to keep opening and closing the window to have comfortable room temperature.

Staff was helpful but did not get to enjoy the room I paid for. Overall was very disappointed and brought in my partner birthday in a lobby waiting for roaches to be exterminated.

Update 1: General Manager reached out by email and offered a free night that will be sent in mail in 3-4 weeks. We'll see 🤞

Very easy check in. Very secure hotel.

Estoy alojado ahora mismo. El hotel es muy cómodo con habitaciones muy amplias.  Todo el personal es muy cálido y servicial,  cada vez que necesité algo, tanto del hotel como del rest de al lado, me han atendido muy amablemente.  Felizmente, habiendo olvidado la tarjeta dentro de la habitación,  tuve una mejor experiencia que otro comentario leído,  tanto Jorge como Tia me ayudaron rápidamente para darme una nueva. También Richard, Gill y otra chica de la mañana que no recuerdo el nombre (muy alta) han sido muy serviciales con nosotros.
Lamentablemente por precio y disponibilidad no podemos quedarnos más, pero recomiendo mucho el alojamiento por la calidad de servicio de su personal.
Reste una estrella en servicio dado que un día no hicieron la habitación.

Needed directions as grand niece is planning to stay there in May.

It was expensive but I don't regret, new York is a wonderful place

Excellent location. Fantastic front counter service (very friendly). Clean room with a view. Key card floor access in the elevator for added security. What more could you ask for? Good stuff!

Great location close to Empire State Building and metro access. However the employees at the front desk were not very pleasant to speak with. Also the housekeeping services are not consistent on what they clean or replenish.

Very good hotel. The only reason I do not put 5 stars is because they charged a storage fee of $2 dollars for each piece of luggage after checkout (they only store 2 pieces per room free of charge). My luggage were carry on size, not jumbo bags, and only need storage for a couple of hours. I have never been charged for this before so I do not agree with this hotel creativity, plus they never told me in advance about this charge.
We stayed at rooms 1201 and 2600, the latter had a partial view of the Empire State Building

This was a large room for NYC. The towels were soft, pillows were great and it was clean. My room had a great view of the Empire State building.

Die Größe des Zimmers war ok
Es gab Kaffee machine, der Café schmeckt halt nicht so gut aber es ist in Ordnung.. Kühlschrank war da . Safe und Haartrockner auch da gewesen. Fernseher war groß und genug Sender. Es gab genug Stecker und eine der Lampen hat sogar 2 USB gehabt , das ist gut wenn man Adapter vergessen hat ..Bett war für unsere Geschmack ein wenig hart  ..die decken waren zu klein für 2 erwachsene Leute.. personal freundlich aber Reinigung wurde nicht so ernst genommen..siehe Bilder..Staub unterm Bett.. das hat man gesehen und gerochen . Aber Standort war für uns sehr gut . Fussläufig kann man überall hin..wir sind 2X bis Financial District gelaufen , aber zurück sind wir mit der Bahn. Dafür gibts mehrere Möglichkeiten in der Nähe des Hotels. Gegend empfand ich es als sicher . Es gibt mehrere Lebensmittel Läden zum Obst  🍉 🍇, Wasser oder so zu kaufen..

Nagyon jo helyen lévő szálloda.Kedves segitőkész személyzet!Minden nap takarîtás.Ágyból kivàló kilátás volt a Summit toronyra.Reggeli nem jó nincs kinálat csak édes sütik.Kávégép es mikrosütő viszont van a szobában .
Összességében jó szálloda.

Great hotel location, however for double rooms, the beds are small especially for families

Great location. Powerful a/c. Spacious room. Staff wasn't super attentive. TV settings were terrible. The bed was uncomfortable.

Nice, clean hotel. Not too many amenities in the building but can't beat the location. Free street parking available after 6pm.

Very good location

Have stayed here 3 times now and every time my experience has been better and better. What really makes this hotel so great is the staff. Huge shout out to Gil he went above and beyond going out of his way to provide us with top service he definitely deserves a raise or to be the manager of this place. Rooms were clear and the service was excellent. Will be coming back and staying here again.

Enjoyed my stay shout out to Gill he is the best . Very welcoming, accommodated us well, whole staff had good energy will def come back next visit thank you

Perfect location, rooms are quiet once you figure out the window wasn't properly closed by the last guest, beds are very comfortable and staff was very nice and helpful.

Abbiamo soggiornato per 4 gg, la camera aveva due letti a una piazza e 3/4, molto comodi, ampio bagno, televisore, frigo....tutto il necessario. È stata rifatta tutti i giorni. Unica pecca, qualche spiffero di troppo dalle finestre.  Molto disponibili alla reception. Posizione eccellente con fermata della linea 6 proprio davanti l'hotel. Prezzo nella media. Sicuramente da tenere in considerazione per un prossimo viaggio a NY. Consigliatissimo!!!!

Stayed here a bunch of times. Rooms were spacious. Restaurants nearby including a Wolfgang steakhouse if you are do inclined and a favorite for me  is the Murray Hill Diner one block away on Lexington ave. Subway is across the street. For me it's a great location. Grand Central is about a 10 minute walk. Penn station about the same.

Pros: Great location literally in front of green subway line, two blocks away from empire state building and two blocks away from korean town. Service is amazing! They can watch your luggages for free.

Cons: small room but its given for NY hotel. Bathroom door creaks so loud! No whole body mirror.

Lo que puedo decir es un lugar muy bonito y muy excepcional para todo tipo de eventos sociales,muy bonito para mí gracias

Friendly staff

I ordered food for delivery and they brought it to the front desk and i never received a call from the desk or anyone my food was downstairs for more than 10mins. Common courtesy is to let your guest know they have food downstairs specially when its been there for more than 10mins!! My food is cold who loves a cold pizza ??

During the evenings, I noticed that the current dark yellow lamp shades in the room didn't allow much light to pass through, resulting in a rather dim ambiance. This made it somewhat challenging for me to engage in activities or read comfortably in the room after sunset.

Don’t stay here. The staff was, undoubtedly, some of the most friendly I’ve come across in the location is top-notch for Midtown. But this property has not been updated clearly since it was built, everything was so Outdated and SMELLED Outdated. For a Hilton Garden and I was shocked At the local quality of this property.

Mediano

Great value. Safe neighborhood. Walk or Uber to Broadway. Friendly staff.

We had a wonderful experience.

Good location,.
Great service.

I was in the area for a convention and this was one of the closer options for a hotel. Parking was insanely expensive and there are no options associated with the hotel. Price of the room was very high also and for the size of the room I did not see it being worth the stay. The room however had a refrigerator which was nice.

This hotel made us late to our flight due to them losing our bags. Service was terrible, and they did not seem to care.

Abbiamo prenotato una stanza per 5 giorni per 2 adulti e un bambino di 10 anni. Nella camera non manca nulla, l'asciugacapelli è molto potente, ci sono asse e ferro da stiro oltre a shampo balsamo bagnoschiuma e crema per il corpo di ottima qualità. Non posso dire che le stanze siano nuovissime ma sono pulite e non manca nulla. Staff sorridente e gentile, avevamo la colazione inclusa e c'è molta scelta sia di dolce che di salato. Ad un passo dall'empire state Building, mi sento di consigliarlo

Bedroom is tired, very tired. Drapes dirty, not one glass plastic or otherwise for bathroom use. Lounge bar not open. In my opinion, owners need to invest in upgrading.

Great service Richard helped with check in very kind.  Breakfast buffet was great.

I loved staying here on my business trip. Everything was so clean and fresh. Some of the best hotel breakfast too!

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Hilton Garden Inn Midtown Park Ave, and I couldn't be more pleased with my experience.

The hotel's location is perfect – situated in the heart of midtown, it strikes the ideal balance of being close to everything without the hustle and bustle that can sometimes overwhelm in NYC.

The standout aspect of my stay was the exceptional service provided by the staff, particularly Tay. From the moment I checked in, Tay went above and beyond to ensure my comfort and satisfaction. Her welcoming demeanor and attention to detail truly made my stay memorable.

Additionally, I'd like to extend my gratitude to Ramon and Ron (or Rob) for their assistance in helping me secure dinner reservations. Their knowledge of the area and willingness to go the extra mile made my evening plans effortless.

While I'm not one to frequently write reviews, the exceptional service I received at Hilton Garden Inn Midtown Park Ave compelled me to share my positive experience. Kudos to the team for making my stay truly enjoyable. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a delightful and comfortable stay in the heart of New York City.

Stayed there this weekend. Staff was great. Room was great with a great view. Room was small but not as small as other nyc hotel rooms. Room was updated and a pleasure to stay in. Very close to two subway lines, Empire State Building, restaurants and macys. Would definitely stay there again.

Muy mal servicio.|Durante 3 días solo sirvió un elevador así que duraba uno años para subir o bajar.|Nunca avisaron que el servicio de limpieza del cuarto no se hace diario, así que nos quedamos sin toallas y café hasta hablar al front desk. |Es horrible llegar al cuarto y encontrarlo sin hacer.|La habitación demasiado pequeña.|No volvería

Nice location, quieter side of NY, yet close to some cool spots.  Keeps you out of the craziness of Times Square yet walkable. Folks who work there are nice, rooms are clean. I will be returning.

Great location and clean rooms. Easy access to bus and subway

This location was perfect for all of the sight seeing at Christmas time! It was very clean and the staff were all very friendly and helpful. Thank you Tay for allowing an early check in, we really appreciated you!! Would definitely stay here again!

My favorite and go to place in midtown NY

This is a great spot. Location is terrific, and the staff very friendly and helpful.. Gil the baggage guy is terrific!

Convenient location. Comfortable bed. Friendly staff.

Had a leaky ceiling in my room.

Great stay! Great service. Period.

This hotel is really well-located for getting around the city, both by train and by cab. Our room on the 20th floor faced away from 33rd street and was dead quiet! I found the bed too firm and pillows too soft, but that's a "me" thing. The room was clean, the bathroom and shower were perfect, and the view was cool. Housekeeping came every day. Breakfast was $10 for continental and more for the hot food/hot bar.

The Ainsworth breakfast staff, including the older bald gentleman, were so nice and funny, and Tia at the front desk of the hotel is really an MVP!

Gil was amazing. So helpful. Tia was also very friendly. The room was clean with comfortable beds. No room service available, but not that big of a deal. Very convenient location. Would stay again.

Horrible! Broken bathroom that wouldn’t let me sleep half of the night. Arrogant staff that didn’t want to deal with the problem! Unhelpful, unfriendly, stay away

AMAZING! Great location to stay in NYC when you want to stay at a convenient location, but don’t want to stay in Times Square in the hustle and bustle. Convenient due to the fact that it is 0.2 miles from the Empire State, and abt 20 mins walking from Times Square. Additionally, there is a Walgreens and 7/11 on the same block. The subway is also across the street so very convenient. Also, the Gregory’s Coffee across the street is delicious! The room was smaller than I expected, but then again, it’s New York City so completely understandable. Definitely not too small though, and was still very functionable. Stayed for 3 nights, and the cleaner brought us new towels and made our beds each day. I felt very safe due to the fact that you have to scan your hotel card in the elevator in order to go up from the lobby to the room floors. Tia, one of the hotel receptionists, is AMAZING. She made us feel right at home from the start. She had an amazing personality and gave us great advice about the city in general and how to best get to the airport.

The room was on the smaller side, but clean and had the amenities we needed. The subway was across the street which was convenient and the hotel was centrally located to a lot of things we wanted to do which made walking to most things very easy. The hotel staff exceeded my expectations. They were friendly and very responsive when I asked for additional items for the room. Gil was especially amazing. He was super friendly and made us feel extremely welcome. He told us he loves his job and it shows (he deserves a raise). Overall, we had a very nice stay.

My sister and I had a great weekend stay here.  The staff were very friendly and the room was clean!  I would recommend this hotel.  Only 1 minor concern, there is a restaurant next door with an outdoor patio/club with a DJ that our hotel room on the 5th floor was overlooking. It was very loud on Saturday around 7pm, but by the time we left for a show and came back to the room around 10pm, everything had moved inside - so it was quiet again.  This was in December 2023, so I’m not sure what the situation would be in the spring and summer, if everyone would stay outside and noise would continue into the night.  Not the hotel’s fault, but if the noise continued into the night, I wouldn’t be able to sleep.

Good customer service and the rooms where big enough for my family

very bad service room dirty old wi-fi doesn't work well. the deposit was never returned

Very clean rooms, all were friendly that worked here.

I never write reviews but I have to on this one. One word:Terrible.
Where do I even begin.
The TV is tiny.
The TV is so small I couldn’t even see it, I just had to listen. It’s about the size of a lunchable.
The AC didn’t work.
And when it did it would shut off randomly, especially in the middle of the night. I kept getting up to turn it off and back on, before it kicking on, only to shut off moments later. I finally gave up and slept in a puddle of my own neck sweat.
And when it would work it would make an annoying ticking noise the entire time. Maybe it was counting down the time til it broke again.
The door is loose.
Around 7a I was awoken by knocking at the door, I get up to check it out and no one’s there.
This happened on and off for a couple hours to the point I thought someone was playing knock knock ditch. I even sat at the peep hole hoping to catch the menace in action.
Finally I realized the door is loose so every time someone opened or closed their door, mine would move and create a loud knocking sound, startling me out of what little sweaty sleep I managed to get. I finally gave up and listened to TV til check out time.

My stay was an absolute nightmare, particularly due to their horrendous handling of lost items. I left behind a $500 suit in my room, and when I went back to retrieve it just two days later, the hotel staff showed no concern and just told me they never saw it. The idea that housekeeping simply ‘missed’ seeing such an expensive and conspicuously placed item is ludicrous. The hotel’s response? A flat refusal to compensate or even show a hint of concern.

But wait, it gets worse. They’ve outsourced their lost and found to some third-party website, which isn’t even affiliated with the hotel. This site is a joke – terrible reviews and virtually no success stories about recovered items. It’s a black hole for lost possessions. The hotel’s reliance on such a disreputable service for such an important task is unacceptable. I’m utterly appalled by the lack of professionalism. Stay here only if you’re fine with your belongings disappearing into thin air and dealing with a staff that couldn’t care less.

Great view from 22nd floor. Comfortable bed and pillow. A bit too much noise from the street. I wish they would provide drinking water every day, but that didn't happen. Overall, a good hotel.

Clean, nice staff, good location with an awesome city view from the 27th floor

My new favorite hotel. Everything was on point.

Super hôtel, super emplacement, je recommande
(Wifi en cours de rénovation donc problème de connexion)

Excelente opción de alojamiento en Nueva York. La ubicación es perfecta, se puede caminar a muchos lugares de interés y hay una estación del Metro justo en frente. Habitación cómoda y servicio amable. Volvería.

Everything is good. I have one complaint: they only gave us two bottles of water for two nights - two people, when we asked for more, they said water was only offered once at check-in. Come on it's only 30 cents...

Extremely disappointed. From the valet crashing my vehicle to the falsely advertised balcony that wasn’t available and a crazy loud party that lasted well into 4am not letting my family sleep. I will never go here again and won’t recommend this hotel to anyone.
Stay away from this place. They crashed my vehicle then want to wash their hands and tell me I need to deal with the garage and their claim process. Management wasn’t sympathetic or even showed a bit of concern for their customer. It seemed as this was a normal occurrence and brushed me off. Like fill this out and call Monday when the garage supervisor is in. I didn’t use a garage. I valet at the hotel door and paid the hotel for the valet service. I don’t even know where they took my vehicle. As I found out after the fact that it was taken down to another block that had a garage. This is not a Hilton experience.  It’s extremely frustrating and ruined my family’s NYC experience. As we also had to wait multiple hours for the police report. Because this could have potentially been a hit and run. Yes the crash has red paint. They hit another vehicle.
Avoid at all cost. There are many other Hilton options nearby.

Perdí la tarjeta de la habitación y no me querían dar opciones para entrar puesto que la reserva no estaba a mi nombre. La atención pésima. LA SEGURIDAD SERÁ MUY IMPORTANTE, PERO CREO QUE ES MÁS IMPORTANTE AÚN DAR OPCIONES PARA BUSCAR UNA SOLUCIÓN. Casi tuve que suplicar alternativas para demostrar que era residente del hotel. Finalmente, como es obvio, pude demostrar que estaba pernoctando ahí de otra forma.

Bolsa de basura grande afuera de los elevadores, todos los días. Grotesco.
A pesar de tener el letrero de No molestar, entraron a nuestro cuarto para hacer la limpieza mientras nosotros estábamos dentro del cuarto!!. Escuchamos en recepción del hotel que otro huésped también había tenido el problema de que entraron a su cuarto cuando tenía el letrero de No molestar

Great location to see New York City. It's central location allowed us to rest in between all our walking!!

Walking distance to Times Square. Helpful reception 😊 7 Eleven just down the road and pizza right next.

Nice & helpful staff.
Perfect location.
Clean room.

I was extremely satisfied with the services at Hilton Garden Inn in NYC. Everything, from the reception to the room size, the location, the view, absolutely everything was impeccable. They made us feel not only welcome but special. Thank you.

We booked this hotel because it’s one of the hotels within walking distance from NYU and our daughter is having surgery very early in the morning. The staff was so helping during check in, even met us outside to show us where the self parking is located. Once we were settled in, we received a knock on our door. The woman who was playing with our daughter during check in hand delivered a goodie bag and a signed card from all the staff wishing her a safe surgery. The room is clean and well supplied. Great location, we took a walk to Empire State Building, Walgreens and picked up dinner on the way back. Great experience!!

Overly warm hallways and elevator but well appointed rooms

The Hilton Garden Inn New York/Midtown Park Ave is a stylish hotel located in the heart of Midtown Manhattan, just a short walk from the Empire State Building, Macy's, Fifth Avenue, and Times Square. It is the ideal base for business and leisure travelers alike, offering easy access to all that New York City has to offer.

The hotel features oversized guest rooms with contemporary amenities, including complimentary WiFi, an ergonomic desk, a 32-inch HDTV, a walk-in shower, a Keurig® coffee maker, a microwave, and a mini-refrigerator. Four spacious terrace rooms are also available, offering wonderful views of NYC.

Guests can enjoy a variety of delicious dining options at the hotel, including the Ainsworth Midtown restaurant, which serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The hotel also has a 24-hour business center and a fitness center, so guests can stay productive and active during their stay.

Whether you are in New York City for business or pleasure, the Hilton Garden Inn New York/Midtown Park Ave is the perfect place to stay. With its convenient location, comfortable accommodations, and thoughtful amenities, the hotel offers everything you need for a great stay.

Wonderful hotel, very nice looking lobby and rooms. The staff are super friendly. The location is awesome.

The rooms are a good size for Manhattan, great service and super convenient location. Food and shipping is all close by and the subway station is literally across the street.  I would highly suggest if your are visiting Manhattan.

exatamente atendimento e uma experiência incrível 💖☘️😍

Trop cher

Good location

美網期間住了四天，ㄧ晚300初頭，房間小巧但乾淨溫馨而且有微波爐。離地鐵站很近，樓下有便利商店附近也有trader joe's 採買方便，但某個星期六晚上大街辦活動，整晚音樂震天響才發現飯店隔音不足以抵擋大分貝噪音，所幸活動10點ㄧ到就結束沒有打擾睡眠，總的來說，對一早就會出門，晚上要去百老滙看表演的我們是個不錯的選擇。

I supposed to be hotel guest for 2 nights, I arrived to hotel last night at 10pm after many delays and hard time with my flights, I was very tired and just want to get sleep, but it was super noisy at the hall of hotel to the point we have to be very very close to hear each other at the reception desk, and surprisingly the lady at the reception desk she offer me air pod because she said it will be noisy in your room in the beginning I was thinking she was joking, I went to my room 301 and I have to scream to talk to my wife, so we went to search for other hotel in the middle of night, I checked and move to different hotel.

Hotel maravilhoso, pude desfrutar de momentos incríveis, pois os quartos são bem aconchegantes, além de poder desfrutar de uma maravilhosa academia, simplesmente espetacular.

The Hilton Garden Inn offers a comfortable and convenient stay for travelers seeking a blend of modern amenities and quality service. With numerous locations worldwide, including major cities and popular destinations, it's a reliable choice for both business and leisure trips.

Upon entering, guests are greeted by a welcoming atmosphere and a well-designed lobby. The rooms are well-appointed, featuring comfortable beds, ergonomic workspaces, and modern technology to enhance the stay. The hotel's commitment to cleanliness and comfort is evident in their attention to detail.

One of the standout features is the Garden Grille & Bar, offering a diverse menu that caters to different tastes. Whether it's a hearty breakfast to start the day or a satisfying dinner after a long day of exploring, the on-site dining options provide convenience for guests.

For those on business trips, the Hilton Garden Inn offers well-equipped meeting spaces and business centers. The staff's professionalism and willingness to assist ensure that events and meetings run smoothly.

Overall, the Hilton Garden Inn provides a reliable and comfortable stay with a focus on modern amenities, making it a suitable choice for travelers seeking comfort and convenience during their journeys.

Me ha generado sentimientos contradictorios...perfectamente situado, personal de recepcion hiperamable...buenas habitaciones...pero el desayuno y quienes nos atendieron no estan a la altura...una lastima porque lo recomendaria al 100%

Wir werden dieses Hotel bei unserem nächsten New York Besuch auch wieder buchen,  da die Lage für uns einfach optimal ist. Wir hatten die Subway 6 direkt vorm Hotel und konnten zudem auch sehr viel zu Fuß erreichen.  Die Zimmer sind für New Yorker Verhältnisse gut und relativ leise,  nur an einem Abend war es etwas lauter,  da in der Nachbarschaft eine Rooftop Party stattgefunden hat, womit in der Stadt die niemals schläft einfach zu rechnen ist. Unser Fazit: Preis Leistung 👍

AC is not working well and
if works noisy level unbearable to sleep, and rooms on the second floor was just so noisy till morning due to night club catering at first floor, and construction noisy early in the morning.  In the middle of night, hotel employee knocks on the door and see if we have any leak due to their first floor leak, Fourth day on Friday night, the private party noisy was out of control since it was literally all night so we moved to 21st floor at 2 am. We picked this hotel due to location paying $329 per day but 3 days we could not sleep due to private party noisy. etc.  In overall, you just cannot sleep at night at lower floor due to restaurant dance party at first floor and every time they open the door, the noisy level escalate beyond your patience level so noisy level fluctuate till 3 am in the morning. Hotel has to make a money at the expense of guest pain level, not professional at all but just greedy, extremely greedy management.

For the price we paid (not much), we couldn't have hoped for better. It is located in the center of Manhattan, only 0.2 miles from the Empire States Building. The rooms are nice, you have a big fitness center, as well as a nice lobby. The people working there are all very helpful, especially the security guard.
My favorite thing in the hotel was the breakfast, which takes place in the restaurant next to the hotel. You can choose between over 10 breakfasts from the menu, including the buffet.

I really did not care for the customer service at this hotel. When you enter, no one greets you. Security guard with the crew cut and skinny jeans was just RUDE.

Rooms are small. Our shower/tub wouldn’t drain as you bathe.

Wasn’t allowed to store our bags prior to check in.

Only plus about this hotel was that check out is at noon.

Location is great ! But the have so many bed bugs ! Everyone woke up with bites all over us ! And room looks over a dodgy apartment complex. AC is so loud and turns on and off in the middle of the night making a loud noise waking everyone up. Other than that- Service is great and perfect location

I solid place to stay midtown.

房間比較小，環境衛生還算不錯，地理位置方便對面馬路就是地鐵站

Location is good. Relatively small room. Helpful staffs. Breakfast is not worthy.

Location is great, service was also great.  However, none of the plugs in the room would not provide enough power to properly charge a cell phone.  This made for a fun time when I needed to charge my mobile devices, because it would take 2 hours to charge a cell phone that already had a 50% charge.

I understand the need to reduce power consumption, but I found this to be ridiculous that a hotel that charges sometimes more than $200/night can't provide the proper amount of wattage to all room power receptacles.

לא מומלץ בכלל!!

1. למלון יש בר בקומה השניה שעובד במהלך הלילה כרגיל. זה כולל מוזיקה חזקה, רעש מהמבלים... החדר שלנו היה בדיוק מעל הבר והרעש היה בלתי נסבל בשעות הלילה כשרצינו ללכת לישון (מדובר על סביבות 12-1 בלילה).
2. כשרצינו לעשות צק אאוט ולהשאיר את המזוודות בשמירת חפצים, הם אמרו לנו שמדובר בשירות שעולה כסף- לכל *חדר* מותר לשים 2 מזוודות בשמירה ללא עלות, ויתר התיקים יחויבו בתשלום. אנחנו היינו 3 אנשים בחדר ככה שזה אפילו לא מזוודה לאדם! שלא לדבר על תיקים קטנים נוספים. פעם ראשונה שנתקלתי בהתנייה כזאת וזה ממש קלקל את החוויה. רק לאחר ויכוח הסכימו לבטל את החיוב.
3. קיימת תחנת סאבוויי קרובה אבל לא עוברים בה קווים מרכזיים אלא רק קו 6. לכל מקום שרצינו לנסוע אליו היינו צריכים ללכת לתחנה רחוקה יותר או להחליף רכבות. המלון עצמו לא מרכזי או קרוב לנקודות עניין מסוימות, מרחק ההליכה הוא כ20 דקות לפחות לכל אחד מהמקומות הרלוונטיים

מציינת לחיוב שהחדרים היו מצוידים טוב ומודרניים, הריהוט לא היה בלוי או מיושן, והחדר נראה טוב (אבל הגודל היה יחסית קטן)

Bel Hôtel, situé à environ 15mn
à  pied du Time Square. Très agréable, personnel très sympathique.

Should the Hilton gold members get free bottle of water? The lady with glasses at the front desk just told me “NO” with a nasty attitude. I’ve been to many Hilton hotels. The Hilton staffs are usually friendly except that shrew. Somebody needs to educate her and fix her nasty attitude. Find the lady who’s wearing glasses. She was rude.

Great place for a visit to mid town

The bathroom tiles had mildew and pink bacteria on it. Very unsanitary and unsafe for young kids.  Guest shouldn't have to clean the shower before using it. The bathroom in the hotel lobby had flooded and water was just sitting in puddles on the floor. Cleanliness is very important to me when I stay somewhere.

New York is dangerous period. This location had its pros and cons. It's not on the main beat, which means you have to walk but that is also good. It allows for a break from the crowds.

It's a short walk to shops and Time Square, approximately 10 to 15 minutes. There is plenty of shopping just 2 blocks over on 34th.

Everything is nearby; movies, theater, shopping, salons, churches, etc.

The staff were extremly friendly and  the rest of the space was clean.

I would stay here again.

Great hotel

No complaints- the service was amazing. Everything was clean. They said they were sold out. We were next to the elevator and didn't hear any of the normal ruckus, which was great. Special thanks to Arlene and Marrisa for great service.

Please read full review. Check-in is an easy process. The hotel holds $50 per night for a deposit for incidentals. The check in process takes about 5 minutes. The first room I was checked into didn’t have AC & maintenance was being completed on the room. The front desk, (Richard) had a new room for me immediately & was apologetic. The rooms are small, but have everything you need. Mini fridge, microwave, hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner, body gel & coffeemaker. Laundry on the bottom floor. $2.50 to wash & $2.50 to dry. Grand Central Station & Penn Station about a 10 min walk to each. 25 minute walk to Time Square. While 25 minutes sounds far. It’s a easy walk. Empire State Building is about 5 minute walk. 7/11 convenience store on the corner & Walgreens one block down. It was easy to grab a pack of 24 water & snacks to keep in the room. Gym & attached restaurant to the property. On my last night stay my AC stopped working. That is my only complaint regarding the hotel. The location is great walking distance to transportation, restaurants, bars, & activities. If you decide to ride the train/subway it’s $2.75 each way. Pay with your phone, tap credit card, or get a metro card for a $1.00. Use the MTA website to plan out your trips. I also download Curb which is essentially the Uber for the Yellow Taxi and so much cheaper than Uber or Lyft. I stayed in July 2023, which was hot. Bring sunglasses, umbrella, refillable water bottle and bag pack. I try to provide as much detail in every review. *Lastly, what made my stay perfect… Michael at the front desk.* He was kind, polite, answered all my questions, & was always in a good mood. I did encounter other members of the Hilton Garden which were all pleasant & made my stay amazing. I would definitely recommend & stay again. Disclaimer… my room is a mess in the video. I didn’t take a video when I checked-in. The rooms will not disappoint. Thank you for reading my review.

Rooms need a bit of an upgrade

The hotel needs updating. I got stuck in their elevator for an hour. The appropriate steps were not taken to fix the situation and consequently, I question whether the safety protocols that have been set up at all Hilton hotels are adequate. Proceed with caution.

People are just hanging out in front. You could hear people talking  outside  in the middle of the night, and we were on the 15th  floor.

lo mejor del hotel, la calidez de su gente. todos muy amables con nosotros y nuestra jovencita hija. un hotel al que volvería en NY gracias

First time I stayed in this area of NYC. Great location. Front desk staff excellent. Room was perfect. Will stay again!

Rooms are pricey and rates change daily.  Rooms are small but nice and clean.  Staff are friendly, convenient location.  Great restaurant next door.

Mixing feeling. Great location. Front desk staff friendly. Weird breakfast prices and table settings. Unsafe bed frame.

Quarto escuro, antigo. Banheiro bom. Mas o pessoal da recepção muito prestativos. Localização excelente

Really bad room service. Ran out of shower gel, waited for two hours to get a new one. Ran out of tissue paper, called twice and waited for three hours, never got a new one. Not recommend.

Overall, I am pleased with this hotel.
Pros:
-Check in was easy.
-Great customer service
-We got super lucky and found free parking right across the street from the Hotel which was a huge plus! But very limited. For a truck it, would’ve be around $90 for valet.
-Great location! Walking distance to places to eat and about 15 minutes away from the best MACYS ever!!
-Price was lower than other hotels around the area.
Cons:
-Room was very tiny.
-There was a small little bug on the curtain.
-The bathroom fan did not work.
-Weirdly enough, the fan in the room area, never stopped going on! It was a little annoying.
I would probably stay there again if I have a last minute trip.

Very clean and services were fantastic. The location was perfect for my needs.

Best NYC experience

Great location it was vert nice inside and out parking was right next door o the building but the hotel parking was down from the hotel so we didn’t use hotel parking it cost more. Rooms we a ok size and the price of the room was far for NY

New York'un hemen hemen her yerine rahatça ulaşılabilen konumda olan otelde çalışanlar ilgili ve çözüm odaklılar. Odalar çıkmak için aldığınız kart ile  sadece odanızın bulunduğu kata çıkabilirsiniz. Otelde ayrıca bir market de mevcut. Kendiniz güvende hissetmek,konforlu bir deneyim yaşamak için tercih edilebilir bir otel. Otelin interneti ücretsiz olmakla birlikte sadece 7mb bir hıza sahip.

I am so glad we booked here for our visit to NYC. We arrived very early on a day they were fully booked. They kindy held our luggage and made a recommendation for brunch. Every single person in the hotel from the front desk to the cleaning and maintenance staff was so pleasant and helpful. It was impressive! The room was within walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, and so much more. We truly could have walked to almost every attraction we visited. There was plenty of room for our drivers to pick us ip and drop us off when we did use a driving service. The room was clean and a little small (as expected in NYC) but two adults and two teens fit comfortably enough.

Hotel was clean and elevators were quick. Staff was super friendly and helpful, special thank you to Marissa who was extremely helpful and helped us schedule transportation to the train station. Rooms were on the smaller side compared to other Hiltons we have stayed but it’s NY so I think reasonably sized. Bathroom was modern and well stocked with full size products. Location is excellent, short walk to Empire State Building and subway stations.

地理位置很好！员工很友好！安全干净卫生！

During my recent stay at the hotel, I encountered a few aspects that left me with mixed feelings. Firstly, the AC in the room was set at a fixed temperature of 74 degrees, and unfortunately, it couldn't be adjusted to a colder setting. As someone who prefers a cooler environment, this was a disappointment. It's important for hotels to cater to varying temperature preferences to ensure optimal comfort for all guests.

In addition to the AC issue, the room itself felt somewhat dated. While it provided the basic amenities needed for a comfortable stay, the overall decor and furnishings could benefit from a modern touch to enhance the ambiance and create a more inviting atmosphere.

Moving on to the conference room, which happened to be located in the basement, it too shared the same dated aesthetic as the guest room. Furthermore, the lighting in the conference room was noticeably low, creating a somewhat dim and less productive environment. Considering its basement location, introducing natural lighting or improving the overall lighting system would greatly enhance the functionality and appeal of the conference room.

On a positive note, I must commend the staff for their pleasant and accommodating demeanor. Their friendly and helpful nature added a positive touch to my overall experience at the hotel. Their professionalism and willingness to assist guests are commendable qualities that significantly contribute to creating a welcoming atmosphere.

In summary, while there were certain areas that could benefit from improvement, such as the inability to adjust the room temperature, dated room decor, and lackluster conference room lighting, the hotel staff's pleasant demeanor served as a redeeming factor. It's crucial for hotels to continuously evaluate and update their facilities to meet the evolving needs and expectations of their guests.

If you prioritize a cool room temperature, a modern ambiance, and well-lit conference spaces, it may be worth considering alternative options. However, if friendly and helpful staff is a priority for you, this hotel might still provide a satisfactory stay. Ultimately, it's important for hotels to address these areas for improvement to ensure a more enjoyable experience for their guests.

I was prepared from all the negative reviews but it was a good stay. Had little to no interactions with the front desk - digital key didn't work so had to go for a card. It definitely isn't sound proof.. heard my son's laughter from the elevator area when he was in our room, so I'll be mindful of that. Aside that, no complaints, the room was sizeable and comfortable. Microwave is in the lobby

No pool since 3 years ago so please take the pic down from the amenu

Great alternative location for business meetings in NYC. Rooms are surprisingly quiet given the proximity to GW bridge traffic. Spacious, clean, and well equipped for a quick business trip.

rooms are nice. it is just in a place that is hard to get in and out.

So far my stay @ Double Tree in Ft Lee has been quite impressive. The check in process went smoothly and I have to commend Kayla, who helped straighten out a problem which was my fault with the reservation dates. Kayla was very welcoming and a real pleasure to meet. She got the job done with a smile on her face. Also, the rooms are comfortable, the bathroom and shower are recently renovated, nice big TV, and sitting area with couch. The lobby bar is very inviting and both breakfast and dinner were terrific. Plenty of parking and closest full service hotel to GW Bridge  on Jersey side. I did extensive travel in my professional career and normally stayed with a competing hotel, but when I make my future trips back to NJ, I will be staying for sure at the Doubletree Ft Lee. Well done to rhe entire staff.

Beautiful hotel. Hotel restaurant five stars,food and service!

I'd give this a ZERO for location.  My wife and I were up on the 6th floor and we heard nothing but traffic cars trucks sirens all night long.  The restaurant is very over priced $8.00 for a bowl of soup. $4.00 for a coffee refill. The Hotel DID NOT OFFER a continental breakfast the price for breakfast is $26.99 each.  went to front desk and asked for a few more creamer for the morning coffee and I felt i was bothering them. The view out of our window was of roofs highway and bums hanging out in the parking lot. The beds were lumpy hard and small.
The shower did not have hot water. I had to take a cold shower. Their website showed a pool but when you get there and ask about it, it doesn't exist been closed for a couple years.

Had a very great experience! Shuttle service was on point.

I've had to travel to N.Y.C. countless times over the last 2 years for medical reasons (Amazon now also delivers here for me lol) and this is always our go-to hotel.

It is a great place to stay at overall-affordable, clean, rooms are newly remodeled, staff is friendly and accommodating and it is right on the outskirts of the city which makes travel easy, whether by personal vehicle or Lyft.

I highly recommend Double Tree in Fort Lee!

Highly recommend

It’s a nice hotel. The rooms are clean and they give good service. The only bad thing was the breakfast. The buffet was cold. It was plentiful but cold.

I chose this location purely due to traveling from Laguardia to Paramus, then into Manhattan. It seemed convenient, however as other reviewers are mentioned, it's in a very odd location. Right off the highway like on a service road, which is bumper to bumper, pretty much 24/7 it seems. So there is a bit of traffic noise if you room faced that direction. Also it took an Uber almost 10 minutes to arrive and then youre sitting in another 10-20 minutes of traffic right off the bat.  But that aside, the room was spacious, very clean, and modern. I was pleasantly surprised.  The concierge was friendly, the cookie was warm.. no complaints about that at all. Everything worked, etc.  And my name was on the TV which is always fun.  But I was unable to get my room to cool down lower than 70, which is kind of warm for me.  So, all things considered, I probably wouldn't stay here again.  But it wasn't the worst hotel I have ever stayed at.

Location is terrible,  not accessable be waking needs car or uber.. breakfast is ok bilit limited items , no cheese at all. Othe items are ok. Shuttle bus stops at 6 pm and provide one way service ro nearest bus station .

객실이 매우 깨끗하고 침대가 편안하여 숙면을 취하기 좋았다.

Sadly in need of update!  Dirty, hallway carpet smells. Food in restaurant not good. Disappointment

Was given a corner room which is near main road which got lots of trunks moving. Luckily managed to change the room. No bellboy on site and need to carry 5 heavy luggage up ourselves.Shampoo was not given on day 1 and asked to change during evening housekeeping. Head back still the same and need to get housekeeping to come up to change and take a bottle of cleansing detergent left behind.Other than that, the bed is good, pillow a bit too soft.Late check out given until 12pm. If only can give longer as our flight is in the evening.

I stayed here just for one night, as that is all I needed it for with traveling to the city.I had a late check in and they were very nice about it. We checked in late got into our room and turned on the TV. The TV was frozen and we called the front desk. Someone came right away and fixed in 1, 2, 3. They were very nice. The breakfast in the morning was good and had a wide selection of food. The only negative was the AC. It wasn't as cool as expected but it was okay for the one night. The staff was very nice that I interacted with. The location is perfect, with the proximity to the George Washington Bridge.  It was easy to get to the bridge. I would defiantly recommend this hotel to anyone that needs a place to stay in the Fort Lee area or close to the city.

Horrible experience.
In the middle of the night
(12 A.M,1 A.M 2 A.M)
Group of people very loudly
talk at the hallway.
Of course called front desk
two tlmes,not fixed.
Couldn't sleep at all complained when check
out,the answer was just
say sorry.

One of the better hotels I have stayed. The room is clean. All the cups, while they are paper cups, are sealed in plastic. Good size. Comfy bed. All in all, great place to stay.

The hotel is right by the main road. Lots of morning traffic though, so driving out of it might be an issue. It is not walkable if you want to get something to eat nearby.

This was a good choice for us..room was spotless,comfortable..staff was nice, restaurant was pricey but was ok in a pinch ..mediocre turkey club for $18 and breakfast buffet $25 is a bit high and coffee wasn’t the best but not that important , we were only there for a quick trip and were otherwise happy and relieved it was so nice…also the cookies claim to be nut free but we swear there were white chunks of nuts and one of us is allergic so she passed so not sure if it had nuts or not..better safe than sorry..I would definitely recommend

3 stars is being generous! Booked a 4 day stay for my birthday, I brought my daughter with me. We both have allergies but she also has asthma. Where I requested no feather pillows in the room, no one  knew where to find pillows and blankets that were hypoallergenic. They managed 1 pillow and blanket, I gave it to my daughter. The room was warm so I was okay. More pillows and blankets were found the next day, and I asked if someone could check the air conditioning. We went out for the day, on returning the room temp was 80! The thermostat was set to cool at 60. I called the front desk and was told no one was available to check it . So we sweated through night #2.  On my way out the next day I went to the front desk to request a room cleaning and for someone to check the air conditioner. She said ok and we left. On our return, the room was 80 still! I call the front desk, they sent someone up. He turned the system on and off, it kicked in. He said it's fixed. I told him no it's not, it will shut off again in 5 minutes. He said there's nothing he can do, we have to change rooms. We had reservations to a very nice restaurant on the Hudson River for the evening to ring in my birthday. Now I have to go over another room and get all the feathers out before we move in. The front desk has no one who can speak English on staff who can assist me. I have to go in and remove it. I call customer service for help! They add the front desk into our call. I'm beyond frustrated and on the verge of tears. I'm going to miss my reservation, I'm hot and sweaty still, because the new room is also 80 degrees! I'm allergic too but I'm pulling pillows and walking them down the hallway to storage, I'm still on the phone with both customer service for Hilton and the front desk, and they ask me " Well what do you want me to do?" I said " your job!" Get someone up here, I don't work here. And the room is not cooling down. The air in this room isn't working either! Someone eventually comes up after customer service disconnects the front desk and apologize for all the trouble, and said the hotel manager would contact me tomorrow. An employee that doesn't speak English tried to communicate. He brought one blanket and one pillow. I couldn't explain to him I already have a set from the other room, I need to clean and vacuum. So I gave up trying and just assisted him in making the beds. I brought bleach spray and disinfectant wipes with us. So I wiped down the bathroom and bedroom and moved in. I door dashed dinner for us and tried not to cry in front of my daughter and sat at the desk to watch my 55th birthday roll in. And sweat through night #3. By morning I am over all of this raggedy hotel and leave for all the events I have planned for the day. No one called or reached out from the hotel. The room is still hot when we get back, and now I have bit marks on my side, and the whole floor is wet under the air conditioner. I would sleep in my truck before I ever come back here! I forgot to mention that there was still trash in our first room when we moved in and a frozen bottle of tea in the freezer that someone overlooked while "cleaning"!

Staff was very helpful at checking and the atmosphere was great the whole time the hotel.

Perfect location and not far from EWR airport . We had memorable time during one day conference in this hotel ........ Value for money and service was perfect .

Felix changes this hotel experience. What a great representation for Hilton as he was very professional and friendly.
Hotel desperately needs updates. The “broken glass” sign taped to the broken window panes kind of says it all.

Here for one day conference EC30 and satisfied with the facilities / service and location.

First of all, there is too much noise throughout the hotel. 2 days ago, they asked me to switch rooms because there was an issue with my original room, so I had to pack all my belongings and move.
Then, the next day, the front desk called me and said they needed to do electrical work, asking me to leave the room again. Tonight, with the outdoor temperature at 35 degrees, the heating is not working, and the front desk told me there’s nothing they can do until tomorrow morning.
Now I am stuck here freezing in the DoubleTree hotel in Fort Lee. I thought a hotel stay should be a pleasant experience, not one where I have to deal with constant issues and argue with the front desk over problems they created.
I would not recommend this hotel.

Clean and nice hotel very close to manhattan

All was the same with photo,  and  you can approach only with vehicles.
The most good thing was  the deposit comes back just when you check out!!

This hotel was so clean and the had a nice restaurant in the lobby. The front desk lady was welcoming and we got warm cookies! I slept so good on those pillows I had to break down and purchase some for my house!

翻新中，酒店房間非常新淨，只是浴室花灑水力稍弱。

Positive: "" Negative: ""

There are no water fountains or water stations in this building. What a happens if a guest has an emergency and is in need for life giving water?

Stayed at this Doubletree on a 3-day flight layover. It is convenient to the highway, which also means there is a bit of tolerable traffic noise.|The hotel is going through extensive renovations on the upper 4 floors, so there is a lot of construction noise during the daytime.|The only negative is the one-way road in front of the hotel. In order to access it, one needs to get on then off the highway. Not a big deal, just a point of information, especially since everyone has GPS in the cellphones.|Overall, the hotel is clean, standard amenities, average food. The staff are all very friendly. It would be interesting to return after the reconstruction to see the completion.

Positive: "" Negative: I drove my parents to see their grandchildren. We arrived early. Told that our rooms are ready but had to pay an extra $120 if we wanted to check into our rooms 2 hours before check-in. My parents given a cookie. Told they had to pay $3 extra for water.

The room was clean, the hotel restaurant staff provided great customer service, and the housekeeping staff was nice, as well.

They over booked and didn’t have a double bed for us. Had to move rooms 2 times. One room was dirty and someone had been smoking. The second room had no hot water.

Disappointed with this stay overall.  Here were the issues I had:
I picked out my room online when I checked in.  When I went to the counter to get a key, I was told that the room I selected wasn't available because it hadn't been cleaned yet.  It was 7pm.  Why was the room available as an option if it wasn't available?  So, I was put in a different room on the same floor.
A/C - the A/C stopped working 2 hours into my trip.  The room was 80 degrees when I got back from dinner.  They did send up someone from maintenance to "fix" it.  The fix was temporary.  The room was 80 degrees in the middle of the night again.
Shower - almost no water pressure.
The room did come with a refrigerator.  But the door you have to open to get into the fridge dragged along that carpet and was hard to open.
Location - although this isn't the fault of the hotel, beware.  It's located in one of those spots that you can't actually get to without driving past it multiple times.  It feels like you have to travel in a Z pattern to get to, repeatedly.
Staff was nice.  No free breakfast and no baggage carts located in the lobby.  Had to make multiple trips from car to room.  They do have a really nice restaurant in the lobby though.  So there's that.  Will not be staying here again.

UPDATE 3/11/2026 - I made a huge mistake.  I had to book a hotel last minute for a medical procedure in NYC.  I didn't realize that this was the place I stayed at before.  It was worse than before.  The A/C unit stopped working in the middle of the night on night 1.  I figured out that if you put the fan in "Auto" instead of "On", then the A/C seems fine.  The water pressure is worse than ever.  Not only that, we didn't have any hot water the entire time we stayed.  We notified the front desk and they told us that someone from "engineering" would be up to take a look.  Engineering?  How about a plumber instead?  If you are looking to get any rest during the day, forget it.  They are under construction and you will hear drills and hammers all day.  I don't recommend staying here, but if you have to, make sure you call ahead and ask them if they are done with construction.  One bright note, the ice maker on the 4th floor is awesome.

Location is great !

Stayed here with my cousin and boyfriend due to her visiting us during a difficult time in our lives (my mother’s life was taken and I we were grieving) What was advertised is incorrect. No cookies, no pool, and didnt know they were doing construction until we checked in. The service was horrible. We tried to extend our stay for one more night so we can stay with family a little longer, but they gave us a hard time. Wont be ever coming back if service is horrible.

Excelente 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌 👌

No bottled water
No water depenser
before 6 different hotel, them all have provided drinkable water

Really like the welcome message on the TV, never seen that before.

10/10

This place was great. Staff was amazing, friendly courteous. Location was perfect for what we needed. Also a very pet friendly hotel. We definitely recommend.

Staff are very friendly & will accommodate to the best that their permitted to do..

House keeping: They are courteous and try their best to make sure your needs are met..
They Noticed I went to get ice & saw there was no ice in the machine, they went out of their way & got me ice :-)

No Microwave in the rooms, only 1 in the lobby which heats unevenly..

Heat in bathroom doesn't work
Shower: water doesn't maintain consistent temperature..

No breakfast included..

No Washer or Dryer
Only dry cleaning service available & very pricey

The middle elevator has some issues
At least at the 4th floor it seems...
One time the doors opened up only a Crack & I had to open it by hand, that was a little concerning, then a second time, the same elevator stopped unevenly, creating a slight step up, that was unexpected & I almost tripped..

Swimming pool & hot tub are currently under construction, was hoping getting to use that.. be able to unwind...

Parking isn't really the greatest in the winter time for large vehicles, parking can be tight do to snow.. the exit is even more fun to maneuver to get out, especially in the winter time..

Again Staff were very accommodating.. blocked off a small section soo that cars dont park in a way that causes a challenge parking situation.. for a large vehicle..

From setup to service, events at DoubleTree Hilton are well supported. The staff are attentive, and the kitchen facilities allow seamless execution for all types of events. @bukharagrillcaterers

Very old dated and restroom on 1st floor was disgustingly smelly. Overall very old

Great hotel clean and nice and staff is nice

Positive: The hotel was in a convenient location. It was quiet and cozy. Negative: ""

Staff was amazing. Room was clean and nicely decorated. Location, so close to New York. We also got a chance to have dinner at their restaurant Cafe Milano, food was excellent and reasonably priced. We will definitely be back very soon. 💖

First off rooms are really clean. Modern looking. I like the lg t.v. I had a standard king size room. It came with a refrigerator. It looked old fashion not a big deal. It didn't get cold much to keep the food fresh. No microwave in room. I had to go down to the lobby 😩 from the 9 floor. No a big deal. U might have get a room with a microwave/refrigerator if u get a suite room. The beds are comfortable. Bed was little lower then other hotels I stay at. But really not a big deal. Just given a review and a closer inside to someone who wants to stay. I will go back. Dinner room close at 10:30pm and bar close at 11:00pm. Bartender can make some great drinks. Bathroom clean. They have shampoo/conditioner.

Noisy
Rooms are newly renovated

The stay was typical for what you'd expect. However, I have a couple complaints. One of my biggest is with Hilton and that there is NO MICROWAVE in the rooms. Also, my tv was away from the wall and I had to adjust the cable box for it to receive the remotes signal. The remote also wasnt synced to the tv, so i could only turn the tv on and off with the button on the tv. Also, the units furnace filter was open and noticeably dirty. The fridge cabinet door (also, another hotel gripe, its annoying that the fridge is hidden in a cabinet) wouldnt close all the way and was scraping. Other that that, the room was clean and what you'd expect.

After two nights the room was good for the price, location and easy parking. Turn on some warmth and friendliness at the front desk and restaurant/bar, turn down the temp in the room (poor thermostat cooling limits), and turn up the water temp in the shower and I would rate it a 5. Seems I’m in good company based on previous reviews.

The comforters had mold all over it. The mold dusk was falling off the comforter. The comforter also had a stain in it. When we went to tell the front desk manager a general manager there wasn’t no any sincere apology. No action was taken but my phone number taken down and they said they will call pest control. No refund was issued or credit for stay.

It is with great regret and sadness that I must say the staff is extremely rude and racist. They are completely uncooperative. They are demanding $15 just to warm milk for an innocent child. Their behavior is so hostile that I am not even willing to stay for a single minute, yet they are refusing to refund the money and are behaving aggressively toward me.
I will make sure that none of my acquaintances ever stay at this hotel again. I was subjected to extremely humiliating and disrespectful treatment.

Had a worst experience and service at this place. We booked two rooms and learnt on the arrival that there is no water in the facility (due to broken motor) for more than 24hrs. Front desk staff were helpless and had no clue how to handle the crowd.

We move to another Hilton property nearby. Situation so you of have been handled better and staff could have shown more empathy to customers

Thank you for Avery think 😊😊😊
The staff were very friendly. Thank you, it was a wonderful experience with you, and we will definitely come back again.

This was one of the most stressful hotel experiences I have ever had.

My reservation was canceled just one hour before arrival because the hotel had no water. At that point, I had already driven 12 hours from Charlotte, NC to New York City for Christmas. Being notified that late left me stranded and exhausted.

What made the situation much worse was how I was treated by the manager on duty, William. He was rude, dismissive, and spoke to me in a very disrespectful manner. When I asked for help or alternatives, I was refused any assistance. I genuinely felt uncomfortable during the interaction and felt that I was treated differently because of how I look.

I had no choice but to book another hotel on my own at the last moment just to have a place to stay. As an international traveller with no family in the U.S., this experience during the holidays was emotionally overwhelming.

I have been a Hilton Honors member for over two years, and this experience was far below the level of care and professionalism I expect from a Hilton property. Problems happen, but how guests are treated in difficult situations matters, and this hotel failed badly.

I hope Hilton and the property management take this feedback seriously and address how guests are treated during emergencies.

The room was dirty. Dust and small trash in the corners, stains. Phone to front desk doesn’t work. Coffee in the lobby not replenished. Understaffed. Poor sound insulation.

Their famous DoubleTree cookies are breaking their backs holding up this otherwise dated and very tired hotel.

I've stayed at this hotel numerous times over the years to visit family that lives close-by. My most recent stay in their ~$500/night "presidential" "suite" and the lack of follow-up from their management after contacting them about it was my last straw with this hotel.  A truly upsetting experience from start to finish.

I was given a Digital Key, which was good, but entering what looked like a regular 1-bed King-sized room (attached) was a huge surprise.

The room itself was extremely worn. Peeling paint in the (cramped) bathroom and gashes on the connecting door (attached) are unfortunate, but understandable, blemishes for a $150/nt reservation, but unacceptable in what's supposed to be this hotel's flagship accommodations.

The room was also messy. Finding someone's leftover sock wedged between the wall and an ottoman (attached) really added to this room's stately ambience.

As it happens, the "Presidential" part of the suite was in the room adjoining that which I was given a Digital Key for. I only found out about this after confirming with the app that the room was, indeed, supposed to be much larger and, then, calling the front desk to correct the discrepancy. (The front desk did not call me!) The living room was old, and the water looked like it hadn't been replaced in a while, but it most certainly was a suite.

Contacting hotel management was futile and was my motivating factor for posting this review. I emailed them shortly after my stay with the remarks from this review and a request for a partial refund. This seemed like a fair request given that I was only given a key for the bedroom and bathroom portion of this suite and they are the same size (more or less) as the other rooms I've stayed in at this hotel for considerably less money. Crickets. Not even an automatic "we've received your request" acknowledgement. Quite upsetting.

I've been fortunate enough to stay in many suites throughout the Hilton and Marriott portfolios over the years. This experience at the DoubleTree is undoubtedly the worst suite I've stayed in and sullied my desire to ever stay here again. Consider splurging elsewhere!

A satisfactory hotel, both outdated and newly renovated depending on the area of hotel you are assigned for your stay. Nothing special, but suitable for something cheap just outside the city. The reason for two stars is the service. An extremely rude front-desk check-in scenario started a trip off on a sour note. I think it is important to note that we are Hilton Lifetime Diamond members, and this is the first negative review I have ever written. Long story short, the connecting rooms we reserved well in advance were not available when we arrived at 5:30pm, but we were NOT told that upon check-in. So, with keys in hand, we arrived to the rooms to realize we were given something other than what we reserved. So, we returned to the desk, where we were told they did not have connecting rooms, but then magically given connecting rooms after my husband questioned the ability to reserve connecting rooms. We then arrived to the connecting rooms with very different bed configurations than what was reserved/requested. So, we went back to the desk to yet again request what was reserved -OR- switch back to the original rooms that offered the bed configurations that suited our family needs. Jose at the front desk - who was not even the agent actually helping me - overheard the request and rudely stepped in to say that nothing could be done and we "get what we get"...and even more unbelievably, in the four minutes that transpired between requests, both of our original rooms were given to other parties. I believe his specific comment was "um, no, absolutely not...we are sold out and you need to realize that you get what you get. I just gave away those rooms to other people...and yes, in the last four minutes. So, no." (meanwhile there were no other guests at the front desk, so being dismissed immediately was also unnecessary). Thanks for the solution-oriented service, Jose, and the kind NJ welcome.

The entire of hotel has no water!

When you visit a hotel, you expect to at least take a shower, but there was no water, and the TV didn't work either. You basically just rented a box without anything. You expect a slightly different service from a Hilton.

Unfortunately stay there while there is renovation being done to the hotel. That's why I give this review.

Terrible Experience – Completely Disappointed

I had a reservation at this hotel that I placed using a debit card. To my shock, they canceled my reservation simply because it was a debit card and not a credit card without any notification. When I called to resolve the issue, I was told it was “my problem” and that there was nothing they could do, and then the call was abruptly hung up on me.

As a Hilton employee myself, I am disgusted by the level of customer service I received. They refused to let me speak with a manager and gave me no opportunity to update my payment information. If this property requires a credit card rather than a debit card, that policy should be clearly communicated at the time of booking.

This experience was frustrating, unprofessional, and completely unacceptable. I will not be returning and cannot recommend this hotel to anyone.

Great location if you have a car. Terrible if you plan to commute by train/bus to the city. The hotel is on a highway. GPS is inaccurate and will lead you to the back of the hotel. We found out they have a shuttle at 10am that will drop you off 5min away before the bridge at a bus stop. No service back to the hotel. Plan on budgeting 40-60$ additional for transportation. This on top of the hassle of commuting. If you want direct Ubers to the city budget 70-80$ one way. Other than location the hotel is clean, restaurant is underwhelming (better food in the city for a better price), pool area is closed as of Dec 2025 and no info on when it would reopen. Overall I would not stay here if I planned to visit the city again.

The service is amazing. The breakfast for the price needs more love and attention. The rooms are old but very clean.

After reading all the reviews. It was actually better than expected. The room was clean, bathroom was clean, restaurant food was good, service was great. We arrived early before check in and the hotel driver was nice enough to take us to the bus stop. Hotel is right off the highway. Convenient,  no complaints. They were doing renovations we got a renovated room so everything was perfect. Will stay again

Hard to believe how customer service can be this bad.

The location is terrible. As others have mentioned, it's not possible to walk anywhere as you will need to access the highway first. I had to Uber one of the three days I was there since the driver for the hotel's free, hourly shuttle did not show up for the 10am pick up despite showing up 15mins prior. Even the Uber driver who was supposed to arrive within 8mins of booking, could not get to the hotel easily and it ended up taking him 15min to get to the hotel because of all the traffic. He mentioned that most ubers would not accept the ride honestly. I wish I knew prior to booking so I could plan the logistics of things better.

The free cookie upon arrival is nice and generally the staff are too but that was probably the only positives.. We were welcomed to a bathroom with a dirty towel that didn't seem to have been washed properly. The shower smells heavily like chlorine too. On top of that, the hotel was under renovation and every morning at 7am we heard banging. It also didn't help that our room was next to the staff's utility room (or so we thought - room 619). The ice machine was off too and I had to go to the 12th floor just to get ice. Location also made sleep terrible. If you are a light sleeper, you will definitely notice the honking early morning as the hotel is by the highway. The coffee maker had what looked like ketchup stains on it. And finally, the mini-fridge is really a freezer - my bottled waters all froze.

I stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Fort Lee (Reservation: R5974830004), and unfortunately my experience was extremely disappointing from the first night.

When I checked in late at night, I found the pillows and bed sheets dirty with what looked like makeup stains — clearly showing that the bedding had not been changed properly. I tried calling housekeeping several times with no answer. The front desk told me he was the only one available and that housekeeping had already left, and he could only give me clean pillow covers if I came down to pick them up myself. I ended up leaving the hotel that night and staying with a friend because the room was not in a clean or usable condition.

Later during my stay, on November 17, the water in the hotel was completely shut off from 12 PM to 3 PM. We were only informed about this issue around 11:30 AM, which gave almost no time to prepare. This was extremely inconvenient and unacceptable for a hotel in this category.

Additionally, the towels in the bathroom were another issue. Even after housekeeping “changed” them, the towels still had stains and visible marks on more than one occasion. I had to request new towels multiple times, and it felt like the hotel either has insufficient laundry capacity or simply needs to replace its towel stock entirely.

Overall, this hotel does not meet the standards expected from a Hilton-branded property. Cleanliness, housekeeping availability, and basic maintenance were all below expectations. I hope the management takes these issues seriously and improves the quality and hygiene standards.

Terrible

I love staying in this place Kayla and Tiffany are the best staff workers very polite kindness professionalism is out standing and they always smiling no matter what day they having I give them a 10 in rating

It is diabolically insane, to allow contractors to rip apart rooms that are DIRECTLY NEXT TO GUEST ROOMS AT 730 AM!!!

Yes there are renovations. Yes there is a sign. But to be awakened at 730 AM in a room you paid 200 dollars for by men stripping walls and paint below you is completely insane and unreasonable.

I have no idea how this was allowed to happen to me/us at what otherwise appears to be a decent hotel.

I will say, the location of this hotel is TERRIBLE. You literally could not walk anywhere from this location if you tried. And this is New York, people expect to be able to walk.

Only stay here if you are an exterminator here for the convention.

I did appreciate the staff was very nice when I let them know about the insane noise levels- it seems like I was far from the first guest to come to them with this problem (which further begs the question HOW).

When your third floor literally looks like a war zone with no walls in the hall. Maybe don’t rent out the fourth floor room DIRECTLY ABOVE IT.

I still can’t believe they were actually stupid enough to put us in that room, or to allow contractors to work INSIDE OF YOUR HOTEL BEFORE 8 AM.

It’s really just basic logic and decency along with a place to stay that I expected

The hotel itself was pretty good. The location left a lot to be desired. NOTHING in walking distance except another hotel. Nice ambiance in the lobby area. The desk staff were very kind and attentive. As a matter of fact, while I was checking in, a  lady fell down the stairs and everyone at the counter went over to offer assistance. The room was very quaint. The only thing missing was a microwave. Another reviewer commented on the noise. I concur 100%. The doors slam ridiculously loud. Other people going in and out of their rooms woke me up several times.
Another con was the prices in the cafe Milano. $20 for a burger and everything was ala carte. Perhaps that’s standard for New York but I found that to be quite expensive. Overall my stay was pleasant.

Positive: The gentleman that checked us was wonderful very pleasant Negative: No toilet paper in the bathroom had to use tissue that was in the container and also the shower gel was completely empty  was not aware they charge $15  in order to have a microwave brought up to our room

This was the worst hotel experience I’ve ever had. The AC was completely broken and wouldn’t go below 76 degrees. The room was unbearably hot, and I couldn’t sleep at all. For the price I paid, I expected basic comfort, but this stay was miserable. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone until they fix their air conditioning and address guest comfort seriously.

The rooms are old. Things was unacceptable.

Hotel is in general ok, location is difficult, directley at the Highway and not reachable by walk

I had to cancel my reservation due to a serious medical emergency. I cancelled more than two months in advance, and even contacted the hotel and Booking.com multiple times, not a single response.

Despite never staying at the hotel, they still charged me over $2,000. I was in hospital at the time, fighting for my health, and my family was going through emotional distress. And what did they do? Nothing. No refund. No empathy. Not even an explanation.

Seven months later, I still haven’t received a single human reply. But their system was quick to send me an automated email asking, “How was your stay?” as if I had actually been there.

I’m deeply disappointed and shocked that a brand like Hilton would treat people this way. This is not hospitality. This is exploitation.

Avoid this hotel if you value human decency.

DO NOT BOOK IF YOU ARE A LIGHT SLEEPER. This hotel has no soundproofing. I gave it two tries, as the location is convenient to the George Washington Bridge, and I had to be in the City very early on two separate occasions. It seems that the majority of the rooms face some point of the busy highway. I travel with a fan for white noise, and even that did not help. The second stay was slightly better after requesting the quietest room available, but it still had very loud traffic noise. They are apparently doing construction at the hotel. I hope it is to put in soundproof windows. If noise does not bother you, this hotel is fine.

The room was just okay, but the reception staff gave no welcoming feeling — service was very poor. The location is quite far from everything, with no shops or attractions within walking distance. Think twice before booking — you’ll definitely need your own car or rely on Uber to get around.

Positive: "" Negative: The air conditioner did not work in the room  so it was 80 degrees at night

I was excited we found something so close to the hospital where my dad was. Food and service in restaurant was good. HOWEVER, the room was extremely hot and almost unbearable to sleep in. We called to have it fixed and the guy came in around 11pm. We all woke up in a pool of sweat.
It was 80 degrees in here and it was hard to breathe. Not the best experience to be honest. Will probably stay up the street going forward.

Loved the room, very clean

스위트 업그레이드 해주셧는데
방이 너무 커서 놀랬네요
위치도 좋고 컨시어지도 친절하고
빠른 체크아웃과 조식도 훌륭했습니다

위치 최고 뷰도 너무 좋았습니다

Positive: The hotel was close to the George Washington Bridge, and the room was comfortable for the most part, but that's about it. Negative: IF YOU COME TO THIS AREA WITHOUT A CAR, FORGET ABOUT RIDING A BUS TO AND FROM THE HOTEL. The only way in or out is by cab or Uber. The hotel has a shuttle which runs to a nearby bus stop, BUT NOT BEFORE 11 A.M.

Positive: Location Negative: Room would not cool down. Very uncomfortable.

Nice hotel on the border of NY and NJ but in NJ. We stayed there to see a show. The room was beautiful and hotel was up to par. They also had alot of free parking and a restaurant in the lobby that had drinks and good food.

This hotel offers a very convenient location, especially for those driving. It's situated right off the highway, making it incredibly easy to access. A heads-up for other travelers: this prime location does mean you can encounter some traffic noise during peak hours, but it's a fair trade-off for the easy access.The service was consistently nice and helpful throughout my stay.Overall, it was a functional stay with a great location.

미국이지만 도보 이동은 완전 포기해야합니다.
오래된 호텔입니다. 침구는 괜찮으나 냉방 시 소음이 굉장하고...욕실은 낡았습니다.
조식은 정말 간소했으나 음식은 나쁘지 않았습니다.
뷰는...존재하지 않습니다.

Was good, i like it

The location was perfect for us right off the highway. The cars and trucks passing by wasn't an issue you can't hear them inside. The entire hotel is nicely decorated art all over and jewelry cases. The staff was nice and friendly. On-site restaurant with full bar. Our only issue was the loud creaking doors. You can hear everyone's door open and close they make so much noise.  You can also hear the housekeepers clean and their carts. The sound of people walking and talking in the hallways. The doors don't provide any insulation to the hallway noise.

I didn't like the hotel this time.
It was dirty, and the phone and lamps were not working.
Customer service is not great and disrespectful.
This time experience was bad.
This is the worse hotel ever.

Wow where to start, the 8am wake up sawsall, the low quality room update, the tvs that don’t work, the shipping labels on the countertops, the permanent closed pool, the shop thats never open, the toilet that doesn’t flush, and the worst offender every time we called down to front desk they seemed offended at my question. I asked about airport shuttle ( there are two hotel people moving busses in the parking lot) the response “ we have nothing to do with the airport “ can we get a later check out? “ uh we don’t do that”. I have traveled a alot and worked at hotels. AVOID THIS PROPERTY

👏Thank you DoubleTree for the incessant  pounding of 🔨 hammers 🔨 and whirling of drills directly above my head at 7 AM after a night of drinking!

When I go to a hotel, sleep is my bottom priority 🛏️👎. Number one priority? You guessed it: BANG BANG BANG. Hammers. Sleeping at a hotel is for losers.

Wait a few hours to begin renovations to allow guests to sleep? Absolutely not! ❌ What do you think that $180 was for? BZZZZZZZZZ 🪛 💯

Positive: The Staff were very nice. Negative: We needed to ask for a privacy sign, there was one small garbage can and the housekeeper said she’d return with hand towels and bath mat but she didn’t return.

Positive: I appreciated the staff and the cleanliness of the hotel. Negative: ""

BEWARE:  When you click on the directions link it will make you believe that the hotel is assessible by walking 5 minutes from Main Street in Fort Lee.  This is no true.  Sadly no one from Hilton Corporate office has notified Google of this discrepancy.
Hilton simply states that it is Googles fault.  Doubletree Hilton continues to be okay with misleading prospective rentors.  This is sad and poor business practice.

The price was good but need some improvements. In which, they did have a sign saying that they are doing construction on it. No room service. No pool. No ice machine in the hallway. No toiletries. Breakfast was great. Dinner was good. However, I had to spend more money on Lyft driver because the hotel is in the middle of the highway. I was trying to relax in the lobby but i couldn't because of the music playing in the lobby. DO NOT, REPEAT, DO NOT FOLLOW GOOGLE MAP WALKING DISTANCE!! THERE IS NO WALK WAY TOWARDS THE HOTEL. Over all it was good but not great. Still needs improvements. I really wanted room service.

0 STAR REVIEW: BE AWARE AND DONT COME TO THIS HOTEL! READ THE OTHER REVIEWS BEFORE BOOKING TO THIS DISGUSTING HOTEL! I reported this to corporate as well . I don’t suggest anyone to stay here unless you’re really desperate to stay and want to suffer in a HOT room .It was a horrible experience staying in this hotel. They gave my family & I the room 803. The room did not have no AC. I checked in at 4 o’clock, we proceed to go to the room the moment we open the door we noticed it was humid inside and smelled like mold, where the AC unit was, the carpet was all wet. We saw the temperature and it was close to 87°.  We try to turn on the AC and we were in the room for almost an hour without AC. I proceed to go downstairs to the lobby to report it. They sent maintenance to the room. It was so gentleman one look like a supervisor who came in with not the best attitude to help us out and another gentleman who called George was very nice enough to do everything that he could to fix the situation. George told us that our AC was basically broken and water was all over the carpet near the beds. That is the reason why the room smell like mold. One of my family members does AC units for living and she told me that the AC is broken. The main supervisor proceeds to come in the room and put a filter on the AC and told us that our room should be cold soon. Unfortunately when we got back from our event later that night, the room was hot like a sauna. Our clothes smell like mold. We reported to the lobby and spoke with one of the gentlemen there and he told us that he had one room that’s a king size bed , he said that our whole family could fit in that bed. I think it’s very unprofessional to say to us when we’re spending three days in this hotel, which I almost came out to $600. I booked this hotel a month and a half in advance, and I feel disrespected by the employees here and especially from this hotel. It was my first time using this hotel since I always heard great things about it, but unfortunately, this experience to me was the worst that I ever had. One of the night employees made my boyfriend write a statement in regards to what happened in our room. I even told that employee that I had severe asthma and he’s didn’t care. He started talking about his daughter out of nowhere. The security guard of that night came to our room and gave us a fan and told us to open the window and try to sleep. That night it was humid. This was very inhumane.
We barely slept, and we had big event to attend in the morning. I had trouble breathing because of my asthma.
The next morning, my boyfriend went downstairs with me and the morning manager changed us to a new room. In the new room, it was still warm. It seemed like the whole hotel had no AC. I bumped into some guests on the elevator and they told us that they’re having AC problems as well, It’s been almost 2 hours that they got no towels and the snack machine was broken.
Why does a hotel like this where it has no AC is still open? Specially, when New York is having heat waves.
They refund us for the first night, but not the second.
I don’t recommend anyone to come to this hotel. It’s a torture. None of the employees care.
This hotel is a joke and everything is old and not updated. Why is this hotel so expensive to stay if you don’t feel the experience that you’re supposed to have. I have a video, but unfortunately, Google does not let me upload it.

The receptionist was angry because I booked from trip.com she’s name is Tiffany she was very unprofessional she doesn’t help me for my booking and she didn’t give me the room and I canceled

The rooms are great!

The location is just at the edge of town, by the George Washington Bridge connecting New York and New Jersey!

Location is excellent . That’s all I can say.

very basic

I will never stay here again, they post a pool on there google and have no pool, they charge you for a microwave if you want to use it for a night and there is no public microwave, I ask for new towels while house keeping is on my floor I ask for towels they send me down to the lobby like I’m a scrub or something after that they tell me at the front house keeping will bring them up! NO! House keeping just refused to bring me them not to mention at 10:50 they tell me oh by the way the waters gonna be cut off at 11:15 until 4 PM!! We will NEVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN!

My stay was so great I extended the days. Staff was very friendly and breakfast was good

Stayed 8/2–8/4 and was shocked at the condition of my room. Mold on the shower curtain, rust on light fixtures, yellowed bed linens, gash in the main door, bathroom door falling apart , non functioning lights above nightstand, and holes in the wall above the bed. Even after asking for housekeeping, the room was never cleaned. This hotel is badly in need of repairs and upkeep. For over $500, this was completely unacceptable. They should be ashamed to present rooms like this to guests. |I was sent a text asking about my stay. I advised that I was not pleased. I was then asked when could they call me to discuss and no one ever called.

ayed 8/2–8/4 and was shocked at the condition of my room. Mold on the shower curtain, rust on light fixtures, yellowed bed linens, gash in the main door, bathroom door falling apart , non functioning lights above nightstand, and holes in the wall above the bed. Even after asking for housekeeping, the room was never cleaned. This hotel is badly in need of repairs and upkeep. For over $500, this was completely unacceptable. They should be ashamed to present rooms like this to guests.
I was sent a text asking about my stay. I advised that I was not pleased. I was then asked when could they call me to discuss and no one ever called.

Iv been around the world, been to Asia, Europe, Africa, middle east and both Americas. I HAVE NEVER, NEVERR SAW A HOTEL LIKE THIS!!!!!!!! The unprofessionalism, the careless and the service are unbelievably bad in this place “but they give you a cookie” so nice of them!!!!! yikes! Checked in late, paid premium since its the weekend “Friday” and they love to take advantage! waited at the front desk while the guy is trying to program my room keys and failing, i waited watching him literally talking to himseld like a crazy person, jumping from computer to another till it worked eventually!!! Got into the room finally and was exhausted, just wanted to sleep!!! First surprise, the TV IS NOT WORKING! i am used to sleep while watching tv so i tried everything to fix it myself, moved the TV STAND TO SEE THE MOST DISGUSTING THING IV EVER SEEN!!!!! A big balls of hairs and dust, and sticky stuff like gum all around the cables! looking at the carbet afterwards to see the amount of dirt, stains and hair glued to it in a scene of horror that never been presented to me before!!!! till this point i was thinking if the TV WORKED I WONT MENTION ANYTHING ABOUT THE DIRTINESS since i just wanted to sleep and leave next morning “which is today”.. Well TV DIDNT WORK AT ALL SO i called the front desk asking for help to be told that they will try to send me someone but there’s no gurantees that TV WILL WORK!!!!!  A few mins later a grumpy old man showed up to my door with a security outfit to immediately start saying and before greeting “that he is just a security guy that have nothing to do with TV AND THAT THEY SENT HIM HERE TO TRY SO HE IS GONA JUST PRESS FEW BUTTONS OF THE REMOTE TO SEE if that would solve the problem”!!!!! to tell him that i already tried everything and nothing worked and that i am not that stupid to miss pressing few buttons and try the remote!!!!! i asked him to leave and not to worry about it. Called the front desk again to ask to be transfered to another room, to be answered by the same guy telling me that he will send someone, to interrupt him saying that you already sent me a security guy that he didnt know what TV MEANT!!!!! To be told that oh! so we sent you someone already then, and that theres no other room to change “ps. This is not a few rooms hotel, its a tower with 7 to 8 floors and they have no room for me to switch!!!!!!! Yeah rightt!! Well the Horrors didn't stop here!!! for my misfortune, it was just the beggining! Its a hot summer day with a temperature of over 80 degrees and a humidity that make the skin melt, and now the A/C IS NOT WORKING!!!!!!!!!! And the tempreture in the room is set to 79!!!!! it was so hot and humid to a level i was dripping sweats but knowing ”theres no other rooms!!!!“ and to avoid them sending the ”security guy“ again to fix the A/C!!!!! i didnt even bothered to call the front desk again, i just wanted to end this nightmare and sleep!!!!! Thought to take a shower as it would help cooling me off a little, had couple drinks and water on me i put them in fridge to get cold while i shower so i can drink something cold after, maybe it will help fighting the heat!! tried not to focus on the heat aspect that much so i can sleep at this disgusting place!!!!!! after showering and getting my body all red of the high pressure water that cannot be adjusted, i opened the fridge to grab my drink and its still hot!!!!! THE FRIDGE ISNT WORKING AS WELL!!!!!!!!! At this point i just collabsed on bed and after turning and tossing in bed i burried my head under the pillow to minimize the noise and the foot steps on my roof.. i finally slept at 5 in the morning to be waken up at 7:30 “two hours later” terrified by a tremendouse loud drilling noises as if it was beside my head but coming from the roof that shaked my entire room!!!!!!!! having a duet with the leaf blowers right downstairs under my window in the parking lot! I was on the 4th floor and calling the front desk asking about the logic of that in a hotel early in the morning while people are sleeping!!!!! To be told that they're doing construction in the 5th floor!!!!!! At 7 AM!!!!!! I packed my bag, left the room, went to front desk, asked for a manager to get this dude saying that he is the manager “which clearly explaines what i saw in this hotel” i was furiously angry and still in shock, explained to him everything i suffered and he didn't say one word!!!!! To end up throwing the keys on his desk and left checking out around 8 in the morning while my check out shouldve been at 11 AM!!!!!!!!! After that i called “Hilton Honors” to file a complain and report the hotel as i am a member with them “not anymore”!!, i had to speak and explain same story to two guys in their “client care” to be placed on hold for a long time, then the first guy confirmed my information and the credit card i used for reservation while the other guy named “Angel” a hispanic dude said that the info i gave him doesnt match my reservation!!!!! And that he cannot help filing this complain if he cant verify my information!!!!!!!! So one guy said “its correct” second guy said “its not” both of them work in what they call “client care” department!!!! What a joke!!!!!! A joke of an establishment that needs to get out of business as their era is diffenetly came to an end as a respectfull hotel. I even asked the second guy to provide me with an email so i can send him proof of my reservation and my card statement showing it as proof and he didn't want to!!!!!!! And when i asked for his phone number or extension so i can call back and ask to speak to him, he said “no, but anyone can help when you call back” i was like ok cool, i assume all the things i told you are in the system so i can call anyone and they will read it without me explaining everything for the third time, he said no, he cant save anything and that “unfortunately i will need to explain again when i call back!!!!! They”re just a gang of incompetent individuals that get paid pennies and when you pay pennies you get pennies!!!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS CHAIN AND GO TO “SUPER 8” I PROMISE YOU, YOU WILL HAVE WAY BETTEE EXPERIENCE THAT BS HILTON. NEVER AGAIN!!! This feedback will be posted in EVERY SINGLE PLATFORM I HAVE AND EVERY HOTEL WEBSITE PLUS IT WILL BE REPORTED TO THE CONSUMER BUREAU and Fort Lee Borough and not gona rest till i see this facility shutting down!

False advertising. Shocked to find there is NO pool or hot tub, even though it's advertised on Google maps that there was. Imagine arriving excited after a long hot day with kids to see this scam!

Positive: Location Negative: No pool, is not clean The A/C not working,  Hair everywhere because the housekeeping don't clean.

In terms of location, it's quite close to the George Washington bridge (driving, do not try walking). Rooms are serviceable, breakfast is close to edible.

Disgusting and unacceptable — Hilton, are you serious?

I’m staying at the DoubleTree by Hilton Fort Lee, and I honestly cannot believe what I’ve experienced here. This isn’t just bad service — it’s flat-out disgusting.

I opened a drawer and found a half-eaten muffin just sitting there. Not just crumbs — someone literally took bites out of it and left it, and housekeeping didn’t even notice or bother to clean it. On top of that, muffin pieces were also left in the bathroom, right next to the hair dryer.

And the hair dryer? Didn’t work. I asked for a replacement, they brought another broken one. Only on the third try did I finally get one that actually worked.

Then I flipped a pillow over — and what do I find? A long strand of a woman’s hair. That’s how little attention is given to basic cleanliness.

This place dares to call itself a 4-star hotel? What a joke.
And don’t even try blaming this on “ongoing renovations.” Being under renovation doesn’t give you permission to cut corners on hygiene and basic guest services.

DoubleTree by Hilton Fort Lee, you should be embarrassed.
This experience was beyond disappointing — it was disgusting, lazy, and completely unworthy of the Hilton brand. Stay away from this hotel.

Just arrived last night and so far, very bad experience. To start, the carpet in front of the desk in my room is soaking wet. I was too tired last night to care. Called this morning as I noticed there's no iron board in here, not even the small ones,and the response "So sorry, we don't have those up front and room service get here at 9." What?! Many people stay at hotels for business and usually leave before 9. Essentially, stay far away from this place if you're here for business - they don't cater to you if you need anything before 9AM. I can't wait to leave this place - this is not how it used to be and will be the last time I stay here.

Update: As you can see, this Hilton doesn't care. They have canned responses and instead of reaching out to me or the hotel to fix things, they ask that I contact them. Why would I do that when I already talked to you all and this is why I am complaining? You should be contacting me and making it right. Instead, I've been sleeping in a room with a wet floor that has only gotten worse but I don't have time to continue to report it. The iron board was finally delivered last night -only three days later. I can't make this joke up and some of my peers have no working AC in here so I guess I should feel 'lucky'! I will be filing a more formal complaint but figured I'd save others the hassle - heed my warning, STAY FAR AWAY, Nothing good here!

Positive: Ample parking, room was spacious. They allowed a late check out so that I could fit an unexpected call. Negative: Hotel is undergoing renovations, so there is quite a bit of noise; hotel has signs informing guests about that.

My mom told me, “when you can’t say anything nice about someone or something, don’t say anything at all.”   I’ll stick to this quote in referencing this hotel.   OMG

I have really thought about this.  There is NOTHING about this hotel that is attractive.  The cookies are even bad.  The parking lot is disgusting.   The lobby is dirty.   The rooms are subpar.   The security guard poses as a maintenance man and just tells you to turn and turn off the AC breaker in the room to jumpstart it.   The front desk clerk, male, is disrespectful to the other employees working there.   That is enough.   Horrible.  Stay far away from this place.

This absolutely is NOT a 4 star hotel. Maybe 20 years ago…but not today. Showed up to a room w a broken ac on a 94 degree day. No hand soap in bathroom, shampoo dispenser was broken off so theres no way to get shampoo. Room photos look way better on the website than in person. Strong lingering odor in the rooms. You can hear every foot step from upstairs and outside the hallway. Service is mediocre, not the most welcoming. A bit of a disappointment.

Location is very good just across the George Washington Bridge and you arrive Manhattan

Hotel is close to the town and many restaurants around it. May go back again.

We stayed here because it was Double Tree.
We stayed here because it was Hilton.
We stayed here because it was near Korean Town.

We regret so very much for staying here.

Positive: Nothing Negative: My bedding had stains there appeared to be blood.… I informed the hotel manager and he told me that he’ll correct it.… never corrected it, had to sleep on sofa under a blanket that I had to request from front deskWorst hotel experience I’ve hd

Positive: Friendly staff Negative: Check in agent was really friendly

I advise you not to think about staying here because the staff and the service are bad and the rooms are very, very bad as if I'm in a forest and the air conditioning is not cool. And the rooms are not clean and smell bad  The rooms have been changed more than once and it's very hot and they treat me dirty as if they gave me the rooms from their personal account.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Too much to list.

I am very dissatisfied with the front desk service at this hotel. It was already late on the night of my check-in, and the room temperature was very high. I called the front desk several times, but no one answered, so I had to go downstairs to inform the staff myself. I left my jacket in the closet and forgot to check it before checking out the next day. After leaving the hotel, I called the front desk and was transferred to three different people. I waited a long time and was asked the same questions each time. One of the male staff members who answered the phone was very rude and even said he couldn't find our check-in information. It's really ridiculous.In the end, they asked for my phone number to contact me later. After a few hours, they told me they did not have my jacket.I checked all my bags and there was no jacket. I am sure I left the jacket in the hotel room, but they insisted that they did not have it.

The hotel has apparently a great location, close to GW Bridge, BUT, you find out there is no walking access because the place is just in the middle of highways. Google maps shows a walking access in through a street in the back of the hotel but there is a forest and a close fence in there. They have a shuttle that takes you out to the closest bus stop (3 minutes away by the highways) but the only way to come back is paying an expensive uber or risking your life under the bridges and freeways.

Terrible Hotel — Stay Away!
This was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. The cleanliness was unacceptable — the rooms were dirty, old, and falling apart. The air conditioning didn’t work at all, so the room was hot and uncomfortable. Nothing looked like the photos on the website; it’s all outdated and poorly maintained. They did not provide what they promised online, and I felt completely ripped off.

On top of that, the staff were rude, unhelpful, and never responded when I needed assistance. They only care about squeezing every penny out of you with hidden charges and terrible service. It’s clear they don’t care about their guests at all. I strongly recommend you stay away from this place — don’t waste your time or money here. You’ll regret it!

من اسواء الاوتيلات اللي سكنتها بحياتي من ناحية الخدمة والنظافة للاسف انه 4نجوم ولا نجمه تقيمه الحمامات السيفون ما يشتغل والتلفون بالغرف ما يشتغل الخزنه خربانه الغرفة جدا وسخة في كل مكان وسخ وخدمة تنظيف الغرف جدا سيئة طلبت منهم تغير المفارش وطنشوا وغير اغراضي اللي ارجع والقاها مستخدمه اضطريت اضع نجمة من اجل التقييم وللاسف ليس بمستوى الفندق في المدن الاخرى

DoubleTree hotel 🏨 great 😊 잘 쉬다 갑니다.
남편.딸과 편하게 쉬다 가네요^^ 위치 상 우버/리프트를 자주 이용하긴 했지만 그리 비싸지 않아 여행하는데 불편함은 없었어요^^  아침에 마시는  ☕️커피 한잔이 너무 행복했습니다.  서비스도 좋았고 직원들 또한 친절해서 편했어요^^

Catfish hotel… wasn’t expecting anything super nice but it was dirty with trash everywhere behind the furniture, our room smelled like cigarettes, they didn’t have a public microwave for guests so we had to pay $15 A NIGHT to use a microwave which is incredibly ridiculous. A housekeeping lady walked into our room at 9 am without knocking while we first woke up then ran out without saying anything. The guy who brought us our $15 microwave for the night wouldn’t leave the room for 5+ minutes even though we told him we would plug it in ourselves. Like horrible experience, would not recommend whatsoever. You can find a much better hotel for the price, don’t make the same mistake we did

The room here is kinda old. There's a phone but it's not even working. Hahaha. But it's a good place to stay when your main destination is New York.
They don't serve breakfast tho.

This so-called three-star hotel doesn't even provide a microwave service. If you want to use it, you need to pay $15. It's a very bad hotel!

It was very good and calm in the hotel would recommend!👍

For a Hilton & the prices they're getting for their rooms these days, I expected more. The maintenance on these rooms is very poor. Lots of damage in walls, smears on walls, wallpaper coming off wall, just overall not what I expected. Hilton had literally left me hanging without a room many years ago in the searing heat & humidity of Louisiana. Their entire hotel lost power BUT they did not assist any of their hotel guests at getting new rooms or anything. Just left us ALL hanging. Contacted their corporate communications team & they did exactly NOTHING for me or any of the others. Needless to say, I reluctantly stayed at this Hilton. Didn't want to but did because of the outlandish prices per night in NY & NJ. The lobby at this hotel looks nice but it's the rooms, halls & other noticeable items you see when yiu start looking around. It's NOT impressive for the fees they're charging. Very likely best to stay at another newer construction hotel with a few more miles away. It's simply not worth your time or money!

Will say the guest service desk was very good, all else not impressed at all. My advice, stay anywhere except Hilton!

We were there in April 2025 when the hotel was under renovation. Rooms were old, some stuff were broken. But the worst part was their staff's attitude. They're not willing to help, especially the old man at front desk, who was super rude over the phone and just looked down on his phone when we arrived.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: The staff were very kind, cookies were delicious and free parking Negative: I expected it to be a bit nicer based on reviews and star ratings. There were little ants in our bathroom and bathroom sink was completely clogged

Positive: "" Negative: ""

There's only one way to hotel. GPS was wrong. Got a newly reno room. High floor.

Four star price, 2 star service .
I was in room 1507 My wife didn’t take the shower. It was no hot water. This place needs major renovation.!!!! “My wife is pregnant and she has a hard time breathing because there is too much dust. She was wakes up couple times with a sore throat.because , dust from carpet.
There are no towels or water in the fitness room, the hallway carpets are not cleaned, and the ice machine on the 15th floor is broken.
It feels like a hotel for group tourists. The Asian staff at the front desk don't seem to have been trained.
The hotel name is hilton but the interiors and rooms looks like a 2.5 star hotel .
l will not suggest this hotel if someone goes their for holidays with family

Beautiful place. Go there for church services for they have great conference rooms!

Regular at this hotel staying one day a week and also a HHonors Silver member. They are upgrading and it seems to be coming good. However, the new personnel they have at the front desk seem to be annoyed to see a guest in front of them as we are taking their precious time away from their phone. Especially this lady was rude when I asked when cookies would arrive (my favorite part of DoubleTree stays). She also told me water bottles are in the room when they were not. I told I was a Silver member and she shrugged her shoulders with a “who cares” look.

Hard to go around...only uber

Positive: "" Negative: It was 94� and they had no air conditioning on to save money. They turned it on at 9 PM and as soon as I went to bed, they turned it back off. I was up and down all night trying to get it to work again, they have a motion sensor to save money on air

We recently stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Fort Lee – George Washington Bridge with our 9-month-old and 4-year-old. While we were initially pleased to be placed in one of the updated rooms, the experience took a sharp turn for the worse.

Around midnight, our room flooded. With two young children, we had to pack everything up and move to a new room — which was not updated and lacked the quality we originally paid for. No one from the hotel offered help with the move, checked in with us afterward, or even acknowledged the inconvenience.

What made matters worse was the lack of hospitality overall. No one welcomed us when we arrived or greeted us when we left. It felt cold and impersonal — not the welcoming environment you expect from a Hilton brand.

I also paid an early check-in fee, which has not been refunded or even addressed, despite the major disruption to our stay.

Traveling with small children comes with enough stress — having to deal with a flooded room late at night and no follow-up or courtesy from staff was truly disappointing. I expected much more from this property.

The room was newly renovated. Nice!
The service was excellent and location is convenient enough to get to around New York and New Jersey.

I was there for a conference and the staff was very cordial and pleasant. Easy parking and great big conference rooms. Bathrooms were very clean, and the bar area was nicely lit and comfortable.

Positive: Proximity to MetLife Stadium and NYC Negative: Under renovation

Positive: location. Negative: old room and bad smells.

No pool or hot tub breakfast doesn't come with a room purchase

There are a lot of bad reviews on here, I’m shocked! I must say my experience was different. Apparently, my girlfriend and I had one of the newly renovated rooms, from what we were told. The reviews said some people had no hot water and no AC. When we checked in, those 2 things were the first things to check, because hot water and AC is a MUST! The room looked great. Great view of all the traffic coming on and off the GW Bridge. Overall, this was a great experience for a couple that was nervous about coming here at first. It seems the hotel is making strides on its aesthetic to the public, people have to be patient. 4/5 because when we tried to call the front desk, the phone wasn’t working. Great experience

Positive: Proximity to destination Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: Too noisy, there was construction going on next to my room (inside the hotel) and the workers were very loud, almost yelling  all morning. I complained at check out and was told the manager would call me but never heard back. Really bad experience overall

The pictures gave me a different impression of the hotel. People are nice however I had to change my room twice as there was no air in the room. The maintenance came and was pleasant but the front desk told me that they would come fix it in 5 mins and ended up waiting half an hour that put me late in  my event that I came in for. The hotel is a clean hotel but not modern overall I would give a 3 stars

The good: we stayed in a newly renovated room and it was really nice. Beds were comfy. Room was nicely cleaned every day. Water was provided daily which is nice. Check in was fast. Four pillows per bed. Bathroom towels were large.

The not so good: weirdly our room didn't have a bathroom trash can. Not a huge deal but annoying. We also didn't have any soap in the shower. There was a hook for it but nothing there. So we had to move the one provided bar from the sink to the shower. Again, not a huge deal but weird. We had no towel racks or hooks. So we had to hang them over the curtain rod or over the mirror in the bathroom.

The bad: you can't access any public transportation from here on foot. But...the shuttle they "provide" doesn't start till 10 and only goes to the bus stop not back. What kind of traveling is someone doing where 10am is the right time to start the day? They also don't mention this at all check in. So we were wandering around with three other families trying to follow google maps which shows that you can walk to a bus stop. So to go or return every day, we had to call an uber.

Additionally, one evening upon returning my mom and I thought, oh a tea sounds nice but we only were provided one bag of tea. We went to the desk and asked for another. We were very curtly told they didn't have that and we could go to the restaurant. When I said, but housekeeping clearly had this because it was provided , I was again curtly told no. This just didn't feel very "Hilton" to me. It felt like they could have taken my room number and problem solved this.

So- if you're staying and need to get to the city, uber to George Washington West bus stop and take the bus across to catch the A.  Annoying but easy.

"Terrible experience here. The room was clean, but that's where it ended. There was NO HOT WATER available for the shower, which is unacceptable. To make matters worse, the room was HOT ALL DAY as the AC wasn't working. I was sweating all night and couldn't get any rest.

I hope the hotel management takes these issues seriously and takes immediate action to fix their hot water and AC systems. Until then, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone."

This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in the US. Bar none. I know many hotels will indicate a 4pm check-in, but in 20 years of check-in experience I have never encountered a 4pm check-in. But I encountered it here. I can't say it's wrong because it was clearly written when I booked the room. This completely subverted my understanding of check-in time! In the hot New Jersey, the air conditioning automatically turned off after an hour. I searched the hotel twice, but it didn't work. I spent an unforgettable night sweating in a room with 82 degrees Fahrenheit (about 29 degrees Celsius)!!!

Stayed here expecting Hilton 4 star status and it was horrible. Yellow stained pillows, holes in the curtains, bathroom had mold and a toilet that wouldn't flush. Nothings been updated in this hotel since it was built and the current staff doesn't care to address any concerns. Take this hotel off your list if you're ever staying in the fort Lee area of New Jersey.

Sad to see this hotel decay from it’s glory days. Remnants of the old world, classic remain. Wholes in curtains, outlets that don’t work. Gym is not well kept. Pool is closed permanently. I hope they bring it back to its glory.

위치 최악!  고속도로 안의 감옥입니다 ㅋㅋㅋ
시설도 매우 낙후되었습니다.

This hotel is very near by NY. Very convenient to Go NY and NJ. Also, service is very nice and kind.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I rented 1 double room for the weekend, all the time there were loud noises from the room upstairs from remodeling, I mentioned this to the front desk and they refused to give me another room, it was difficult to rest at this hotel, also the location is not good at all, what a waste of money staying here

Frustrating Disorganization & Poor Communication – Lost Items Mishandled

I recently stayed here from April 10th - April 12th with a group of students, and the hotel’s handling of students lost items was shockingly disorganized and mishandled. The staff failed to follow basic protocols. When I contacted the hotel to arrange return shipping, I was told to provide a prepaid label (unlike other locations in the same chain that handle this seamlessly). Even after sending a shipping label and clear instructions, the hotel:
- Lost track of a confirmed item (an employee verified glasses were found, yet they weren’t shipped).
- Ignored follow-up emails and calls, requiring repeated explanations to staff.
- Shipped only partial items without true acknowledgment or apology of the missing item.

What should have been a simple resolution turned into days of wasted time and frustration. The lack of accountability from both front desk staff and management is unacceptable, especially for a hotel chain under the Hilton name. If you stay here, triple-check your room—and don’t expect help if anything is left behind.

The traffic near the hotel is always heavy

Hotel ótimo. Limpeza impecável do quarto. Tido muito bem cuidado.
O serviço de quarto não foi feito no segundo dia. Voltamos do nosso dia de turismo e o quarto estava sujo e as camas não forradas e isto foi ruim, mesmo pq o valor não foi baixo.

Great remodel! Very pleased

Front desk doesn’t care about the customer…omg!!!

"Terrible experience here. The room was clean, but that's where it ended. There was NO HOT WATER available for the shower, which is unacceptable. To make matters worse, the room was FREEZING COLD as the heating wasn't working. I was shivering all night and couldn't get any rest.

The situation was so unbearable that I had to leave the hotel at 5 am just to get out of the cold. I was really looking forward to a comfortable stay, but unfortunately, that wasn't the case.

I hope the hotel management takes these issues seriously and takes immediate action to fix their hot water and heating systems. Until then, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone."

Super nice and clean Hotel!. Great service, great location and great complement cookies.

so gross. Heat is broken. Room directly below construction, noisy. Poor management. No one should be checked in direly below the room with construction.

This is the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at. Construction started on the upper floor at 7:00 AM, the AC wasn’t working, and the manager did nothing except a sorry, and hang up the phone immediately . Terrible experience—definitely will never come back.

Not a good hotel. My husband got a skin rash from the hotel . Also very disappointed in the restaurant got food poisoning the whole family.

Good

trust me, do not stay here.  The rooms are dated, my heater unit did not work, the refrigerator was full of mold and non functional, the toilet barely flushed, the 25 dollar breakfast was reheated food that was inedible.  AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE

Working to improve some things which is nice to see. Friendly staff and great food in the restaurant.

Tenía algunas cosas rotas dentro de las habitaciones, o que funcionaban a medias. El agua caliente no es suficientemente caliente para invierno.
La ubicación es pésima, incluso si vas en auto, hay que dar tremenda vuelta para llegar al hotel. Barato no es.

Confortable place to staycation

Good hotel

I recently stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Fort Lee - George Washington Bridge, and I strongly advise against staying here. This was one of the most unpleasant hotel experiences I’ve had, and I’m shocked this property carries the Hilton name.

The room was outdated, dark, and depressing—nothing like the photos or the 4-star rating it claims. It felt like stepping into a hotel frozen in time, with minimal effort to maintain or upgrade the space.

The worst part was the smell. From the moment I entered, there was a lingering, sickening odor that only intensified when I tried to use the heater. The smell made me physically ill. Turning off the heater didn’t solve the problem; the odor remained, and I was left freezing in the room. There was no way to feel comfortable.

The towels were disgusting, clearly not properly washed or replaced, and smelled foul—almost as if they had been reused from a previous guest.

To make matters worse, I could hear conversations from other guests during the late night hours (around 2-3 a.m.), making it impossible to get restful sleep.

Adding insult to injury, the in-room phone didn’t work, which meant that any time I needed something, I had to physically go downstairs to speak to the front desk. This is completely unacceptable for any hotel, let alone one branded as Hilton.

I cannot stress this enough—this hotel is a disaster. Until it undergoes a major overhaul, avoid it at all costs. It does not live up to the Hilton standard and is absolutely not worth the price.

I had the house keeper clean the room and the girl took my wife’s earrings. Breakfast is always cold. I booked the presidential suite and I might as well stayed in a motel 6. The room had stains all over the carpet, the tables were broken, chairs were broken, stuff all over the windows. I went to use the gym and the door was locked. The front desk agent told me to make a complaint against his co worker. Instead of throwing someone else under the bus which makes everyone else look bad. They should have a checklist. As a diamond member I would never come back to this hotel.

This place was absolutely horrible! We prepaid a 5 day stay through Expedia that was supposed to include breakfast and microwave in the room. We arrive to learn that breakfast was an extra $25 per person, per day. We walk into the room to see no microwave so I call downstairs. Again, another $15 fee per day if we want a microwave. Then we learn the toilet doesn't flush and had to call maintenance.  The next morning I learn the coffee maker is broken. Then the refrigerator stopped working. Noise level was also ridiculous at early morning. I made countless attempts to address with with the hotel staff yet no one cared. The room was semi clean and dated. Lastly, on our last night we were startled by a harsh knocking at our door at 5:50am that claimed to be responding to a "noise complaint" on a floor that was dead silent.
The only decent thing about this place was the location. Otherwise it's a disgrace. I will definitely be talking to my bank about the $207 per night I was charged for half of the amenities upon arrival and horrible experience. Shame on this place!

I really enjoyed myself I will come back again and I will invite people to come

Great place to stay. LOVE the view, very clean and comfortable.

The Doubletree Hotel in Fort Lee is not a 4 star hotel. Service was poor during my stay. Bathroom was dirty, called to have it cleaned. I have pictures and honestly not worth what they’re charging. I’m extremely disappointed that a Hilton hotel is in this condition.

힐튼 메이커를 기대하기엔 어려움.
직원들은 대체적으로 친절함.
방음이 잘되지않음.
대략 2.5성 정도의 호텔느낌.

The hotel is in need of renovations throughout, older building that’s rundown
Nothing within walking distance.
Pool is condemned. Gym is in poor condition.
Continental breakfast is an extra $25. Per person
Second floor parking area is a local drifting spot
Located on a very busy highway.

This is NOT a 4 star hotel as advertised. The photos are VERY misleading. From the carpet to the bathroom tile and countertops this property is very outdated. Upon arrival at 2am I had to switch rooms due to lack of cleaning. The room was dusty, food crumbs were left near the refrigerator and the sheets were stained. I attempted to call downstairs and to no avail. The phone was inoperable. Water stains were spotted throughout the ceiling in the second room,  the iron did not work, the toilet was extremely low, hair particles were left in the sink and the water did not properly drain from the sink causing it to fill with water. It was noted at the front desk that the property will undergo renovations in 2025. Until then be advised and book accordingly. To add, the cookies were hard as a rock. Very cold, very nasty, very much not like Hilton. #HiltonHonorsMember

False advertising. Part of the reason we chose this hotel was because it says there is a shuttle service for transportation directly to manhattan. This is not true, the shuttle brings you to the bus stop right next to the bridge.

Just need a community microwave for people that bring their own food.

El hotel esta en NJ y cuenta con traslado al paradero de buses que van a Manhattan… no es una buena alternativa para quienes visitan NY por primera vez ya que demora como 30 minutos por parte baja, y a la salida de camino de ese hotel se hace un taco tremendo.

Nos recibieron muy bien, nos regalaron una galleta. El hotel se nota que tiene muchos años pero esta bien mantenido, muy limpio. Las habitaciones son espaciosas y tienen buen olor. El baño es grande, hay un mini refrigerador y la tv tiene netflix. Cuenta con desayuno buffett que tiene  un costo de 12 usd aprox. y vale la pena pagarlos porque es muy completo, y todo fresco.

I want to like it because of the location but with the traffic and the twists and turns to get there no way! The hotel is old and creepy. The guy at breakfast was nice but I would only stay again if I had to. It's not worth me paying the bridge especially.

The man at check in was not nice, he had a very bad attitude, he is not customer friendly. The location of the hotel is not for people coming by foot, that was very disappointing. I went to the hotel restaurant and that was a big mistake. I ordered a veggie burger, the guy just came and dropped it on the table and went back to talk to his coworkers. I needed some mayo and it took 6 minutes for them to stop talking and turn around. I wouldn't recommend this hotel if the workers are not properly trained in customer service. I also would not recommend this hotel if you don't have a car.

Nice hotel being remodeled great price

Extremely disappointed. I had booked ahead of time and was ready for my trip. Due to the loss of a family member I was not able to make my trip. Expedia was extremely helpful in contacting the hotel regarding a cancellation for a full refund which they denied. This was something unexpected and it is such a difficult time that we are going through and the hotel did not care. They cared more about them making their money. Extremely disappointed.

Perfect location to walk the GW Bridge to Manhattan. Friendly service and decent breakfast. Rooms are dated but water pressure in shower was great. Sheets are soft and pillows are comfortable as well as the beds. Cable TV nice selections. Love the warm cookies you get at check in. Staff exceptionally nice!

Rooms where incredibly dirty and when I called down to the front desk to mention it and try to get a suite that I wasn't asking them to cover they ignored my request. Asked for Watters that I should get for free for being a diamond member and they told me there was 2 in the room. They charged 3 dollars each for them. Horrible experience and was very expensive

I read a lot of reviews about the hotel prior to coming in and decided to give it the benefit of the doubt. The location or how to get there wasn't an issue as I took an Uber from NY to the hotel. Once there, we were greeted and given our room key within 5 minutes. I paid for a King size bed however I got a Queen size. I went to take a shower, and the water was less than warm. I was looking forward to hot water as I enjoy my showers. This issue prompted us to ask for a room switch. We were switched promptly, the water was hot when we tried it prior to leaving the first room, but when I got in to take a shower, it was again less than warm. Disappointed to say the least. This second room was super hot, so we changed the thermostat to 70, as it was at 80. It seemed to change the number on the thermostat, however, we were tired and went to sleep hoping it will change the room temperature. It was super hot. The temperature never changed. By morning we notified it and it was almost time to checkout, and they offered to send someone to take a look at it, which we declined due to the time and we were already getting ready to leave.
--
I chose this place because it's a "4-star" hotel. It should be. But it isn't. It was more like a 2-star. I've been at 3-star hotels and the experience has been better than this. A Doubletree by Hilton should never receive reviews like this one. Not sure if it's the location, but whatever it is, isn't deserved by anyone hoping to enjoy a hotel stay.
--
I was celebrating my husband's birthday and wanted a nice place to end the night. I suppose I'm lucky we were both tired. He was definitely disappointed which ruined my mood, because I go above and beyond to celebrate his life. And this was definitely a wrench in my surprises. Luckily he enjoyed everything prior to the stay.
--
If you still choose to go there despite the reviews, because you can't afford better or because you'd give it the benefit of the doubt... be prepared for it; so that it doesn't infuriate you. Good luck.

This is Mrs Simone.  I have to say that George, Fernando and William went above and beyond for me. My husband had surgery and the staff really put me at ease even when i thought they would keep my husband an extra night at hospital. It was World Series and hotel was booked up yet they told me if i need a room during my emergency, they’ll find a room for me. They made me feel wonderful. God bless them - truly special ppl.  The view from my window was so pretty in daytime and at night.
The food at the restaurant was very good plus they had gluten free pasta for my shrimp scampi.
My room was clean, shower had good pressure and plenty of hot water.
I would stay here again and i recommend this hotel.

Night manager Mr Wyka is the best.
Best hotel in tri state

Best place to stay customer service beyond expectations

I hope you don't have leftovers from lunch/dinner because there are no microwaves in the entire building.  Otherwise the place was nice for the price

Khách sạn đã xây dựng lâu rồi.

If you want a place that you can’t physically walk to, then DoubleTree by Hilton is the place to go!

Maps told us it’s walkable, but it isn’t. Getting in touch with this hotel without calling is a nightmare. They were unresponsive via our booking service, the information was incorrect on the service site about check-in times and we couldn’t get in touch, even after messaging the Hilton official chat, who gave us the wrong email (shout out to DoubleTree Jersey).

We had a pretty rude experience with room service, who also didn’t give us towels (to our surprise) and our keycards (twice in our three days) deactivated and we had to go back to reception to get this sorted. And then walked back down to reception again because there were no towels in our room. They had been taken but not replaced.

After our intrepid journey through the bank down the back to be able to walk into the hotel, we did have several positive experiences. Cookies and a free shuttle to the bus stop that runs every hour.

In summary, stay here if you have a rental/lots of money for ride shares, and also stay here if you don’t shower and want to be constantly locked out of your room 🫶 we definitely won’t be staying here again.

It was nice to stay.I will stay again for my next trip.P.S  Can I get the receipt in English?

There are no walking areas nearby.

Very quiet location. Nice bar and restaurant on the premises.  Decent breakfast buffet.

For a Hilton 4 star hotel we're incredibly disappointed with our stay and actually cut it short. Stayed 1 night with an 18 month old and 4 year old. AC is not working! Like at all. Our room was set to 70° (couldn't set it any lower) but stayed at a steady 78° all night. They offered us a new room, which was set to 68° but stayed at 75° so not helpful and otherwise their excuse was "it's an older hotel". I normally stay at Marriott brand hotels and this is a good reminder as to why.

Update: despite being assured the manager would call when we checked out that never happened. I've contacted Hilton directly and filed a complaint and requested a refund. This hotel hung up when corporate tried to call them directly.

가격대비 완전 비추
단체관광객 전용 호텔 느낌
이런 호텔이 어떻게 4성인지 의문스러움
미국 전역에 널린 holiday Inn보다 못함
시설노후. 비누는 빨래비누 수준.
하루 숙박에 수백불하는 호텔에 물도 제공안함
카운터 불친절(이건 캐바캐)
위치는 최악. 차없이는 접근불가.
고속도로 가운대 호텔있다고 보면됨
버스 타고 내려서 눈앞에 보이는 호텔을 택시불러서 돌아서 들어가야됨.
걸어서 호텔 절대 진입불가.
아 주변에 머 없음.
관광객이면 미리 머든 사서 호텔들어가야됨

Hello
I just come in the hotel for check in but the lady at front desk her name is triffany she was soo rude and she give my Q/A reply very rude i was really really disappointed i will never chose hilton again i feel like I’m living in the room like free the way she talked to me

Hilton should be ashamed of themselves to rent these rooms. To say its dated is an understatement. The room was dirty I could write my name in the dust on the alarm clock cord. There were piles of debris around the bed. Curtains dirty sheets stained. Icing on the cake was the yellow jacket hornet in my shower. If you can avoid it DONT stay here. Dirty dirty dirty.

It's too bad we can't give half stars, because I'd give this place a 3.5.

The staff is very good, very friendly and supportive, given the location they work in.

A few points:
- the food at the restaurant is quite good, and the portions are quite large. The wait staff is also very good and exceptionally attentive. No complaints with that at all.

- the cookies are a nice touch. They're warm and pretty good. I don't feel so bad for them giving me diabetes because they're so tasty.

- the rooms are relatively clean, with the exception of the wall plugs/usb outlets, which, for lack of a better way of explaining it, are hairy (I've attached a picture). I almost feel my USB cord needs protection being plugged into this.

- the showers are terrible. The water pressure is as strong as cat piss. I've had better water pressure at a $20/night hostel in Peru. The shower head looks like it hasn't been cleaned since the Obama administration, and it's starting to compete with Lady Liberty for deepest copper green... On top of that, the faucet is falling off.

- I forgot to bring a UV light, so couldn't check for stains, but the room looks pretty clean, and no major stinks or anything.

- the elevators sound like they're about to die. Not one of them, all of them. The sounds don't really inspire confidence going up.  Video attached, turn on the sound.

Hopefully the Hilton sees this and fixes these problems. If it helps, I was at room 1106 on October 8, 2024. Sam (working the late night at the front desk) was very helpful and apologetic and handled it well. He and the Latino host/waiter at the restaurant (older gentleman) were the service highlight of the stay, give these guys raises, they're good people you should keep.

I recently stayed at DoubleTree Hilton Fort Lee and was extremely disappointed with my experience. The room I was assigned was incredibly noisy due to poorly sealed windows, and the heating/AC system was completely non-functional. The overall condition of the room was poor, with furniture that appeared to be falling apart.
Despite emailing the hotel manager about these issues over a month ago, I have yet to receive a response. This lack of customer service is unacceptable, especially for a Hilton brand hotel.
I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Save your money and sleep in your car if you have to!

The soundproofing is terrible. I could clearly hear conversations from the room next door and the constant sound of doors opening and closing all night long, which seriously disrupted my sleep. It was incredibly frustrating.

To add to the inconvenience, the hair conditioner was missing on the first day of my stay. I didn’t realize it until I was already in the shower, which made the situation even worse. As a Diamond member, I expected a much better experience and attention to detail.

Hopefully, these issues get addressed for future guests.

This place is very inconvenient there is no store or gas station nearby or anything at a walking distance. If you plan to travel to New York, it will be very expensive to UBER and if you drive you would need to pay toll to cross the bridge. The pool is closed under construction and the gym equipment is very old and the place smells like mold.

Only gave 1 star because there were no minus button options!
Seriously an absolute joke that it's rated as 4 star!
Situated on a freeway with no way of getting in and out of there unless you drive or uber.
Advertise they have a shuttle bus that we were told would take us to the bus station then the driver just dropped us off at a stop on the freeway and as tourists we had no idea where we were supposed to go and mind you the shuttle bus only runs for a few hours in the morning.
Elevator didn't work twice in the 4 days we were there, aircon worked when it felt like it, shower was disgusting, ice machine didn't work, food from the restaurant tasted like a frozen dinner reheated, absolutely ruined our whole stay in New York.
If you're looking to save a couple dollars by staying here...DON'T!!)
We have travelled extensively throughout Australia, Europe & America and stayed at everything from 5 star to backpackers lodge & this was bar far the worst accommodation we've had anywhere in the world.
Stay away

During our stay at the hotel from 09/18/24 to 09/28/24, we experienced a disappointing level of service, especially considering the hotel's association with the prestigious DoubleTree by Hilton brand. The service fell far below the standard motel.

The room size, beds, sofa, and fridge were relatively okay, but the service was terrible. My colleague and I almost suffocated due to the lack of airflow. When we tried to adjust the thermostat, we found that maintenance had locked it to conserve energy. After calling maintenance, the thermostat was reprogrammed, and the air conditioning worked for one day but stopped for the rest of our stay, forcing us to open the window to sleep.

As we arrived around midnight and left around 5:30 AM daily, morning coffee was essential to us. However, we had to call and remind the staff to provide coffee almost daily. Additionally, we never had sugar for a single day. Whenever we asked for sugar, they gave us equal sweeteners, so we ended up buying our sugar. The towels were not provided properly either. One night, we found the towel rack empty. We called the front desk, and the room service attendant who delivered the towels was rude.

On 09/26/24, it was evident that the trash cans had not been emptied, the water glasses had not been replaced, the restroom had not been cleaned, and one bed had been left unmade. Should management choose to dispute this, we have photographic evidence with date, time, and location tags to support our claims The hotel appears to prioritize the Asian tourist market while neglecting the needs of US customers.

The infrastructure and service warrant a comprehensive inspection by the authorities. The management might respond to this post, but it will not change the fact that this is a "One-Star Hotel." The cleanliness and maintenance issues in the rooms and common areas are unacceptable for a hotel with the reputable "DoubleTree by Hilton" brand. From stained carpets to malfunctioning amenities, the overall experience was disappointing. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable and pleasant stay.

Terrible hotel. Avoid at all costs! Honestly I don’t know how this hole is still in business
Don’t go unless you really don’t have other option. It’s super outdated and has bed bugs. I complained and they said there’s no bed bugs there even though me and my partner had marks
It felt super weird sleeping in there almost like a motel
Completely doesn’t match the Double Tree standards from other locations they need to do better and before they do I’m not returning
I recommend the Hyatt right next door if you really need to stay in the area
It’s a money grab at this point because it’s a Double Tree so ppl will book regardless because of the name and most won’t check the current reviews. I don’t think they’ll ever renovate that place if people keep booking

The room was pathetic the beds were uncomfortable and the air conditioning isn’t working in the rooms. Not worth the money they ask for, Hilton should rather invest in this hotel and improve the architecture and basic amenities in this hotel. The staff at front desk when complaint about the room was rude. I checked in yesterday evening the Asian looking lady was rude and failed to accommodate our requests saying all the rooms are the same. The hotel has charged me usd 1300 for three nights this isn’t the experience I was looking for.

Disappointed, very rude of the staff I booked my nights stay true at party, and I did pay extra for cancellation fee, and time for my trip my daughter got sick and end up in the ICU unit so I had to cancel the trip and when I asked for refund, they were very rude about it ,manger was very rude and unfriendly, This was a cancellation that couldn’t be helped and was my husband 60th birthday. I just couldn’t leave my daughter and ic the hotel is very disappointing. Never go back there because they could’ve waive a courtesy if they wanted to, but I guess I had to pay extra because anybody going to the hotel so I will pay for an empty hotel. That’s how they make the money.😂😂😂

BEWARE!! My parents stayed here inJuly 2024. Horrible bedbug infestation that led them to throw a bunch stuff out and have bite marks all over. It is obviously not kept up to usual hilton standards regarding cleanliness.

Worst double tree on the face of the planet. All the negative reviews about the AC are correct. Hot air all night. Didn't get a second of sleep. Tried calling the front desk for a few hrs. Even went down to the lobby to find no one. Eventually someone from hotels.com had to reach out to them. Finly spoke to somebody and all they wanted to do was send somebody up to our room to "reset the AC unit". At this point at quarter to 5:00 in the morning it's a little too late for any of that. At that point we just wanted to check out. To the point where we asked for a refund and she said that we'd have to call a different number that they couldn't give us a refund and they'll see what they can do. Avoid this place at all costs

Super disappointed 😔
This hotel runs under Hilton brand however its full of failures. Old, Not clean and AC does not working properly. Definitely not recommended hope you see my comments before you make your decision! Thanks!

포트리근처위치
미국호텔은정말 낡고, 지저분한곳이 많은듯 , 한국호텔 생각하면… 최악 ㅠㅠ
이호텔 비추 ㅠㅠ
너무 낡고, 쿰쿰 ㅠㅠ

Noce

My husband booked this room. Had I read the reviews, I would have never selected this hotel.
This hotel is exactly how the others describe it. Dated, dated, dated. The 80's called, they want their style back.
We were first put in a room that the a/c was not working. We asked to switch and they did so without hesitation.
The second room, while spacious, it seemed clean, but looking at it closer, there were food crumbs on the floor next to the bed and sound of dripping water all night.
I am glad we were here just to catch some shut eye for a few hours before hitting the road again. I do not recommend this place. It needs a major overhaul.
The gentleman at the front desk was pleasant.
This hotel has definitely seen better days.

Arrived and room was 81 degrees, was given a new room that smelled like smoke and some time during the night the A/C stopped functioning as well in the new room. Definitely not worth the stay unless you like being warm

This did not meet the double tree standard at all, usually I’m very comfortable at this chain but this location was by far the worst. The location was awful, nothing walkable - shuttle service is sketchy.

To make it worse, they don’t have anything there. They don’t include microwaves, they won’t let you use microwaves, if you go to the restaurant and ask they’ll tell you they can’t let you either. So good luck eating, you will have to pay an Uber both ways every single time. We finally got a microwave after 2 days of complaining and they wouldn’t provide any plates, plastic containers, or anything.

And if you do bring food back - you better eat it in your room. The entire lobby is a bar and restaurant, even when they aren’t open you aren’t allowed to sit at a table and eat without rudely being asked to leave.

They don’t have hygienic products for purchase, like a toothbrush or deodorant either. And they don’t have first aid kits, I cut myself badly and was given cotton pads - this is crazy, what hotel doesn’t have a first aid kit at least for their own staff??

And to top it all off, the room:
- AC didn’t work when we got to the room and it was 82 degrees
- they fixed the ac but it was stuck at one temperature with only one vent, so one side of the room was hot constantly
- no microwave, they’ll let you rent one for 15$ a day but that was only after me complaining for days
- mattresses that don’t cover the metal bed frame so be prepared to stub your toes the entire trip
- the door to my room had obvious signs that someone broke in previously, couldn’t get the door to close all the way without fidgeting with it

If you’re trying to go to the city, you’re better off staying another 5-10 minutes into Jersey. The Ubers end up more expensive at this location because of where it is in the highway system.

Overall incredibly disappointed, if I knew it was going to be this bare minimum I’d have stayed in the Bronx.

0/10 experience. HORRIBLE, Inconvenient, outdated. Those are the words I would use to describe this hotel. I wouldn’t recommend this place.

Location is NOT convenient at all if you are trying to get to the city (NYC).. the shuttle only starts running at 12p and only runs once an hour. Very lazy work. They only drop off and do not pick up. For a hotel located on the highway, that is terrible.

The inside is outdated. The rooms have peeled walls. The rooms only get cold when the AC is on 68 degrees. When you take it lower the room “stays hot.” I will never book here, I blame Hotwire.

The rooms are old fashion and the beds are old not comfortable and there is no amenities

I stayed at your location in Fort Lee NJ. Friday 8/23/2024 into 8/24/24, just a one night stay but I'm happy it was only one night. The experience at your hotel well extremely embarrassing to the double tree name and even more for the amount you guys are charging per night. The basic needs of a hotel was barely met, staff was amazing I will get that out the way but the property itself should be closed for renovation. The AC unit not working longer than a few hours is ridiculous. Having to call your security/maintenance/house keeper ever few hours to rest set the system is ridiculous in the year 2024 along from us being in America vs a third world country. List of things that were extremely below budget such as the doors to the furniture lose and uneven. The security door latch not screwed in fully, the toilet seat being lose, using would to balance the furniture in the room but not taking the time to hide it made me feel as though i was in a motel. Now this hotel being a place to just sleep on date night we dealt with the disrespect only staying a totally of fee hours.

I requested a microwave didn't get one.  Ask the auditor if there's anywhere I can reheat my food? No microwave available. Had broken glass on the bathroom floor, went to the same clerk to be told he had no access to a broom & dustpan. So I had to use towels to push glass into the corner and wear flip flops everytime I entered the bathroom to be sure I didn't step onto any glass. I don't believe for a moment that a hotel don't have access to brooms or microwaves, I feel he just didn't want to assist me.  Like what hotel will leave glass and risk a guest being hurt? Door to the fridge drags across the carpet when you open it, had to get new keys for both rooms because they stopped working, breakfast not included, drip from shower, simply everything was just bad. Whitney at the front desk was great.

Good hotel.   Good restaurant on premise.

I’ll start off with the fact that my personal experience with the actual hotel room was fine. Beds were pretty standard, soft pillow, soft mattress beds.

I however have a bone to pick when it comes to the location of this hotel. There is ABSOLUTELY NO WAY to get this hotel by anything but car/uber which was not clearly stated anywhere. My group and I used public transportation to get near the hotel and went insane trying to find a singular walking route to the hotel (mind you there is none because it’s fully on a highway unless you find the hole in the fence and scale a literal hill). When we asked about shuttle service of some sort, we were told the shuttle runs somewhere between 12pm-7pm which simply isn’t during times that people would need to use it and frankly they weren’t even clear as to where it goes.

Overall, just highly inaccessible unless you’re will to spend a ton of money leaving and entering the hotel everyday.

Very convinient location...you need to rent a car to stay here

Csme on a business trip so they booked.

One of the best Double Tree hotels we have stayed in, and they actually give you the warm 🍪!

Lugar hermoso y mágico

I'm Hilton Hotel person, but this time I had the worst experience ever, I selected SUITE but to my surprise was that I selected the oldest suite ever($400/night) it as well had very bad cleaning, refrigerator door has grease finger prints on it, they offer a sofa-bed as I pull it I see it's full of yellow stains  on it, carpet with dark spots. The walls need urgent painting and some spots the wall paper is Peeling, on the bathtub ceiling the drywall needs urgent repair and paint, in bathtub the cold water is the hot water this is something very important when you travel with kids, and I can keep pointing out stuff that needs to be fixed. This is the first time that I have had a bad experience, I would not recommend this Hotel.
Location it's great 25 minutes for Times Square.

First off this is a great location. And they have a free parking garage two floors. There is NO DIVERSITY within the staff. They all cousins. There is no FREE breakfast. They want you to pay $26 per person and charge it to your room for the typical 3star complementary breakfast buffet style all other hotels do. You don’t get a menu n service for that price. Just everyone breathing over the food n everything for $26 per person. Pool is listed but has been down since Covid and they have no plans to re open it. They said they are having it removed. Overall the 1 star is for the location. And the beds are comfy. But if you can just go to a better hotel. Priceline has this listed as a 4star but it’s giving 2 star.. a bay mount is better than this hotel.

The AC kept going out. There was bedbugs on the bed. Constant inching. Some sockets weren't working. It says the pool is available but it was under construction. Walls are thin you can hear other guest conversations etc. But Everything else was ok.

Excellent hotel to stay at. Conveniently located right on the highway in Fort Lee across from the GWB. No wait ever, rooms readily available and super clean. Friendly staff, always feel taken care of and affordable!

!!! DO NOT STAY HERE !!!

!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS PROPERTY  !!!

Can NOT stress this enough... if you have a choice, DO NOT stay here !!!

08/07 : UPDATE :Going over my statements, realize that when I checked out, the front desk insisted on my signatures. When I stated the room was prepaid, I was told that the online charge was a hold and had to sign for the stay. Turns out they charged me twice for the same amount. funny how they didn't catch that they got paid twice but if I had not paid, they would have called the police on the spot)
Thank god for AMEX that I was able to dispute thee charge from this SCAM place. BEWARE.

THIS PROPERTY IS WORSE THAN A CHEAP MOTEL !!!

07/21/24 - We stayed here for a wedding so not much choice as this was where everyone stayed. (Paid $260 for 1 night )

Day prior to check in, got email from HIlton to E-check in from the app, picked room # 303.

Checked in close to 4 pm so all rooms should have been available.

Front desk tells us floor is booked out but they can accomodate us in room # 308. Room was a furnace and with Two minor kids, Temprature in the room was 80 degrees. trip back to the front desk, lady stated tech would be up in a few minutes. Waited 30 minutes and back at front desk, they tell me they can put us in room 303 which has suddenly become available.

Check in, everything's working, we leave the room around 6 for the wedding and the AC is starting to climb up to around 70 degrees. Come back at 11:30 pm to a rooms which was 75 degrees. Called the front desk to be told, tech would come who never showed up.

To top of off, the toilets backed up a few times and every flush is a mystery

Come to find out, other members in the party on the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 11th and 15th floors  had the same non working AC but none of us had a choice and were all told "Tech is on his way."  They seem to be able to keep the AC running in the lobby at a cool 65 degrees though.

How has Hilton not SHUT down this franchise is beyond me !!

Response to all these reviews by the franchise owner is to reach out to support but wont fix the problems or compensate customers as per hotel staff as issue's are well known and have been lingering for a while !!!

UPDATE : 24 hours since we got the " Reach out to Hilton support" standard response on all these reviews but no one has reached out to correct this shoddy experience.

I had a good experience at this hotel. It is dated but clean and I was told that it will be renovated next year. I give it a 10 out of 5 for the service in the cafe! Jordan and the team made my mom and I feel like we were at home and the breakfast was delicious!

I booked a room because my family and I were coming from a trip. I searched the nearest hotel and saw they had a pool for my kids. Its the Hilton so why would I not trust the pictures? and the clerk who refused to give me his name or the managers name for a refund try justifying that they have no pool pictures on their website as you can see they have two pools in the pictures above I am guessing to mislead guest. His next excuse was that thats not their official website-😑. I never checked in because my kids wanted a pool and I never heard from them or got a refund. Horrible front staff service and apparently steal peoples money because I never even used their services but they sure took my money.

Hotel Internet doesn't allow video game consoles to connect. Air Conditioning in entire hotel was out of service for approximately 8-hours.

First room they put us in had no air. Second room the temp only went to 70 (way too warm to sleep comfortably with two hotbox people), and the actual temp in the room wouldn't get below 76. Then at 11am lost air completely. Would have demanded a refund, but I just wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible.

The ac was broken so you have to call people to fix it but my dad know how to do so we good nice lobby but it is dumb hot you have to take a big loop to get to it off the high way

I already wrote a review and it has not been posted as of 2 weeks ago. Reading all other reviews they seem to be the same. To the OWNER! WHY DONT YOU SHUT THIS HOTEL DOWN. THE MANAGER TOLD ME ITS 40 YEARS OLD. OK POINT. HE SAID THEY WERE RENOVATING. MY DAUGHTER SNEEZED  CONTINOUSLY IN OUR 4TH ROOM CHANGE. FELL OFF THE BED. A/C WAS A BIG PROBLEM
WE THOUGHT MOLD IS THE PROBLEM. SEEMS LIKE THE HOTEL HAS THE A/C RIGGED UP ON THERE BEHALF.

The reason this is getting 2 stars is because the staff was responsive and came up right away. As a person who frequents Hilton hotels, I was very disappointed. The air conditioning system was atrocious. We stayed 2 nights, and I had to call the front desk 4 times because the unit would kick off. Each time, the technician would do a reset on the unit, which would solve the issue for a few hours, but would never last when you needed it to. I struggled both nights to stay cool and enjoy a night of sleep because of how hot it gets within the room. Being out all day, having a functioning air conditioning unit was the one relief I was hoping to have when coming back to the room. I would not recommend this hotel, and will not be returning when I’m around East Rutherford again.

The negative review is common in this place and I focus my point on gym room hot temperature control. With a 78 degree on the controller which is not changeable, there was no cool air moving. Hot!

The cable TV dead too!

I did tell the front desk about the issue.

I will revisit the GYM tomorrow, if no changes found, I will give a 0 ⭐.

This hotel was in a great location from the wedding I attended over the weekend. Plenty of parking overnight.We traveled several times into Times Square which was 20-30m from this hotel.

During my check-in Hong Tae was amazing greeted me with a pleasant smile on his face and offered me a warm cookie. My first room wouldn’t have been my choice.  I will say some of the furniture did have visual wear/tear marks but that wasn’t an issue for me because the room was cleaned and well organized. My main concern was the adjoining/connector room.

I kindly asked Hong Tae if I could be assigned to another room instead. Hong Tae didn’t hesitate he assigned me a second single room within minutes and provided me with a bottle of water for my troubles. No issue to report with my second room. Housekeeping was able to bring me extra towels and washcloths upon my request.  As the reviews stated this is an outdated hotel the lobby does give a luxury look, but I believe it depends on the room you’re assigned if you will give positive reviews.

A Complete disappointment !!!!

Here is no swimming pool permanently.
Staff said when checked in.
Please don't misunderstanding through swimming and hot tub pictures.

Great place to stay on the other side of GW Bridge.  Pretty easy to get to, great amenities.

The location was the only thing positive about this place. I hate to be negative and I love leaving positive reviews, but I can’t for this hotel. Front desk staff was so dismissive and their customer service skills were lacking. Also, we asked for more towels after arriving because we had 2 in the room. This took 3 phone calls and about 4 hours before we got towels. The air conditioning also did not work. Was blowing out warm air part of the night. Not comfortable for sure. Outdated. Lastly, was told breakfast started at 6 so I went down to get coffee and was told to wait 30 minutes because they were setting up. Like I said, only thing convenient was the location as to where we were going the next day. I will not be back though.

We booked for 4 days and out of that 2 days ghetto rooms were not cleaned. No service of any kind after 4 pm. The reception does-not have basic first aid kit, only small bandage. I had to get it via uber in urgency.

Horrible experience to the point i had to just rebook another place for the remainder of my trip.
A.C kept breaking down all night evety couple hours. Hotel staff was nice but a bit all over the place and they just refused to even change rooms or anything. The washroom taps were leaking all night and the room carpet was all wet. Most absurd stay ever had.

We stayed because of location, and being Hilton honors members thinking we be served better, but that doesn’t matter. Overall, don’t book with third parties and in the king non smoking room there’s no microwave but a night average $189-$149 maybe more on holidays. This place need to update their rooms.

Location is very very very bad and then Service it’s not friendly. Trust me you were not enjoy this place. That’s why it’s $20 cheaper than every other place.

I stayed there from June 7th to the 10th. On the night of June 7th I wad watching TV laying in bed in the dark, and I see this a bug on the nightstand table, it was a cockroach. The next morning I told the front desk and the girl even took picture of my phone where I showed her the pictures. Manager never got back to me, on the day of checkout I asked to speak with the manager and a Hispanic man named Jose told me he couldn't do anything because I booked it through Priceline. The  when I call priceline and a representative from Priceline calls the hotel, all of a sudden they don't recall anything of that sort of complain. Well the only thing I can do is leave a review with pictures. Hope this helps everyone

AC did not work in room and it's one of these "used to be" hotels, that needs renovation. It's old and stale. The staff was great tho.

This property is definitely in need of updates. Feels rundown from the parking lot and into the building. Front desk associates are generally pretty dismissive and don’t really care if there are any issues. I have stayed at this property a few times and it seems to just be getting worse. This stay will be my last for sure.

air conditioner did not work at all  with so much noises and we had to change the room. When we talked about this problem, hotel manager did not apologies for any trouble we had.A phone in the room did not work as well. there were hairs in an towel and a sheet and so much dust in the room cabinet.I would not visit this hotel again. it was terrible experience

Defective air conditioning, it was repaired at night but was damaged later.

Nice room. Great TV in room. Room was not available at check in.

Terrible services, we have gone with my family to better hotels in the Hilton chain with Doubble Tree by Hilton. We had good expectations but it was a terrible musty smell, the room was dirty, the maids started talking early outside our room. The truth is, we didn't sleep well in the pool either. It was available as it is a 4 star hotel it does not comply if I could give it a 0 I would

Perfect!

Great lounge

Hello I just want to ask what is your gmail?

Good location and plenty of parking. The pool & gym are under renovation, though the gym is still usable. The gym is definitely in need of a refresh, and there was nothing to clean at the gym.
Service at the bar was good. Rooms were dated, and there were obvious signs of ware. The rooms were very clean though.

Was hard to get a good night's sleep when the HVAC either made an incredible noise or did not work at all. We stayed on a floor with a broken ice machine and walls thin enough to permit coughing and other noises from the guests next door. The free tier of WiFi was barely adequate for browsing. Hotel decor is outdated and many of the facilities have seen better days; elevators had to be coaxed into closing their doors, the fitness centre equipment was disgusting, the pool closed off entirely, and the 'laptop friendly' work space had inadequate power outlets for more than one user. The entrance to the hotel is directly on an expressway, so watch out when leaving or pulling in — New Jersey drivers will not wait for you.

I went there for the Memorial day Weekend New Jersey Korean American dry cleaning Association of America event .The staff members were really great and was helpful. On the Behalf of the Korean American Dry Cleaners Association of New Jersey I would like to Thank the Staff for for thier Employment Job the Staff  and the House Keeping crew did a phenomenal Job for the Big Event Thank you for letting us stay and Thank you for Your Cooperation the Hotel deserves a 10 star from me and my parents.

AC never works send someone to fix it but never works 👎👎

We stayed at this four star hotel last night and went to American Dream whole day today. After dinner we came back exhausted for rest and we realized one of the beds was not cleaned at all, even though the tip put on the table was taken, I’m not sure this is on purpose or was some kind of silly mistake. Just can’t believe such issue in a four star hotel. Maybe the place should be three star but over rated.

I stayed in for 3 nights and through the whole stay nobody cleaned the room. Also, the room temperature was a big issue. You can’t set the AC lower than 75 F, even if set it lower it will not work. They changed my room to fix the problem, but the other room has the exact same problems. The only good thing about the hotel is the location and nothing else.

Nope!  Old, small and ugly.  Desk staff that could care less if your alive (might be a NJ thing).  No hot water for shower at 9:30 am.  $25.00 for a breakfast buffet.  Dreary small rooms.  Old, depressing carpet.  Old furniture, old air conditioning,  really awful industrial location.  The traffic right out in front of the hotel is horrendous.  No microwave.  When asked front desk said "you can try asking the restaurant". Toilet seat was replaced with a much larger that original and doesn't work well.

AC was working but the unit was partially pulled out from the wall with parts on the floor.

Very nice and clean hotel.  Friendly non rude staff.

가성비 있는 호텔. 양호한 객실 상태. 서비스와 접근성이 조금 아쉬움.

The service is terrible and there is no enough amenities for the price collected. I will never visit Hilton and use trip.com anymore

Excelentes buenísimo

First of all there's no pool or hot tub available as advertised. Secondly there's no room service at all. Also there is no microwave in the room and there is no way to reheat food even at the restaurant. Which by the way is okay but very expensive. There is no complimentary breakfast only tea or coffee from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and that's it. Also there is nothing nearby. You're right on the highways that lead into the George Washington Bridge so if you don't like the restaurant you better bring your food and remember there's no way to reheat it. I'm a Hilton Honors member I love the Hilton brand but I would give this place a miss.

Great hotel. Very clean. Good service. Will definitely stay here again.

AC problems at hotel. Diamond member but since I booked with Priceline they refused to honor my status. I ask for waters that come complementary for diamond members said 2$ each since I didn't book though my Hilton app. I fail to see what it matters who paid the hotel. I'm still a diamond member. Would not recommend this location, I have stayed at 1000s of Hiltons and never been treated like a third rate citizen like I have here. I really wish I could get my money back especially since I don't even have working AC.

I’ve always stuck to the Hilton brand as I am a Hilton Honors member for years and for the most part have been very satisfied with this brand.

We chose this location mostly for the proximity to follow up doctors appointments in the immediate area.

So, the aging infrastructure (the climate control thermostat didn’t work but I didn’t complaint as the temperatures while there were in the low 70s / Rm 622) and no complimentary breakfast didn’t bother us as location was our priority on this trip.  The staff working there was attentive, professional and one reason the shortcomings of amenities was tolerable.

However, I found it somewhat disappointing that complimentary coffee & tea was limited to a 3 hour (6am-9am) period on a daily basis.  Really didn’t mind until I was told there was no public microwave (none in the rooms) on the facilities to heat up anything.  More disappointing was that the restaurant facility (where I dined with very inflated prices) could not heat up any items due to their operating procedures.

We still have future doctors appointments in the immediate area but have decided to stay elsewhere and hopefully at another Hilton brand that offers some of the comfort amenities not offered at this location.

Updating 4/18/24...Hasn't improved.  A woman/guest in the lobby complained to me about how this place does not live up to the Doubletree name. I said to her 'this is their last chance with us'....we meant it. They disappointed us. We're done. We're not going to answer any emails they've sent. We've told the Doubletree/Hilton brand that they need to take back this location from whoever the franchisee is <<Updating 9/2 since I've seen about 100 reviews posted in the past 24-48 all with 5 stars & the same characteristics - Portuguese language and the word elegant used.  I've been going here for years & have never seen 100 reviews posted in a MONTH - forget about 48 hours! Now I REALLY smell a 'proverbial' rat. Changing my room rating from 3 to 1 star to help offset the obvious fraudulent posts >> Original post: Aug 2023-  adding a new review here as someone who goes to this hotel almost bi-weekly.. They have to get things in shape there ASAP..... If you're going to a Yankee game then this is the perfect location to stay at.  However, if you're staying on the upper floor there's a very distinct odor in some of the rooms. I know the smell to be of rodent because my office building had the same smell before they renovated it.  Doubletree tried covering up the smell in my room with some sort of perfume before I entered but after a few minutes, the smell was apparent and I needed a different room... I'm actually a hilton honors member but in my experience if you smell rodents, you're going to eventually see them....... There is a Hyatt next door that I'm not a fan of but I may have to consider that....

I was charged a $60 fee for checking in 2 hours and half before check in time.
It never happened to me not even in more expensive hotels.
Not to mention hotel was pretty empty, I dropped off my bags and left right away.
Ridiculous.

online price is 135$ WHEN YOU CALL TO SET UP, ITS OVER $300 .. THIS COMPANY PARTICIPATES IN false advertising!!! beware!! do not book

The front desk was not friendly ,he didn’t even give me my change  or let me know that I had some change went there specifically because the website mentioned indoor pool only to be told when we checked in there was no pool it’s in construction the furniture is old the so called coffee maker doesn’t work it doesn’t worth the money!

When I arrived the staff was NOT friendly at all. When I ask her a question, she was very short, didn’t smile and never explain the amenities of the hotel like the other staff next to me. I was in room 319 with a view of the HVAC unit, the tub and room was filthy, the lamp by the bed was missing a light bulb, the shower equipment is falling apart and the Hotel restaurant food was horrendous This place need major renovation.!!!!

Front desk "person" at night has been there 4 like 20 years. He's a one man band! No security @ night, no housekeeping NADA! GARBAGE O
out front overhead awning most bulbs out. Where to begin?? How bout OWNERSHIP! SURPRISED Hilton hasn't taken it over.

Very short staffed

Excelente vista

Really basic and dated rooms. 30-year-old ACs not working correctly.

Really needs updating
Services at front desk amazing but the hotel needs some help

Just checked in. If I didn't know this was a Doubletree I would have assumed it was a Super 8. Room is musty, smells weird, and looks run down.

Absolutely terrible and too expensive. It's 1:30 AM or I'd complain right now.

Tomorrow will be trying to get a refund and stay elsewhere.

UPDATE: I will say the service was excellent. Everyone was extremely friendly.

Some of the issues that were easy to capture:

1) Handle missing from drawers

2) Lampshade had a huge stain

3) Between tiles not fully cleaned - areas of brown/grey

4) Paint splatter literally everywhere. They had clearly repainted the ceiling at some point and as a result there was paint on the floor, walls, door handle

Average stay, the only reason for 4 stars is because hotel feels outdated and TV is old with no chromecast or streaming.

This is my go to Hotel when I visit Jersey, have been here multiple times but after my last stay I won’t be booking here again. When I arrived they don’t tell you the pool is out of service, bathroom had black mold on ceiling and sent them photos of proof and all I got offered was a room service.

I just checked in about 15 minutes ago & can’t wait to check out, but sadly I’m here for 6 days for work. The lobby is dated & has a strange smell. Check in was fine - no other interactions with service for now. The elevator carpets are filthy with hair & food on the ground & no room key required on elevators (usually is standard now in most hotels around here for added safety). The room is dirty and dated, the sheets & pillow covers are dirty, the carpet in the room is dirty, there are pieces of trash on the floor of the bathroom and a black spot in the tub I’m waiting to further look at until I need to. There is no city view from my room. I usually only leave great reviews but honestly I feel disgusted, itchy and uncomfortable sleeping here and strongly encourage others to look elsewhere to spend ~$250/night.

Edit: I called & asked to switch hotels as I was uncomfortable - they said there was nothing that could be done and that I can maybe switch rooms the next day.

Another edit: The lobby smelled like it had a gas leak on evening of September 10. This was not associated with the strange smell of the lobby I originally posted about.

Update 3/2/24: I have been trying to contact the hotel & Hilton for months about a refund. Originally, I was told on the phone that I would get a full refund due to cleanliness. However, after multiple phone calls to follow up, they are now saying they will only give a partial refund and are not willing to evaluate this further.

Horrible experience my room was freezing cold the thermostat didn't work the bathroom was freezing cold making showing uncomfortable the noise on my floor made it hard to sleep for the price I paid it was not worth it at all

Nice place

Jaeung lee, Santa, Filomena and Balentin. Excellent Service. They made me feel like at home. Thank you team !

Nice and really clean and quiet for the price

I give this Hotel a 0 Rating. Swimming pool was broken 2 times in the last month. What good is a hotel when you pay for your stay and they dont provide the amenities it says it has.

Room was clean
Suyeon counter desk was kind

Check out the cafe Milan located inside the hotel

Spent well over 150 nights at this hotel 2016 to 2020. It’s a shame this hotel has gone so downhill over the last few years. Used to have the best executive lounge, but that’s been closed for years, and got rid of Rita the hostess; She was awesome. Great employees trying hard to make up for unmaintained facilities. Van to midtown discontinued, which was one of the reasons I stayed here. Get your act back together.

I was very disappointed with my stay at this property. It’s needs some fresh paint and updating in the lobby and the rooms. The bar and breakfast area is old and smells it. Just not impressed with this property and not what I expected from the Double tree by Hilton brand. I used my Hilton points for this stay and wish I could get a refund.

Heed the warnings. This is the saddest 4-star rated hotel I've ever stayed at. The rooms were dirty: blood stain on blanket cover, hair in the sink and bathroom and on the bed as well, and weird colored spots on the walls. Will never stay here again.

When you walk into the hotel, you are greeted by an awesome staff who are very attentive. When you get to your room, you have to remember that this is an older hotel in the rooms are dated.
I will say the water pressure and the hot water was amazing, especially after traveling and doing whatever duties that you're doing while I'm staying at the hotel. It's nice to come to a place where the water is hot and the beds are comfortable.

Overall good experience. Had an issue at our home and needed a room at 3am. Front desk was able to confirm availability over the phone and quickly check is in upon arrival. Surprisingly, some other hotels around were not able to do this, just kept wanting me to hold for reservations hotline.
Room was overall ok except the aging furniture showing wear, and some trash left in the can. Bed, bathroom, and chairs were as clean as expected.

El acceso a pie es andando por la carretera. La parada de bus está a 15 min andando. Merece la pena gastar algo más e ir a otro lugar. Por lo demás, la habitación era muy confortable.

At first I thought I was not getting nice rooms because of my status. Then I became a diamond member and expected to be treated like royalty. Well that’s not the case. It seems you don’t getter treated any differently when you spend your money on hotels. Diamond membership or not! These people will not treat you any differently and will give you the nastiest rooms they can. It’s so unfair!!!
Chairs has some kind of stain on it. Towels have dried up blood. Toilet seat started coming off as I was on it. I mean really!!!! This is unacceptable!!!

Please don’t listen to the negative reviews some people Just complain about everything. I stayed here for 2 nights and have no complaints. I don’t think the furniture was outdated or notice any weird smells. The staff was friendly room was clean bed was comfortable and the shower pressure was great. They supply you with enough towels and housekeeping comes around  in the morning if you want your room cleaned and linens changed. I brought my own hygiene but this hotel has full size shampoo, conditioner, and lotion dispenser not the little 2oz bottle you get at most hotel which I thought was nice . Perfect location if you are visiting New York about 20 minutes to manhattan and 20 minutes to the Bronx. I usually get a Airbnb but New York is expensive and most places don’t have Parking this was perfect right over the bridge and the price was affordable . The breakfast was great. If you forget to pack something or need  snacks Walmart is 15 minutes away which is convenient. I’m so glad I stayed here I will  definitely be back .

No free breakfast for Diamond members. No Lounge for members. Breakfast is $26 plus tax. They give $15 a day to use it towards you breakfast. Rooms are old and outdated. Had to change my room due to the smell and hairs everywhere. Bathtub was not clean as well.

My check in in advance was not made, the light burb was dead on the room desk, no shampoo, peel off wall paper, no phone was connected to the front desk. Worst experience ever for one night trip at $268 charge. Be aware of this place.

I'm in total disbelief that the acting manager was rude hostile disrespectful and RACIST. On top of all that he charged my Credit card account $300 with no explanation or reason. When I asked for a receipt no one could produce one. They scribble on a piece of paper, this was completely unacceptable...

The room was dirty, outdated and, there was a smell of cigarette at night in my room. I wasn’t able to sleep at night. The manager was not friendly and instead of trying to resolve and find a solution to make the customer happy, he offered me some points. When I asked him about his name, he said he won’t give the points until he finds out if I reached out the Hilton directly. Very unprofessional!

We're here for a visit, but unlike other customers who receive two bottles of water and cookies upon check-in, we received nothing, and the lamp switches are missing in the room. The room has no view or anything.

Little Older Decor and Style, but clean room. The location is right next to Washington Br. Perfect to get in n out of the city.

Breakfast was also decent.

Parking is free, can't beat this biggest perk.

I came here 30 mins earlier and they told me they would charge me $60 extra.  Everything is outdated the pool and gym are disgusting. Location is really bad as you have to circle around rt 4 to come back.

Very nice hotel, staff was incredible. I was their for a event. The chairs weren’t that comfortable in the event room. The temp in the event room was very comfortable at first but then got extremely hot, and they had a hard time cooling the room down in my opinion

No microwave. Too small. Hair in the bathroom and shower not clean.

Je recommande vraiment cet hôtel Hilton. L'accueil a été génial, très amical. Chaque membre du personnel était adorable avec nous, ce qui a vraiment rendu l'expérience très agréable. Nous avons pu laisser nos bagages facilement, le service en chambre et de nettoyage étaient parfaits. La chambre était bien grande (j'ai lu que ce n'était pas toujours le cas à New York) et très bien située. En max 30min de métro nous étions aux quatre coins de la ville. Central Park est à 5 minutes à pieds et plusieurs lignes de métro sont à moins de 10min de l'hôtel. Le lit était très confortable et la rue pas trop bruyante pour New-York. Je recommande !

There were cheaper alternatives but the reviews scared us every time. We went for the safety and comfort by choosing Hilton, and we do not regret it.
We arrived before our room was cleaned and we could leave our luggage in a safe and dedicated room while we enjoyed the city and came back at the agreed time. Even though it is not a panoramic hotel, the view was super nice and we enjoyed it everyday. Lovely staff, both super polite and friendly, we felt immediately comfortable with them ! Thank you again for the warm welcome.

Great room, quite spacious for NY (we had 4 luggage and could store them in different spaces of the room). 2 bottles of water per day, coffee and tea in the room. The water pressure was great and the bed was large and comfortable.
Safe area, super close to Central Park. Doorman until 11pm and access with digicode after. Card necessary to take the elevator which ensures that only clients could move across floors.

Wonderful memory, we will remember the great service and already started to recommend this hotel to our friends and family !

There are hidden charges that are not mentioned while booking. Trash, they just have lot of hidden charges

Ideal location, great rooms and excellent staff.

Is Home Away from Home! ❤️
From the moment you arrive you know you will come back again and again.The Hospitality starting from the butler's Alex,Livingston is so warm making you feel welcome and safe.The front desk receptionist Sherryl,Anthony all the front desk staff are Amazing.Sherryl is so sweet and very informative, answer all my questions and subjects awesome places to go always with a smile and gentle voice.On the evening the staff is Amazing as well front the owners lounge all the staff is so attentive  pleasant, Doria the Supervisor walks around making every guess feels welcome always smiling..love spending time by the Terrance. The area has access to everything within walking or subways.Central Park is 2 blocks away!!!,Rooms are clean comfortable and cozy.Thank you for having the Best Staff with the Best Hospitality. I Can continue but come I experience for your self.
Thank you
M.Rentas

飯店位於57街，距離第五大道、中央公園超近，地點方便，離地鐵站約30公尺，附近有超市、餐廳非常便利，當然房價也符合紐約市區行情。預定網頁的外觀照片有誤植！

During my stay I had the displeasure of dealing with an employee of yours named Sherri.

I entered the hotel waiting for my room in my pajamas as I had gotten off of a red eye flight and waited in the lobby for my room to be ready. This is when I met Sherri as she was working at the station next to the seating I was at. Sherri had proceeded to passive aggressively ask me what I was doing there and I had stated I was waiting for a room. I thought, how strange she must just be in a bad mood. But afterwards she had then proceed to talk poorly about her coworkers and how they were lazy and other rude things about them. While I was waiting for my room I had gotten curious about the different types of floor plans as I was an HGV Member and was considering purchasing at the property where she then had said "This is a timeshare not a hotel we don't have floor plans." I thought that was quite strange and she was very aggressive about how she said it. I had then proceeded to speak to Julius who originally checked me in and ask when the room would be ready as he said he would check in with me shortly so I had approached him to get an update. Sherri had then interjected and said "He will let you know when it's ready we know where you are". Despite not being apart of the conversation she had decided to interject and just be repeatedly disrespectful to us.

Unfortunately that wasn't the only unpleasant part of my stay. I had come to my room and the phone wasn't working and it was super dusty like it hadn't been wiped down for weeks and I have a dust mite allergy so it was more than displeasant. I had cleaned it myself though.

Another thing was the air conditioning wasn't distributing in my room so I had called the front desk and they sent a maintenance tech to come check it out. He had then proceeded to enter my room, stuck his thermostat to the vent and said "see it's cold" and just left but I would quite literally wake up sweating as well as my partner because it was cold in the vent but not pushing out.

You would think it ends there but it doesn't. My last day Anna (who was wonderful by the way) had given us a late check out. Your housekeepers had then proceeded to bang on my door and say that I had to leave at regular checkout time. We then had told them Anna gave us later checkout due to all the issues and they had walked away to clean another room. An hour later they had came back and started yelling at my partner. I can tolerate that if it was me but her it upset me greatly.

I'll attach some photos of the experience I had as well showing how dirty it was but I also wanted to give some commendations.

Jaime, since day one you treated us wonderfully and went above and beyond. I had gotten something stuck to my shoe and I asked for wipes but you even went as far as to clean it for me which was unexpected. You made sure we felt welcomed as well as made sure the vehicle we had was safe as we had a guest arrive temporarily and you just made this stay a lot better. Making up for everything else and just trying to create a welcoming environment for us.

Jennifer, I appreciate you following up and repeatedly attempting to correct the errors other staff members had done. Keeping an open ear and trying to be the person that ensures that our stay is comfortable and hospitable.

Anna, thank you for taking the time out of your day to sit down with us and chat about what was going on and encouraging us to come back and giving us the opportunity to stay with you guys and to give you a second chance. You kept an open ear and really paid attention to what we said rather than dismissing us and making us feel unwelcomed.

Last but not least Sherri, I hope you end up being removed from the property and the Hilton ecosystem because if I have the displeasure of meeting you again to recreate the worst experience I've had at any Hilton property amongst the many I've visited. I would prefer to go to a motel 6 because I'd be receiving better hospitality there.

Rooms are nice and location is great. Have a great view of Steinway Tower right across the street.

Very conveniently located.  Only issue I really had was that I’ve never had to change my own sheets at a hotel before.  We were only there two nights but going through perimenopause is a killer and I completely sweat at night under there sheets.  I was glad to at least get new sheets but they would have charged me for them to change because we weren’t there long enough.  I felt that it shouldn’t have been an added charge.

Great location close to Central Park and Times Square, in the heart of the city. Friendly staff and they offer quite rooms too, which is rare to find in NYC downtown. Pleasant experience

The location is fantastic and the front desk staff were incredibly helpful. They sent up a monitor for my husband to use for work. We stayed in a penthouse, which was quiet and spacious with a pretty view except there was a lot of wasted space and the decor felt a bit dated. Overall, it’s a comfortable and reliable property for business travel, but it lacks the polish of a true luxury hotel.

Loved everything about this property. The room was bigger than we expected. Good quality rooms. Bed was comfortable. We came to NYC for museums and shows and it was the perfect location for our agenda. Service was also excellent. Regina was incredibly helpful and friendly. Can’t wait to come back.

The check in experience was the worst ever encountered n the 30 plus years We have been a member.||The stress caused a 70 year old was potentially life threatening

We stayed here for our first trip to NYC. Great location, lots of things are within walking distance or take the subway, they have a station very close by.

Clean rooms, awesome service and a lounge area.

Fantastic stay at the Hilton west 57th. A highlight of the trip was the excellent service we received in the owner’s lounge from Julius. He truly made our afternoon special. Looking forward to more trips to come!

We loved staying at this Hilton! It is a great location, so close to many great places in New York.

Hotel com localização privilegiada.  Funcionários atenciosos e extremamente diligentes.  Quarto amplo e sempre muito limpo diariamente.   Cama ótima e roupas de cama adequadas. Só elogios.  Meu lugar para sempre em NY.

Overall, we had a great stay at this hotel. Whilst the rooms are a bit small and the bathrooms seem a bit dated, the beds are super comfortable. The hotel itself doesn't have a lot of amenities, but the staff is wonderful and they try really hard to deliver the best service. Location-wise, you are just a couple blocks away from Central Park and there are so many great things to do around the hotel.

Always an enjoyable time and experience at the Hilton Club - staff, location, room, etc - all wonderful

Our experience since arriving at the hotel was miserable. Most of the people I have encountered at the front desk were rude and unfriendly since the moment we checked in. The staff gave us absolutely no information when we checked in and when we asked them about anything, they were short and gave no additional information. When we asked about the owners lounge, they would not tell us where it was because they said we didn’t have access (without even looking at our room numbers on their computer) because we didn’t specifically buy at this location but we realized today that we did have access and we are leaving tomorrow so we did not have the opportunity to utilize the benefits of the lounge at all. We have Elite Plus status and booked 4 premier rooms for several days with 8 people in our group and each one of us had a terrible experience any time we had to talk with the front desk staff. The rooms were nice and clean but the lighting and water pressure were not great. Tonight, we asked about a late check out and they said we have to call at 7:15am on the morning of check out to ask. That policy itself is ridiculous as I have never stayed anywhere where you couldn’t ask for late check out the night before but the really frustrating thing was that when my husband asked why we had to wait, the lady at the front desk just snapped and said, “that’s just the way it is” and turned back to have a personal conversation with her coworker.  Then when we said it was ridiculous, she rudely said “put it in the review if you have a problem with it”. I have stayed at Hilton hotels all over the country and have never had such a bad experience. On top of all of it, no one in our group of 8 people were ever asked if they needed help with luggage. It was the laziest, rudest staff I have ever experienced at a hotel, let alone a Hilton. It felt like motel 6 customer service, not Hilton customer service. If you care about getting good customer service, don’t stay here.

When we arrived we had booked four rooms each totaling six nights. All were premier rooms and were booked with Elite Plus status. The staff was the most unfriendly staff I have ever encountered. They gave us no info on the resort or the area around us or anything about transportation available. When we inquired about access to owners lounge they said we did not have access. We stated we are owners and they said we had no access unless specifically purchased at this location. They wanted us to take another time share promotion to view the property. We thought about it but after the way we were received we decided no way we would want to subject ourselves to anymore staff. At the last day of our trip I found the owners lounge on my own and we did have access but it was too late to use. In the end we had to buy or eat breakfast out everyday instead of quick trip to lounge. Everyone in our party tried talking to the staff and every time was greeted with pour attitude. We didn’t want more than what was suppose to be ours. It was my wife and her twin brother’s fiftieth. We did our best to not let it ruin our time in NY. Staff did not make this a good stay. Rooms are nice enough but staff again put a real shadow on or trip.

The Hilton is a beautiful place to stay
Also, The people who work here are amazing..

Great hotel

Hotel was amazing, clean rooms, clean toilets and clean stainless linen on the bed! Overall very nice experience, location is also top! Will definitely stay here again!

Great location, good mattress,  nice towels, fluffy robes (sometimes, not every time), friendly staff, decent elevators. After staying in tiny, noisy rooms elsewhere in NYC, this place is a welcome treat. Happy to be a Hilton Club member.

This is a conveniently located hotel, friendly staff, secure, very clean. Convenient to Broadway, Central Park, museums and shopping.

I love staying at Hilton Club, 102 W. 57th Street! I come here frequently, and love being an owner here.

Great bed. Super room. Nice front desk people.

Beautiful, spacious, clean rooms.  Staff friendly.   Location is close to everything.  I can walk pretty much anywhere ie. Rockefeller, times Square, central park, 5th Avenue fancy shops, Bryant Park.  Came for christmas festivities.

Great place to stay and excellent service.

Wow wow wow!! 5 star experience!!
My husband and I had such a great time at the Hilton Club West 57th St. The staff made us feel at home especially Ms. Sheril. She went above and beyond for us to have an unforgettable experience especially celebrating my husband’s birthday!!

Definitely recommend and will be coming back soon!!

I've been to New York many times, but this time felt much better than the rest because of my experience at this hotel. Starting off with the location, which was perfect for my itinerary because it was so walkable to the subway entrance along with everything else. The room was nice and roomy, and had a good view of the street (we were on the 19th floor). |What made this stay extra memorable though was the workers. Every single worker here seems like they genuinely enjoy their job, which as a customer I definitely felt and noticed it. One employee in particular, Sheril, was absolutely incredible. Most of my interactions here were with her, and she had this genuinely positive energy that really carried into the day. As mentioned, I've been to NY many times, but this trip really was made more special by her customer service that added another layer of greatness to an already superb trip. |Also special shoutout to Livingston who was really helpful with getting our luggage and carrying the same type of positive energy that prompted me to make this positive review.|All in all, if you're looking for a hotel with a perfect location, good room size, and excellent staff, you will not regret picking this spot!!

I've been to New York many times, but this time felt much better than the rest because of my experience at this hotel. Starting off with the location, which was perfect for my itinerary because it was so walkable to the subway entrance along with everything else. The room was nice and roomy, and had a good view of the street (we were on the 19th floor).
What made this stay extra memorable though was the workers. Every single worker here seems like they genuinely enjoy their job, which as a customer I definitely felt and noticed it. One employee in particular, Sheril, was absolutely incredible. Most of my interactions here were with her, and she had this genuinely positive energy that really carried into the day. As mentioned, I've been to NY many times, but this trip really was made more special by her customer service that added another layer of greatness to an already superb trip.
Also special shoutout to Livingston who was really helpful with getting our luggage and carrying the same type of positive energy that prompted me to make this positive review.
All in all, if you're looking for a hotel with a perfect location, good room size, and excellent staff, you will not regret picking this spot!!

Okay this is a very special Hilton location in my heart. As a loyal Hilton Honors member, I've stayed at many properties across the country, but this location has truly exceeded all expectations. Sheril went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable and welcoming—her attention to detail and genuine care made me feel right at home. The combination of exceptional service and offered accommodations has made this the best Hilton I've experienced so far. This is exactly why I remain committed to the Hilton brand. Highly recommend this property to anyone looking for more than just a place to stay.

Outstanding and stellar experience! Houria and her entire team provided a top notch experience! This trip was a birthday trip for me, as well as a welcome back trip for my 13 year old. NYC is where she was born and we hadn't been back since she was a toddler, so this truly was a special trip. Our room was clean and the views were amazing. The entire W 57th team was nothing short of amazing and provided the most phenomenal experience. As a Hilton Grand Vacation Owner I was extremely satisfied and look forward to returning! Thank you so much for ensuring that we had the best trip ever! Your teams attention to detail and kindness truly made such a difference. Thank you!

Perfect location. We did walk mikes, but subways were convenient for traveling through out the city.

空港からLIRRでグランドセントラルステーションLIRR駅に到着して、徒歩で数分の利便性がよい立地。快適に過ごせるホテルです

Nil flexibility from hotel for us to change dates due to tragic unforeseen circumstances.  Ruined our holiday and won’t patronise again!

Out of expectations!  Absolutely love the room.  Though back of hotel, 20th floor, real quiet, but still have some nice skyscraper view with rising moon.  Thanks for receptionist who made us wait to get this room.  Perfecto!

La verdad fue una experiencia muy buena, aunque solo llegábamos al hotel a dormir, nos encantó la ubicación ya que está a unas cuadras de Central Park y es fácil encontrar lugares para desayunar. La parada del subway está literal a la vuelta del hotel. La recepción es pequeña pero no necesita más. Por la mañana colocan pan dulce y café para que puedas tomar antes de salir. Nos resguardaron las maletas cuando llegamos y cuando nos fuimos. El Check in era a las 4:00 pm pero nos llamaron a la 1:00pm para decirnos que nuestra habitación estaba lista 👍
Dormimos muy a gusto, ya que la cama estaba muy cómoda.
Eso sí, recuerden que te cobran al rededor de $100 Dlls del impuesto local. Y eso leí que pasa en todos los hoteles. Nosotros reservamos a través de BestDay.
Recomendado 👏

Would not recommend booking here.   Before my trip I received three emails and two phone calls trying to book me for a marketing meeting with Hilton Vacations.  One of the phone calls left a voicemail asking me to call back to discuss my reservation.  When I called back, it was the same person from the marketing team (Mary Ann DeJoseph).  I am very disappointed my contact info was used so aggressively for marketing.  I cancelled my trip and booked a different hotel that will not use these practices.||Unless you want to be constantly bothered by the marketing team, just pick somewhere else.

Fantastic hotel in an awesome location. Room was very spacious, staff were amazing and location brilliant - close to Central Park and all transport options

10/10 - Guter Hilton Club!
Perfect stay, sheril made it even more special! Thx!

I’ve stayed at many Hilton properties, but this was one of the worst service experiences I’ve ever had.

After an 18-hour flight, I arrived exhausted and sick with the flu, just needing a clean bed. The room itself was clean and comfortable — but that’s where the positives end.

From the start, the staff seemed entirely money-driven. They kept inventing new charges, roughly $180 in total, including a “short stay” fee that I had already paid. Out of sheer fatigue, I just complied.

The manager, Ronald, had no understanding of the Hilton Grand Vacations (HGVC) programme and was unhelpful. When he finally decided to “assist,” he took my credit card and disappeared into a back room for over 30 minutes without explanation. I also witnessed him berating another guest who was occupying the penthouse in a rough and unprofessional tone — shocking behavior for a Hilton manager.

While I was visibly unwell and coughing (wearing a mask they provided), a female front desk employee began threatening not to check me in because I was coughing — showing zero care or compassion.

To make things worse, I had three packages delivered to the hotel. They initially gave me two and insisted that was all until I pressed them to look again — only then did they find the third package, after disputing that it was even delivered.

At checkout, no bellmen were available to help with luggage. I dragged my own suitcases down, and no one behind the counter even acknowledged me.

Terrible, unkind, and unprofessional service from start to finish. The focus here is on squeezing guests for money, not treating them with basic decency. I will never return.

This is a great place. Rooms are smallish but clean and comfy. The location is fantastic. Staff is super helpful.

The hotel has beautiful, modern decor and great location. It is Within walking distance of Central Park and Times Square.

Perfectly situated.     Everything nice and relevant is near by

Hilton hotels are the best! ❤️

4pm check in and 10am checkout is wild. Also no one cleaned our room despite cleaning lady seeing us leave the room without any do not disturb sign.

Shower pressure is too weak.

Otherwise room is nice spacious and clean. F line is basically right downstairs

I may be a bit biased as we are owners, but this place is the best! The rooms are comfortable… and if you get a balcony, the views are incredible over W 57th! The service is always top notch, but honestly, nothing beats the location! It’s close to everything.

Nice and roomy.

Just wrapped up our amazing stay in NYC! The hotel was fantastic, but what really made the experience special was the incredible staff. Ivan and Jamie both went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. Their personable approach and helpful attitudes truly stood out. They're a real asset to the hotel, and we will be returning.

home away from home ❤️ location is perfect and just 2 blocks from Central Park. Clean rooms and lobby. Our Doormen are the most sweetest and welcoming! Always helpful always with a smile and always very attentive. I have experienced some of the best food in the city because of their suggestions. Thank you Ovie and Livingston!

The staff was great in the location is perfect. Initially, I gave it a four stars but after I'm sitting here thinking about all the great things about this location, I bumped my rating to a five star.

Just a perfect spot for an appartment, built for adults, so nice and quiet.

And amazing staff.

The best thing about this hotel is the location. It is not like other HGV locations, it does not have nice amenities or kitchens and laundry in the unit. We had two rooms for one week.
There were many opportunities for the staff to provide a luxury experience and they consistently did the absolute minimum. The staff overall was superficially pleasant but very disinterested in the guests. Some on the phones, some socializing, some obsessing over their own needs…none were interested in their guests needs. I won’t bore you with the examples.
The location is two blocks south of Central Park which was awesome for morning walks. There is a subway station one block in either direction. A 24 hour gourmet grocery store is two doors down from the hotel. It is safe to walk to this store all hours of the day and night.
The fancy shops are blocks away, Gucci, Louis Vuitton, etc.
We dined at a couple nice places close by; for bagels we loved Capital Bagel. For coffee and treats, I loved the Paris Baguette which is a couple blocks away. Angelo’s coal fire pizza across the street was great and Tam Mai Thai was nice for good Thai. Judge Roy Beans was close and offered good burgers and BBQ.
Overall the location was more important than the hotel staff and amenities and I’m guessing they know that.

موقع الفندق جميييل جداً و نظيف وبالنسبه للغرف مساحتها جيده واشكر الموظفه sheril alrefai و الموظف Anthony ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

*** STAY ELSEWHERE, THIS IS A TIMESHARE WITH NO AMMENITIES FOR NON MEMBERS, NOT A STANDARD HILTON PROPERY  ***

I log roughly 75 nights / year in hotels and have never taken the time to write a review.  We had 4 rooms booked for a trip for my mother.  They ran out of rooms and didn't have a room for my sister even though she had a legitimate reservation directly through Hilton.  Gave her a room at another location on other side of town (not reasonable).

Beyond that, this place is not as described in its pictures or booking.  The lobby area is only for 'members' of their timeshare so nowhere to go in hotel aside from room.  For non timeshare members their are zero amenities, seriously it is insane.    They also attempted to sell everyone in our party on the timeshare.

Not what I expected from a Hilton branded property.

Un emplacement idéal. Une chambre magnifique avec une très belle vue, et un service au petit soin, de grande qualité.
Merci spécialement à Régine pour ses efforts en parlant français

Always a great place to stay when in NYC! Everyone is very friendly & helpful. Good location near bus & subway. Many good restaurants & shops in area and walking distance to Central Park.

This HGVC club has a great location, in fact that is probably its number one feature.
We reserved a one bedroom, it has a queen bed and a spacious area with a pullout couch.
Our room is on the 23 floor facing towards the NBC building, and some other hotels.
PRO’s
The location is unbelievable, it puts you right in the heart of the action.
The rooms are modern and Clean
The views on this floor are great
Luckily, the elevators are fast.
The Doorman was nice
CONS
The lack of dinning, and amenities is very apparent.
I know, we have the world of food around us, but at the end of the day, who doesn’t want a bar and restaurant?
Theirs no real brochure about any food Or dinning options.
Theirs front desk manager was great, I think his name was Julius, he tried to assist us with a room request, he did follow up, so I give him credit.
The front desk staff, need a slight refresher in guest service.  It seemed like they were just going through the motions.  It didn’t feel like a welcome home check in.
Absolutely, do not by any belief believe you will be able to check in early.  They will put your stuff in their storage room.
Also, never received a call or text that said our room was ready?  We were made to believe it could be earlier, and they would call.
Over all experience is a 7/10
Location 9/10
Guest service 7/10
Thanks,
Enjoy

The hotel is located near the 5th Avenue and Central Park. The rooms are simple and beautiful. The staff members are also very nice.

Comfortable guest room. Friendly, courteous, and professional staff. The doorman would call for the lift when we walked in and swipe his card for our floor.; he hailed a taxi for us a couple of times.

I think many other reviews have touched on how great this location is.  Having the grocery store on one side and the Duane Reade on the other side is so convenient. Add to that there is a subway stop at the corner, Angelo’s pizza across the street, two blocks from Central Park, very close to many Broadway shows and so much more.  We love coming here.  The staff are very friendly and professional.

Stay here for a great location only. You pay a price to be centrally located with a somewhat unfriendly staff. Upon arrival the engineers needed to look at the functionality of the A/C in the room and when I asked for a room away from the elevator I was assured that two doors down was not next to the elevator. Great location though!!

Very convenient location.  Lots to see and do in this area. Carnegie Hall, Times square, central park....

Perfect location! Just the right size, clean room, friendly and professional staff, the activities are all steps away outside. Iconic food, Central Park, Carnegie Hall, theaters, museums, and small shops. Awesome.

The room was great, location amazing, Liberty bagel is around the corner, and central park is a block away. The only thing they put in the fine print is the $92.55 "short stay free, 4 days, 3 nights over a weekend I guess is a short stay.  Then they offer to transfer to a manager that will tell you what you agreed too.  Next time I will just book the extra night and arrive when I feel like it probably.    It also didn't have the standard amenities that a Hilton club would like bidet toilets, etc which was a bit of a let down.

Excellent location in midtown Manhattan. Easy walk to Central Park and plenty of breakfast and dinner spots.

Just spoke with Cheryl at the front desk and super disappointed in the attitude and customer service I received from her… I was told by another Hilton Grand Vacation Club employee Helen Taylor that this Hilton was awesome and could help me in my goals for our upcoming stay to do something special for my moms 50th birthday and her first time in NYC. I wasn’t asking for much - simply was asking for some local recommendations of flower shops or ballon’s and she cut me off multiple times and told me they don’t offer those types of services since they don’t have a concierge which I actually completely understand and know that’s not her fault. What I did not appreciate was her attitude, her unwillingness to be helpful, and her cutting me off. I came into that conversation super kind and left feeling unexcited for my stay with Hilton. I also just saw another guests review that Hilton left treats and a hat on someone’s bed for their birthday. Yet I couldn’t even get a simple local recommendation or kindness from the front desk.

Update:

I did take my dispute to the Better Business Bureau.  I received a refund of the $285 after about 3 weeks.  I was satisfied with the resolution.  In that case the $20 cancellation fee was fair.  Forfeiting the $285 would even have been fair.  What really ticked me off was being told I forfeited my money AND had to pay a cancellation fee.  Plus the customer service person was obnoxious.

Original Review:

The hotel charges a $20 cancellation fee even when canceling a month in advance.  This was associated with Hilton Grand Vacations, where they try to sell you timeshares.  Note that I had already paid them $285, which I was not trying to get refunded.  I need a timeshare pitch even less than a hole in the head, but it's not their fault I agreed to it.  Rebooking was also a $20 fee.  It has been a long time since a business has made me this furious.  Note that they are pulling this stunt with Honors members with status, so they are doing this to their best customers.

If you get a call from Hilton Grand Vacations, don't listen, don't give a credit card and hang up.  I hope this negative review costs them many times the money I paid.  In the unlikely event I do get a refund or other satisfaction I will change this review positively.  In the event they try to hit me with more charges, which would not surprise me, legal action will be taken and this review will be adjusted even more negatively.  A negative review have also been posted on Trip Advisor and a complaint has been filed with the BBB.

Nice room and bathroom. Great location. Hospitable staff.

Close to Time Square, about 3/4 of a mile, and Central Park is two blocks away. Eateries all around, including great pizza.  Same block as Carnegie Hall and Russian Red Tea House!

The location of the Hilton Club West 57 TH street is very good. First and foremost, in relation to the wonderful Central Park, but also in relation to e.g. subway, short distance to shopping on 5 TH Avenue, for example. The room (we had a "King Studio") on the 14th floor with a view of 57th street, was also very good. We were very happy with the room itself. Very good and comfortable beds including pillows and mattresses. Everything was clean and nice, as well as a great bathroom in addition. As I see it, the cleaning staff did the best job and gave the best impression. They were both good and nice, all credit to them.

Another advantage of this hotel was that there were never problems with crowded elevators, slow elevators and long waits for elevators, as you often find in more traditional hotels in NYC. However, the lobby area was not particularly inviting and pleasant. The lobby area was small and cramped and no seating where it was possible to sit secluded to relax or to do a little work. But what was most disappointing about the hotel was the general level of service and customer service from the reception staff. My assessment is that the level of this important element is that it was far below what I expect and what I am used to. I have stayed at other more traditional hotels nearby and further down towards Times Square, where the level of service was of a slightly different caliber. Not least, I have stayed at other Hilton hotels, especially on the west coast, where the customer service was at a significantly higher level. It started already at check-in, where they initially were unable to find my booking (this was sorted out relatively quickly). When I, as politely as I could, asked if it was possible to get a "nice room a little higher up the floors", I received answer that "all our rooms are nice". I mean, when you are going to stay at the hotel for a week and pay a significant amount of money for just that: it must be possible to at least try to be a little nice to the guests? How difficult is it to say, “thank you for choosing to stay here with us, have a wonderful week here at Hilton Club”?

A little more focus on customer service and maybe a few more hours on basic staff training, would hardly hurt. Another small challenge that I experienced was about my wish for a late check-out on the day of departure. We are talking about 3-4 hours extra time beyond the normal check-out time. This was anything but easy, even though I of course made it clear that I would pay for these extra hours. I also reffered to the hotel's own policies, where it was written in black and white that late check-out is possible. But anyway, this was sorted out in a good way in the end. But not without the hotel manager having to decide about it. The manager was nice and as mentioned, this was resolved. But I think this is one of very few times in my long hotel career (as a guest) that I have experienced late check-out as a real problem.

But to summarize: the room and location were great, the cleaning staff were both nice and good, but beyond that I feel that Hilton Club West 57 TH is lacking to much in other areas. Therefore, it is important to be aware that Hilton Club is basically a slightly different concept than what you may be used to from other, more traditional hotels. This is important to be aware of BEFORE you book this hotel. I for one had not done my homework here, I had not done enough research beforehand. Therefore, there will probably be no return to the Hilton Club on my next trip to NYC, unless the hotel management convinces me otherwise.

Hilton West 57th was beautiful!  The room was clean and comfortable!  The service was top notch!  All front desk help was very friendly and helpful!  They responded immediately to any requests!

This hotel was amazing. From checking-in to checking-out. Everyone was so pleasant and accommodating. We arrived before check-in but we were able to store our luggage with ease and received a text that our room was ready about an hour before actual check-in. The room was spectacular and the view was great! Location was perfect too. We had the best experience and would definitely stay again.

Cest just waouh

This is a very nice property. The staff is attentive and they make sure you have everything you need, the rooms are spacious and modern and the location is outstanding for anything you want to do in the city. We also enjoyed speaking to Catherine Lilly the HGV representative that shared some great insights with us.

I have stayed here twice in 2025.  Excellent both times.  Staff is outstanding.  Location is great.  Rooms are spacious for NYC.  Great use of my HGVC timeshare points.

Nice sized room, large walk-in shower but only 1 sink. This is a timeshare Hilton Vacation Club, not a hotel, no bar/restaurant anything in lobby. Silly that you can’t settle bill night before due to system update at midnight.

Great location and views from the room. The staff were incredibly helpful throughout my stay. Only caveat was my room was directly next to the elevator and there was a nearly 1.5inch gap under the door that I had to block with a towel for the duration of my stay. Also, was not able to use the gym because they were painting it and it wasn’t a 24 hr access. Furniture could have used a good steam cleaning but all else was fine. This location is next door to great dining, market, Carnegie Hall, and steps from a Cronut bakery, shopping on 5th Avenue and MoMA.

PARCHEGGIO
Non sono al corrente se l'hotel offra questo tipo di servizio.

STANZA (NUMERO 403)
stanza grande, molto pulita e dotata di un'area guardaroba con frigo bar.
Il letto king size è risultato molto comodo.
Ottima insonorizzazione delle stanze e la tenda della porta finestra consente l'oscuramento totale.

BAGNO
il bagno è risultato anch'esso ampio e dotato di doccia di grandi dimensioni.
Pulizia complessiva eccezionale!

COLAZIONE
Non ho usufruito questo tipo di servizio.

RISTORANTE
La struttura non è dotata di tale servizio.

CONCLUSIONI
L'hotel in stile moderno è in una posizione strategica, a pochi metri da central park.
Personale molto gentile e disponibile.
È disponibile un servizio gratuito di deposito bagagli.
Il mio giudizio finale non può che essere positivo.
Lo consiglio assolutamente!!!

שהיה במלון של 9 לילות בשלושה חדרים. חופשה משפחתית. אפריל 2025.
החדרים גדולים, מיטה נוחה מאד, איבזור מספק כולל מכונה להכנת קפה, מייבש שיער, מגהץ וכספת. מקרר ומיזוג אויר. מגבות מעולות ומקלחת גדולה וטובה.
יחסית למיקום המרכזי המקום שקט. מידי פעם שומעים סירנות אמבולנסים ומשטרה שעוברים במקום. לא אוירה כפרית. זיכרו שאתם במרכז העיר.
הצוות של המלון מעולה! השרות מצויין! דואגים שכולם יקבלו יחס אישי ושיהנו מהשהיה במקום. נקיון החדרים מעולה, החדר מנוקה כל יום. אם אפשר היה ההיתי נותן 6 כוכבים לצוות!
מיקום המלון מעולה. בקרבת רכבת תחתית, 2 סופרמרקטים צמודים, מסעדות, בתי קפה ומקומות בילוי ממש צמודים. מרחק הליכה מהפארק.
בעיה אחת במלון שלא ממש הפריעה לנו אישית היא שבערב מסדרון החדרים כולו בריח של מיטבח מסעדה. הריח לא מגיע לחדרים פנימה.
המלון לא מציע אפשרות לארוחת בוקר ואין לו מטבח. לא ברור מהיכן הריח.
אנחנו אהבנו מאד ונחזור שוב.

I bought a Hilton Grand Vacations time share here 3 years ago, and I've never been sorry. Love the location - steps away from Central Park & Carnegie Hall, and within easy reach of multiple subway lines. For owners, there's free breakfast & heavy appetizers, beer, and wine from 5-7. For me, that's dinner, and all the food is catered from a nearby & very tasty restaurant. If you don't own at this property, those meals won't be available to you, but there are many restaurants within easy walking distance. Staff have always been friendly, and the area very convenient. There's a Duane Reade on the east side and a wonderful grocery store a few doors west, and as stated, Carnegie Hall on the same block, at 57th & 7th Ave. This property is closer to the 6th Ave side. There's also a gymn, if you don't get enough exercise walking. For me, walking 3-5 miles a day is easy in the city. All in all,  it isn't cheap, but it's a great stay!

Mukava hotelli ja tosi hyvällä paikalla

We cannot say enough about this place!  The staff is coming considerate and caring, the rooms very clean and elegant, the location central to everything!

This is a review that will help to put other reviews here in perspective. The smell of most of the floors and entire hotel is of hamburger or meat. You all familiar with the nice smell of an hotel? Well, here it is a smell of a restaurant's kitchen. After complaining, because it was also present in the room itself, we were moved from the 17th floor to the 5th floor street view. We checked the alternate room before agreeing but the lady in the desk told the it shouldn't be loud. It was bad. Very bad. The windows ARE NOT sound proof at all! Couldn't sleep at all.
We told all that to the manager Arnold, he wouldn't agree to commit to move us to off street highet level, so we had to cancel the rest of our 8 nights and book another hotel. Apparently, according to the manager, they know about the smell problem, and holding a lawsuit against the restaurant.
This decision to give the money back instead of keeping it and us as clients, tells you all you need to know.
Moreover, he told us "we will not hold you hostage". They were nice and tried to find solutions but it wasn't enough, specially for guests who stays for 10 nights. It caused us wasting lots of time and energy.
Wouldn't recommend at all. This is not Hilton standarts.

Everything about this place was beyond expectations! Great friendly staff, great service, very timely, I couldn’t be any happier with our experience here. Didn’t expect such top notch hospitality from a big city hotel.

Excelente ubicacion del Hotel a una distacia adecuada de todo, instalaciones confortables con detalles como una sombrilla y batas muy agradables, cafe y panes por la mañana y tarde, el personal muy porfesional principalmente quiero reconocer a Antony agradable persona de incio a fin siempre dispuesto a orientarte y sugerir como diafrutar la hermosa ciudad de NY ojala y Hilton reconozca el gran talento y actitud de servicio de Antony

Very pleasant stay.  Everyone was very nice,  and my special thanks to the house keeping at this hotel!
Location is perfect!

Small things mean a lot…shout out to the Hotel staff and Julius M. For noticing it was my daughters Birthday today and having this gift for her…you guys are amazing ❤️❤️

I have been trying to find a place to put my review for Hilton Grand Vacations (HGV) in-house sales team at 142 W 57th St. NYC, but it seems like here is the only place I can put, for now.  My husband and I have joined as HGV owners years ago, but till last month when we met Sales Executive Mr. Pat and Sales Manager Ms. Emily, then we finally realized the benefit to upgrade our ownership, (in between, we were approached in multiple occasions by different representatives).  Why?  Because they are professional, caring, thoughtful, efficient, frank, and true, they always put owners' real needs as their priorities, not "sold-and-bye-forever" style at all.  Mr. Pat is a dog-lover and he always responds to his post-sale clients' communications, even during his day-off times.  Ms. Emily also returns her VM right after her airplane landed.  One of their Quality Assurance Specialists/ accountants(?) Miss Ciani, although we only met once, but she has her sunshine smile on her face all the time, etc..  In all, this is the HGV location you should do your purchases/ upgrades and bookings with.  Again, Mr. Pat, Ms. Emily, and Miss Ciani are such big gains to both their company and all their clients.  Thank you, for everything!

L'hotel si trova in posizione strategica a Manhattan, è molto ben organizzato e il personale è veramente gentilissimo.

Great proximity to Central Park, the Shows, and dining experiences.

Hotel com ótima localização! Funcionários sempre solícitos e simpáticos. Quarto grande e super limpo. Adoramos!

We’re admittedly about a year late in writing this review, but as my wife and I approach our second anniversary and prepare for a move, we came across your card, Ms. Reginè. The moment we saw it, we knew we had to take a moment to express our sincere appreciation for you.

You played such a special role in making our first anniversary truly memorable, and we are beyond grateful for your kindness, professionalism, and attentiveness. Your service was absolutely amazing, and every recommendation you provided was spot on. You went above and beyond to ensure our experience was perfect, and that has stayed with us even after all this time.

We just wanted to let you know that we haven’t forgotten about you and the impact you had on our celebration. We hope you’re doing well, and we appreciate you more than words can express. Thank you again for everything!

Best,

Ausgezeichnete Lage mid town. Hatte ein Zimmer im 11. Stock mit Blick auf die 57. Straße, vom Straßenlärm bekommt man nichts mit, sehr gute , effektiv und leise arbeitende AC. Zimmer geräumig und modern. Bett prima

I stayed at the Hilton Club West 57th in NYC. I was very impressed. I did attend an informative session regarding ownership. I did not purchase at this time due to conflicting priorities, however I was satisfied with the information shared and it’s still a consideration for a later time. I loved that this building was located on Billionaire’s row in Manhattan. It’s within walking distance to many attractions like Carnegie Hall, many luxury stores, the Museum of Modern Art, Central Park, and many places to eat.
The building is very well kept and everyone was friendly. I did have use of the gym facility and it had a wide range of equipment.
My room was on the 18th floor and had great views from the floor to ceiling windows.

This review may not be applicable for everyone, but I think it is important to share because others may have (or be able to avoid) a similar experience.

My partner and I were considering purchasing a timeshare with Hilton. We spoke with someone when we were staying in Hawaii, and purchased a travel plan to see how the program works. We were told by the person who sold the program to us (and received a commission) that the timing could be flexible and not to worry about the expiration on the contract because customer service could extend the time for us easily. I was concerned because the timing of expiration on the contract aligned with when I was scheduled to take the bar examination after completing law school. We really wanted this trip as a celebration for completing law school and the bar. I vocalized this to the agent and they assured me it would not be a problem. However, once the contract was signed, and we spoke with the customer service agents over the phone (no longer the people trying to sell us something) we were told, rather coldly that we would have to book the trip before the expiration time or forfeit the money.

We were forced to book a whirlwind trip here in February, weeks before I am scheduled to take the bar examination, or lose the money we contributed to this "program." We were forced to go to New York because this program only allows for a three day trip at this one location (even though they advertise dozens of other locations). We previously stayed in Cabo for our first trip on this "program," which allows for a total of 7 days collectively for the credit purchased. We stayed in Cabo for four days and only had three days left under our program. Then we were told we could only stay in New York because that is the ONLY location that allows for three day stays. Absolute scam.

We were (AND ARE) extremely upset with Hilton and their abysmal customer service, but decided to make the most of the trip rather than forfeit the money we already spent. However, it was clear upon arrival that we were not high on the priority list. We already had our "pitch" regarding the possibility of purchasing a timeshare in Cabo, which we declined. Our second stay in New York had no pitch scheduled and once the staff realized we were not a possible commission, the service became laughable.

Also, we came when it was not busy, yet somehow ended up in probably one of the worst rooms possible, a courtyard room on the fourth floor, right next to the elevator. Also, this "view" of the court yard is an extremely generous statement. Upon checking in, I asked about the rooftop courtyard, and the receptionist responded, "that's for owners with a penthouse only," and made me feel like I was an idiot for even asking. Even though there are dozens of pictures on these reviews and the website showing a rooftop courtyard that looks public. So do not expect to be looking out at the city like in their picture advertisements, the view from our stay will likely be more indicative of your future experience.

Needless to say, we will not be returning.

I spent 7 days at this hotel and received world class service. Shout out to Sheila (reception) and Avi (door man). They were so gracious and wonderful that we want to take them on our next vacation.

Ausgezeichnete Lage mid town. Hatte ein Zimmer im 11. Stock mit Blick auf die 57. Straße, vom Straßenlärm bekommt man nichts mit, sehr gute , effektiv und leise arbeitende AC. Zimmer geräumig und modern. Bett prima. Badezimmer groß. Gutes Internet

Amazing place!

Loved my stayed here and Angelo Labayen helped us with our checking as well as gave us tips to where to go everyday and was overall very kind and helpful, costumer service was great!

I will definitely recommend this hotel.

Beautiful and clean!!!!!
Loved my experience here and Front desk Angelo Labayen made my experience 10/10! Amazing costumer service. Also, Doria from the kitchen was so sweet!!! 10/10 costumer service.

Can’t wait to be back here!

*** I'm editing this review and taking away a star.  When we checked in we gave them our Hilton Honors number.  We were told we would receive the points and we didn't.  I just called and was told because we booked through Expedia (a third party).  I always book Hilton through Expedia and get the points.  I wish they had been honest from the beginning.  The location of this hotel is excellent while the prices are high that is to be expected for this area of New York City. I considered the location to be excellent hotel itself while no-frills had everything you would want.  I would recommend this hotel and will stay there again.  We had a great view from the fifth floor!  We did hear some noise from this hotel, but it was fairly quiet given the location and time of year.

The hotel is beautiful and the location is perfect. The highlight of the stay was the staff. They were all so very kind and helpful. We loved our stay there and will definitely be back

You got to ride  the holiday train only runs during Christmas. Nostalgic 🚂 That was actually ridden back in the day .My cousin who has lived there for 75 years used to have to take it. People come to ride it every Christmas and dress up like back in the '20s 30s 40s.

Great experience loved the room service all the staff were great and had wonderful hospitality

Another successful and delightful stay at my favorite Hotel, Hilton is prime.  Thanks staff and management.

Excellent service, clean. Attentive staff, excellent concierge.

Amazing Hotel- mostly used by owners who receive the free breakfast spread and evening reception with a massive h'orderve  spread and open free bar.  Steps from 5th avaneue and Central Park!  AMAZING!  SO HAPPY WE INVESTED IN THIS PROPERTY 15 YEARS AGO!

Staff was very pleasant , rooms were clean and spacious for being in the city.  Clean and well maintained.

Absolutely stellar. So glad to have finally found a hotel in Manhattan that is reasonably-priced, has spacious rooms, and a great location steps from Central Park, Bergdorf's, and the subway.

The bed was divine and the rooms are almost shockingly well-appointed and big compared to other hotels at a comparable price point in Manhattan. I'm not familar with the details, but part of this property appears to be dedicated to time-share owners so there's more of a community feeling which I really appreciated. A gem!

I absolutely loved this property! The room was very nice and extremely comfortable. And I can't say enough about the staff. From the moment I arrived, they were fantastic. My only complaint was about the internet and the signal in the building. Both my mom and I had cell phone issues (we have 2 different service providers, and were in different rooms on different floors). Also, the hotel's internet wasn't great. I will say the engineering staff made it possible for me to use my Roku stick on one of the televisions, and gave me a better wifi connection on my laptop.
This location is accessible to a variety of eateries, shopping, drug stores, and banks. I definitely recommend it.

As a travel advisor and a business owner, over the past 30 years in the hotel and tourism industry, I can confidently share that 1st impressions counts. Kristina, at reception, immediate soured my arrival upon check in. I am here on a familiarization/education trip and will absolutely not recommend this property for a vacation or residence. I'm not sure how other cultures value customer service, but If you cannot take pride in your profession or appreciate the value of good customer service, you might want to consider working at a roadside convenience station as a stock clerk (no disrespect to those hard workers).

I stayed at the property as a guest of my friend for a week. Not only it is the most convenient and excellent location (Central Park at the door), all the staff were very pleasant.   I particularly would like to thank door men (Ovie, John, Livingston, Alex, Ivan and Jaime) who were always cheerful and greeted us with a smile whether we were going out or coming in.  A few of them even helped us with internet log in issue!!  You were very much appreciated by two San Franciscans.

We had a great experience at the HC on 57th. Room was spacious and had great views. Staff was friendly and made great recommendations about the city. Honestly, best NYC hotel experience thus far during my visits. We are already booking to return for Christmas

We stayed for five nights during the first week of October 2024. We enjoyed this hotel quie a bit. Sheryl at the front desk was amazing.  She greeted us every time she saw us and had great suggestions for things to do and places to eat. All the staff was awesome but we spoke to Sheryl every day so she really stood out. I do wish there was a lounge or a place to get small bites without having to be an owner. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable.  We would definitely stay again!

We love this place as owners. I love the owner lounge. The rooms are great! Good location, too. Wish they had laundry room.

Beautiful room and fantastic location but the staff were nothing short of amazing!! The GM Julius switched our room after checking in because of an AC issue. He was very accommodating with complimentary adult beverages for the minor inconvenience.  Front desk employees helped with directions and a late check out. Thank you to Jennifer and Anthony! Milagros kept our room tidy and well stocked. We never really figured out the difference between bellmen and doormen, lol, but they were ALL especially friendly. We have been to NYC 5 times in the last 9 years and this hotel was absolutely our favorite.

Great location. No microwave in the room.

Great so far

Great location, owner lounge offers very good breakfast and happy hour drinks and food, very helpful in finding places we wanted to go and helping with subway directions

Great personals, clean and updated rooms, good location !

Great location. No microwave in the room.

Quality. Very comfortable, spotless and a great location plus the front of house guys are great, they take care of you from the moment you arrive and greet your every in and out. Lovely staff. Can’t wait to return, no point looking for accommodation, I’m coming back here!

Best hotel I’ve stayed at in New York.

Beautiful place to stay

Fantastic location 2 minutes from Central Park. 15 minute walk to Times Square. Rooms are spotless and staff are fantastic.

The doors SLAM shut and disrupt sleep. It’s not a place to get any sleep. Sorry but you’re not a luxury hotel if your doors don’t have a soft close feature. The front desk staff are apathetic. Typical New York arrogance.

The room was nice the location is great but the front desk service is absolutely horrible I signed up for a time share owner update and three days in a row they ignored me every time because I’m young very very poor communication very bad service the good people was the two bell men at the door  please beware because this service was horrible especially for $350 a night!!!! I would not recommend to anyone

Cool Establishment. Great Location. This location is the happening place in the city. MOMA , Restaurants , Carnegie Hall , St Patrick's Cathedral , It's  a blast.

We LOVED our stay!!!  From the receptionists, maid and bellmen everyone was so friendly, helpful and truly made our stay memorable.  Special shoutout to Angelo who took the time to show us a few secret spots around the neighborhood on a rainy  morning.  Merci beaucoup de ton accueil chaleureux!  Oh and the room and view from our premier king studio was amazing.  Highly recommend

Sheril was one of the most helpful staff I have ever met. She gave me top-of-the-line customer service. She was super kind and helped us throughout every moment of our stay. She was a highlight of our trip. Thanks to her, we learned how to take the subway and explored many restaurants and sights. If you're booking here, you're definitely going to enjoy the service. 10/10!
Ashley and Brianna were amazing too. Thank you all for making our trip a wonderful time!

The location is great.

Just spent the previous week vacationing in New York and chose to stay at this location. The staff was friendly, courteous, and went above and beyond even assisting me with mailing out an urgent package.  The location is perfect in walking to key destinations and is easily within a 5 minute walk of Central Park and 10 minute walk of Times Square.

My only regret is I did not grab the names of the front desk team and bellmen.  The one African American female (day shift) was amazing, customer service focused, and very professional while representing the company positively each time questions were asked over the week's stay.  The corner room was comfortable and did not feel small or compact.  The bed was a king size, but honestly felt like a caliking size bed.

The only issue was on the first day, the 2 person max was missed during online booking and the front desk male employee was very defensive and uncompromising, but that was quickly addressed by the male manager coming over and making modifications that ended with a positive resolution.

Overall, not a bad experience at all.... Until next time.......

Wonderful place to stay.
Room telephones are impossible!!!

Nice hotel, could use an upgrade to be honest.

You can't beat the location (though you might be able to best the price) at this well-appointed and trend-ish venue located on "billionaires row" directly across the street from Steinway & Sons and that skinny condo building everyone talks about. The staff are efficient, though not necessarily overly friendly (it's Manhattan, after all). If you're a Hilton club member, use your points. Again, the location can't be beat for Broadway and access to many NYC icons.

Front desk, all staff are fantastic.

The room is clean and cozy. It comes with a microwave and refrigerator, which is awesome. But they don't offer bottled water or coffee for your room but they do have coffee available for everyone in the lobby downstairs in the morning. The elevator is excruciatingly slow to come that I've opted to take the stairs instead. When I went to their gym they were out of water there as well so you have no choice but to use their vending machines for water or drink from the tap. And the last thing I feel is unavoidable when buildings in general are old but I went to use the restroom and a massive cockroach went right by my feet without a care in the world. It wasn't even startled when I moved or when I took a picture of it lol it was just a natural resident of the building lol

B
Very nice hotel.

Five star only for the concierge.
They are really kind and helpful.
They help us to guide the way and find our Uber to take our luggage cross the street.
Cause we don’t know where is the Uber, and thanks for his help.

When we check in and check out is the same woman. And it’s not kind to us.
The room is no upgrade and no late check out for the diamond member.

Best hotel in New York

Less than 15 minutes away from Times Square AND Central Park!! Lots of shops, restaurants, and local dives make staying here a joy.

Clean rooms, very hospitable staff, friendly faces to greet you as you walk through the door.  Amazing experience here at the Hilton Club West 57th Street.

My two needs when booking hotels are safety and cleanliness. I loved this location.
The staffing was fantastic. They made sure we knew what was included with our stay, there were no suprises. They were willing to help us find entertainment, things to do, and places to eat in the area. The valet and doorman were accommodating by assisting me and my daughter with no hesitations and welcoming personalities. It was my daughter's first time in the city and the hotel experience was upto par to say the least. We felt safe with all their friendly/helpful staff. The cleanliness of the room was fantatic, clean and tidy, thanks to Fanny (housekeeper). A trust worthy housekeeper says a lot <3. Also, I enjoyed the convince of the checkin counter close to the entrance, with the elevators, and the room was just right upstairs as well. All the NYC hustle and bustle, this hotel made it a good experience.

Enjoyed the food and the stay.

O atendimento do hotel é atencioso e simpático, com vários funcionários sempre disponíveis no lobby. A entrada é discreta, mas as acomodações são amplas, confortáveis, modernas e bem equipadas. A Wi-Fi gratuita é ótima, a TV é grande e tem muitos canais, e a cafeteira é boa e foi utilizada diariamente. A proximidade com um supermercado 24 horas, farmácia, restaurantes e lojas é conveniente, e é possível ir a pé até o Carnegie Hall, Rockefeller Center, Times Square e Broadway, o que foi perfeito para a nossa semana aqui.

Very nice

Great location

Awesome rooms and view

Great place rooms are 5

This hotel stops you from using external video sources, so you can't plug in a Chromecast or anything. The TV just refuses to switch to the HDMI input. Also, the room's phone was dead.

Localizado a menos de 5 min a pé do Central Park, Carnegie Hall, diversas linhas do MTA, supermercado 24hs, bons restaurantes e lojas e a walking distance do Rockefeller Center, Times Square e teatros da Broadway, foi uma excelente base para uma estadia de uma semana.|A entrada é bem discreta, mas as acomodações são bastante espaçosas e confortáveis, além de modernas e bem equipadas: Wifi gratuita funciona muito bem, TV grande com ampla programação e boa máquina de café, utilizada todos os dias.|Staff atencioso e simpático no geral, com vários atendentes sempre disponíveis no lobby.

The receptionist Angelo was extremely rude and arrogant. When we walked to him he already looked annoyed. When checking in, he asked both my husband and me swiped our credit cards several times without explaining why and how much. When we asked why we have to swipe it so many times and what is it for, he gave us an attitude. He then humiliated us by purposely talking in a loud voice to his colleague saying that we are not comfortable to pay and we are apparently on a budget. We don't mind to pay but at least we have the right to know what we are paying for. He also didn't give us the wifi password nor any explanation of the owners lounge. It was a very unpleasant experience for us. Hilton club should have high standard for their customer service, but this was unacceptable.

The rooms in this place are good. They’re clean and in a good location. I also liked the breakfast, as I seemed to be able to get the it each day in the owners lounge which, even as a vegan, I managed to cobble together a delicious meal. The only downside to this hotel is no atmosphere or vibe of any kind as there’s no lobby bar. If you just want a bed with great location then book this place. If you want a “hotel” then look elsewhere. That said, there’s a great bar 2 doors west which makes a wicked old fashioned.

Great place to stay the staff was very friendly and helpful! The location is perfect and our room had great views!

I love this location. My husband and I spent our Honeymoon this past weekend. Room was spacious which is great!  The staff was so nice and understanding. They recommended some diners for us to see and we also had a discount.
We also received a complementary wine for the occasion (Honeymoon). Thank you so much for the service would 100% recommend!!

Firstly, a huge thank u to the incredible staff at the hotel for being warm, friendly and super helpful. Fannie, Ashley, Julius, the door staff, the housekeeping staff especially Jose & the kind and thorough Asian lady all took really good care of us and kept us feeling comfortable

The hotel itself is located in a fantastic spot on the west side within minutes from most things mid town and yet not too far from downtown or uptown.

The rooms are great in terms of size, cleanliness, amenities and comfort. Wish they had firmer pillows as an option. And please ensure you select a daily housekeeping service as the property is a timeshare hence not guaranteed

Facilities are thin but everything is around so no biggie

Will definitely say this is a great value option

We've stayed at several Hilton's in NYC and this was my favorite. The lobby is small but the staff is fast without rushing you.
Every single member of staff we encountered treated us like we were family. I can't say enough. The menu working outside in the freezing cold, rain and wind that held the door was so pleasant. Every member of staff was fantastic.
I highly recommend it.
The rooms were extremely clean and very large. The bathroom door does not have the bed which rocks! A lot of places can't understand that should be standard. 😂 I don't have any pictures, sadly.
For club members, the club on the second floor was very nice and again the entire staff was wonderful.

Convenient location, clean and new facilities, good services.  Like their shampoo so much!

Wonderful customer service and in a great location. They have free breakfast too which is a huge plus. I will definitely be back!

Amazing location! Central but not too noisy! Clean rooms & hotel! Staff were extremely accommodating and friendly. Received a complimentary upgrade (Shoutout to Fannie!) Room was cleaned to a high standard every time. Very comfortable room & bed. Would definitely recommend and return again! Thanks very much for an amazing stay!

The location is wonderful, the staff is even more wonderful.  I have no negative feedback for this place!  They went above and beyond several times and exceeded my expectations.

I love this location!  The penthouse is beautiful with a great view of Central Park.

Great location!! The rooms are beautiful and the service is fantastic. Rockefeller center, grand central Station, Time Square and Central Park are all within walking distance

Staff was amazing, especially the evening shift! Rooms were spacious, clean, and comfortable. Great location!

Best location next to Central Park and Carnegie hall. Easy access to subway.

Las habitaciones son excelentes, muy cómodas

We love this property and timeshare location. The long term staff proves that everyone is respected and valued here, a precedent that then translates to the guests who own here.  To be greeted by the same doormen, bellhops, front desk team, and owner's reps is so reassuring that our investment will stand strong for decades to come,
A big demerit though, goes to their new tv upgrade that is THE furthest thing from being user friendly there is.  Complicated, inconsistent, irritating at best is how I would describe the new IT system they have installed for streaming.  If you happen to not like a movie or series, you can't just make a new choice. You get bounced out, have to reboot, and register again, over and over.  The algorithm does not remember you, so every single time you want to make a change, you must start all over. !!!!  :(
Simplicity is the key to happiness here, and with the average age being 60 plus who own here, a revision of this brand new system is already in order, or this property will fall in the overall ratings.
But other than that (which is a big deal which is why I am noting it in this review), we absolutely LOVE everything about this extraordinary property. Kudos to not only the management, but every single person who works here...by far the most amazing staff in NYC, hands down.
Thank you for always making it feel like we have come home when we visit. We will be returning for decades to come!!!

I appreciate the time Hilton took explaining their position. Thank you.

Nothing but the best from Hilton Club & Hilton Grand Vacations!!

A very good location. The Help Desk staff are polite and courteous.

Very noisy, we wete on the 12 floor, lots of street noise but very nice hotel and staff was impeccable!

Yay! 57th Club! Went for Kiddos 21st Birthday and had a blast! The associates are smiling, welcoming and helpful. I was with  Four 21 year olds and the staff treated us all like we were family. The rooms are great. Location was perfect. Plenty of places to get food etc...Hop Hip Hooray for a successful trip. Heyyyy Alexander frim Cali!

Very great place to stay
First the location 10 minutes from Times Square, next to Central Parc
Second very clean, shampoo and soap available in the bathroom, coffee machine and water
Third very friendly staff
But very noisy (trucks by night, construction) and no bar or restaurant in the hotel

Always stay here, we are owners.

Excellent place to sleep and relax after a busy day in the city. Beds very comfortable. Extremely clean. No dining on-site, so it's just a hotel, not a resort. Pic is view outside of room 1101.

Fantastic hotel!!

Stayed only one night but I will stay here every chance I get. The room and bath were spacious. The little touches from k-cup in the room, wine opener and robes made me feel at home. A small boutique hotel a block from the Russian Tea Room and just a short walk to Central Park. We easily walked to our Broadway show and dinner. A lovely spot.

Notre sejour s'est très bien deroulé. La chambre était spacieuse et la literie très confortable. Le personnel était également très agréable, un vrai plaisir ! Pour finir, le petit déjeuner et le lounge variés venaient parfaire le sejour.

The staff was kind and helpful, rooms clean and the location is excellent.

Very clean,  staff very friendly.

Functional studio room. Floor is quiet.

My wife and I stayed in a studio Sept. 2 and 3rd 2023 and found the property to be clean, the staff friendly/helpful and in a great location. There were plenty of restaurants near by and Times Square was only about 10-15 minute walk away. The rooms were very clean, no bedbugs or other insects could be found and there was a decent amount of storage space for a studio. I'm giving 4/5 stars because they charge a short stay fee of about $90 if you stay less than 3 nights. I feel that the hotel is expensive enough that you shouldn't have to be squeezed for an extra $90 if you are only staying for the weekend. We would return for sure!

Had a great time at this Hilton property over the weekend. It's in a great location if you're looking to do more family friendly activities like walking to Central Park to visit the Central Park Zoo, splash pads, and playgrounds! It's also a short train ride to the Children's Museum of Manhattan! Staff were super awesome and welcoming! Would definitely stay here again!

Staff extremely accommodating and genuinely interested in our comfort

Very nice central location to visit NYC! 5 minute walk to central park. A few feet from the subway stop that connects to many of the tourist spots like the statue of Liberty and the 911 Memorial.  Very helpful staff!

Great location, friendly service, quite floors

Nice Hilton, the bedroom is a great size. It was clean. The bed is super comfortable. The robes are amazingly soft. The views are pretty good. It's easy to get around from here. It's a bit far from the train station.

West 57th Street is our NYC home away from Texas and we love the time we get to spend there.  It's more intimate than a larger hotel, the rooms are generous and design / comfort is top notch.  The location is fabulous with some of our favorite restaurants very nearby.

Outside I stayed at 57th St., Hilton club the rooms were a beautiful, beautiful space the one bedroom suite it is gorgeous the service was excellent. I enjoyed every moment I  purchased, and I own a deed while I was there. I am excited. I am now a Hilton owner. Vaccination the Hilton is a great place to spend your vacation anywhere in the world. I have experienced great service, love and hospitality⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

I love the location of this property, right i within walking distance of everything.  Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center.  I highly recommend.  If your Hilton honors member you might have access to the lounge area just asked at the desk. Across the street is the Quinn by Hilton another great property

We LOVED staying at this Hilton! The rooms were a great size for NYC, very clean and the hotel staff went above and beyond. The location in the city is great- very close to Central Park, Columbus Circle and in between two subway stops that can get you most places. We will absolutely stay there again.

Bad manager Ronald Ortega! Construction noise all night all morning. The water was extremely hot at sink no cold water at all in room burned my daughter hands. I called They sent Patrick to fix the problem. thee best on the staff he had to do some work and adjust the water temperature. The plumber can back  with chocolate and wine no call or apology from management. He didn’t acknowledge or address the situation on his own. I had to come to front desk and he refuse to give my daughter an approximate apology. I am a HGV owner too!

Great service. Rooms are on smaller side but very nice & comfortable

Absolutely lovely stay… home away from home. The staff were so pleasant and kind

Great room and service by all staff.

Disappointing Experience with the Front Desk Staff**

I recently stayed at a Hilton property and was quite taken aback by the unprofessional behavior of the front desk staff. As a customer who booked through Expedia, I felt as though I was not treated with the respect and courtesy that I deserved. I strongly suggest that Hilton invests more time and resources in training their employees to ensure a consistently high level of service for all guests, regardless of their booking platform. It's unfortunate to see such a renowned brand fall short in this aspect.

We visit here 1 - 2 times a year. The staff is consistently well and helpful.  Great views from the street facing Central Park and from the side facing the Empire State Building.  There are tons of restaurants within walking distance for all price ranges. Close enough to Times Square without the crowds. You can typically walk to shows within 15 to 20 minutes of the curtain going up.

I had an incredible experience at this hotel, and I want to give a glowing review, especially for one exceptional employee who stood out from the rest. The penthouse accommodations were outstanding, offering luxury and comfort. The location of the hotel was superb, providing convenient access to nearby attractions.I want to express my deepest appreciation for the exceptional service provided by May G her professionalism , and warm hospitality truly elevated my stay. The entire staff their went above and beyond to ensure that every aspect of my visit was impeccable, making my family and I feel valued as a guests. Thank you once again to the hotel, May G all the employees for an exceptional experience. I will undoubtedly be returning and recommending this hotel to friends, family, and colleagues.

Superb location,  we walked to all the tourist areas and had easy access to public transportation when desired.

Excellent location, super staff, rooms are very comfortable and it feels just like home. ❤️

Great experience every time I'm in NYC! Amazing location as well!

Standard rooms with nice bathrooms.  Great location. Service didn't wow us by any means.

Great area and a very friendly staff.

Wonderful property!!!

Great place to stay. Everyone was very professional and gave information that was useful.

Great view, comfortable furniture, room layout is very good.

The bed was super comfortable. The hotel staff were really nice. The area feels safe and easy access to the Subway. Would 100% recommended!!

This Club is my favorite NYC Hilton Club with some amazing others to choose from. I was on a business trip and was treated like I was a member of that household in that hotel.  At each step, the service was World-class by each member. Highly recommend this club for business travel.

This is our favorite place to stay in NYC! The staff is wonderful and always remember us when we come back, even if it’s been over a year! The Owner’s Lounge is available for breakfast and happy hour and everything is delicious. Rooms are clean and updated. I love taking a bath in the bathtub to relax! Central Park is two blocks away, Radio City and Carnegie Hall are just a short walk away. Easy access to walk to see a show. Love our home away from home!

Lauren and I spent three nights at the Hilton Club on West 57th in Manhattan.  We had a great experience.  We arrived early and were able to leave our luggage in a lock up.  Our room wasn’t ready but the staff notified us when it was - yes it was ready early.  The room was clean and bright.  Great sized bathroom.  The bed was comfy and the room also offered us a small sitting area in front of large windows overlooking West 57th.  We would certainly entertain staying here again if and when we travel to NYC again.  Great location to explore the Upper West and East sides, Central Park and Midtown.  Also close to the F subway line!  Thanks to the team for making our stay memorable!

Real friendly staff. The room was nice. Coffee maker and mini fridge. Convenient to a ton of shops and restaurants. Central Park is two blocks away.

Clean quiet rooms, professional and courteous staff!

Phenomenal location, room and service !

The rooms and hotel staff are great. There is no other place I would stay in newyork they are NUMBER ONE!!!!

Excellent hotel we could not fault

Delightful visit from start to finish. The rooms are absolutely beautiful, the staff is helpful, and it's at a perfect central location, in walking distance to so many of the NY landmarks we were visiting.

A favorite in great location

Best location & best staff!
We were there on a family trip for Easter weekend. Ovie is always such a delight to see & took really good care of us as always. Location is perfect, with trains at each end of the block, you can access anywhere super quickly and conveniently. Only 2 blocks from Central Park. We love this place.

The staff at this location were wonderful but Ovie stood out. He was amazing with suggestions and accommodations for these two ladies from Detroit. He deserves a raise! We had a great time!

Rooms are nice even though small. Service is great and location superb

우선 가격이 다른 호텔에 비해 좋습니다 맨하탄에서 돌아다니면서 3군데 비슷한 가격대에 묵었는데 방 컨디션은 제일 좋았습니다. 객실 뷰는 없었지만 막히지는 않았고 뒷쪽뷰라 조용해서 좋았습니다. 센트럴파크 가깝고 직원분들 친절합니다. 센트럴파크 가까운호텔 중 가성비를 찾으신다면 이 호텔을 강추합니다

Great stay in comfortable luxury with 5 star service. I would give it more stars if I had access to a bathtub to have all of my comforts of home but they did also provide nice robes and an umbrella for that rainy day. Thanks for everything and to the wonderful staff!
Love, Eric and Michelle from Chicago

The rooms are new and the facility is right on Billionaires Row south of Central Park. You can walk to Lincoln Center and see a Met Opera performance (we did).

The staff were great the first night until we went to the time share presentation and of course said that there was no way that we would be buying a time share based on their outrageous fees, commitment and initial start up cost. Plus, there majority of the locations my wife and I love to visit area unavailable unless you use points. The room was great with an amazing view but the wifi was horrible and there was no room service or bar on site.

Favorite spot for a quick stay in a great midtown location. Staff is wonderful & rooms are top notch.

Great location with outstanding service.

Great customer service…front desk…Cheryl and Jonathan went above and beyond!!

We loved the experience of staying here. Xiomara and Ovie were great. Staff in general was really helpful.

No kitchen and no microwave. Just a hotel room without room service. The staff is awesome.

The hotel is in an excellent location,  making it easy to get around. The rooms were very nice, and the service was good. We had a suite with a soaking tub with views of Central Park. It would have been nice if there was an area where we could just grab a quick breakfast before heading out. There's a coffee pot and mini muffins near the front desk, which was ok. All in all, we had a great stay!

Great location in the giant world of New York City.

Quality experience. Great location, great price and great customer service.

Amazing location and super clean room and the most friendly staff you’ll find anywhere. Food, entertainment, sights to see all within close walking distance. Will be back for sure.

I have been a long term Hilton loyalist and diamond member for years.  This is prob one of the worst Hilton experiences I have stayed in:  employees and staff have been rude and not helpful, despite confusing info online there is no food (no in room dining  or continental breakfast….not even a cracker.  But, They do have free cucumber water fountain in the lobby!), and the “concierge” services they offer….again:  not helpful.  For the price of this hotel—-DO NOT STAY HERE.  I come to the city regularly, and am still a Hilton loyal customer—but will never stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone.

We have generally always enjoyed our stays at Hilton Clubs and have stayed here before. Unfortunately , this time around , have had 3 items to have to report and we just got here

1.  Hand sink drain was clogged and slow draining. Requested Maintenance to look at this.
2. Mixing valve in the shower had issues . Water comes out wither very cold or very hot . You have to play with the valve to try to get warm water without burning yourself or taking a cold shower.
3. The hair dryer is defective. When my wife pulled the plug out , the plug separated at the middle exposing the electric prong components inside . A shock hazard. We called guest services and had the hairdryer replaced
4. The mixing valve was still defective and two days later, after almost getting burned in the shower again, Engineering changed the mixing valve ......

My Family and I really enjoyed our stay here. The employees were all so nice and helpful. everything was perfect!!

Well designed rooms and comfortable
media services and valet parking

Not a typical hotel environment. Most units are tied to an arrangement similar to time share ownership. Rooms are on the smaller size but are clean and very well maintained. A private breakfast is available for owners and their invited contacts. City noise should be expected at all hours.

I would recommend family and friends to stay at this Hilton for it’s Superb customer service and it’s location.

This property is top drawer! The best that Hilton has to offer. The best location on Manhatten, 2 short blocks south of Cental Park on West 57th one of the widest and most pedestrian friendly streets in New York. Not to be missed. Clean, modern, and accomodating.

I’m a Hilton Honors member so I stay at Hilton  99% of the time.
This property was a cut above the other 5 or 6 I stayed at this year.
You are warmly greeted immediately by the doorman.
The front desk staff are friendly and efficient.
From the moment I entered the room, I could smell that it had been disinfected. I have no smell sensitivities so for me, it was something I appreciated.
The bathroom was beautiful, with a large shower and both overhead shower head and a  massage handheld sprayer.
There were adequate toiletries and big beautiful towels.
The king size bed actually had king size pillows. None of the other 6 Hilton’s I stayed at used king size pillows. They all had standard so seeing a properly made bed suggested to me that this Hilton truly cares about their guests comfort.
The bed was firm but this seems to be the case at every hotel I stay at.
I could smell the bleach on the sheets which again, I loved. I knew my bed was made fresh for me.
The mini fridge was fantastic. My drinks stayed very cold.
We will definitely return to this property.

Die Lage des Hotels ist ausgezeichnet, alles sehr schnell erreichbar, Central Park, Times Square. Schön und modern eingerichtet. Die Personal war sehr hilfsbereit und freundlich. Während der Woche wurde nur einmal geputzt, es war aber in Ordnung. Es waren genügend Handtücher dabei.

Greatly enjoyed the one bedroom suite with a big soaking bathtub. The modern tech of the rooms includes streaming to the two TVs and wireless charging pads in the room. The suite is extremely spacious and has lots of storage as well as an in room safe.

West 57th is very good location but the customer service is the worst I have ever experienced in all the NYC Hilton Club.

I love it here and stay here most times I come to New York.  It's like a home away from home.  The staff is nice and accommodating.  The rooms are modern.  There isn't a restaurant on the premises but there are plenty around you.  It's New York. :)

Great rooms great location in walking distance to Central Park Times Square and so many restaurants to choose from All the staff were wonderful

This Hotel, is in a great location. The Staff were courteous and make you feel at home. The surrounding restaurants were great. We loved our stay and look forward to visiting again.

First time staying here. Staff is amazing. Rooms are gorgeous. Conveniently located.

I am sure I made the right choice in booking with this Hotel. The location is great, about 2 blocks away from Central Park. Subway stations are really all around this place if you need to take the subway. There's also a loading and unloading area for vehicles. The rooms are cozy and the price is very reasonable. The staff were so friendly and helpful and will really make you at home.

The location is perfect to access many of NYC activities. The Park is only 3 blocks away. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Staff was super helpful and courteous.

Checked in late because our flight was delayed and the service was phenomenal! My kids were hungry and the Lady at the front desk called for pizza delivered to our hotel. Room was beautiful and location was perfect for our vacation!

We stayed here on a promo for HGV. We did not get access to the Concierge Lounge and facilities as promised. Front desk staff were dismissive when questioned about it.

Our room was tired and needed some love. The carpet was old. Th3 vinyl flooring was lifting/bubbling and the edges were torn. The sliding bathroom door didn't close properly. The seating was beat up.

If this property was supposed to entice us to buy into the Hilton Grand Vacations program it failed.

Our family of four enjoyed our 3 nights stay here during Xmas.  The premier suite was spacious. The staffs were awesome in response to our inquiries.  However, the burning hot water issue never get resolved in our unit which causing shower time, brushing teeth and washing face such a nightmare!

This is the perfect location to stay in Manhattan because you are centrally located. Whole Foods is walkable and the subway is very close. Central Park is only a couple of blocks away. There is valet parking. The room was well furnished and the bed and the two side chairs were very comfortable. I would recommend staying here.

Very  comfortable!!!

At this place, I was racially profiled and called racist names by white employees. On top of this, I had the great time of getting challenged to a fist fight by a worker outside and threatened and hurled insults when I did not oblige. I’m pretty sure it was the manager watching and laughing while this happened. Rude, racist, and terrible people. Read the recent reviews.

NY市で初のタイムシェア物件として開発されたホテルだそうで、カーネギーホールの近くと立地は抜群です。|コロナ禍の2021年に、こちらのオーナーとなってからは今回が初めての訪問で、７日間の滞在。部屋は33㎡、シャワーのみでしたが快適でした。|オーナーのみ利用できるラウンジで提供される朝食＆カクテルタイムで滞在費も抑えられて良かったです。朝食はベーグルが充実しており、自分で作るワッフルも〇。感謝祭の夜にはターキーを食べることが出来ました。

Great rooms. Friendly staff

Pretty nice looking hotel but they don’t allow babies/cribs to stay in the studios 😠

The room was well done and clean. Service was excellent when I asked for feather free. They are excavating across the street that you can hear if facing the street. Some minor room noise between rooms.

Gorgeous suite in the timeshare part of the Hilton. I gave it 5 stars because there were two operable windows and that makes a huge difference to me.

Noise

Amazing staff, but after nearly 10 years of frequenting W57th, it feels very dated. There’s definitely good bones, like the showers and vanity, but furniture, room appointments, walls, curtains, and small items all feel like they’re stuck in the past. Not to mention the “owners lounge” breakfast is the same continental breakfast you can get at a Holiday Inn, maybe with less selection here. The general disarray of midtown is impacting upper midtown now so I would consider alternatives, specifically those further from the chaos of a 6 lane highway outside of the entrance with no direct greenspace to shield.

I travelled to NYC solo and for the first time in 20 years to meet my coworkers for the first time in person.  The city is overwhelming and the trip was ripe with stress. The hotel is lovely. The front desk staff is ok. But the doormen were fantastic. Knowing when I was stressed and overwhelmed. Greeting guests every morning with a kind word and a smile and going out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and could relax after long and exhausting days. Going above and beyond. One in particular was Ivy who is a fantastic doorman and an asset to the Hotel. This will be my hotel for all my future quarterly trips to the city.

Nice spot, utilized it for my HGV trip. Not really welcomed as a club member but not sure if they knew that which surprised me. Nice hotel, clean and spacious rooms. Happy overall.

Very luxury oriented. Very clean, spacious rooms

First time in New York and we had such a great stay here! Staff is super friendly and helpful. Every time we called front desk to request items, we received them within minutes. Hotel was very clean too! Highly recommended when visiting New York =)

We stayed there recently for a weekend trip. Love this place.  The room has a small living room with a separate TV.  The bed has the reading light and the bed stand has the foot light.  You can watch movies on TV by screen mirroring.  The location is the best, conveniently connected to everywhere by subway.

Fabulous rooms, breakfast included, walk to all attractions, and Carnegie Hall. Where else can you claim to live on billionaire's row?

Location was great.

Room are very nice modern clean and great staff

I'll start by saying the staff at this hotel were as usual fantastic.  Many long time staff work here which says something (good) about the management. Also, the beds are excellent. However, we were disappointed when we visited las week at some of the cheap looking aspects of the much touted renovations. Specifically, the very nicely designed chairs were replaced by cheap looking and uncomfortable white chairs.  The wall with bizarre brown stripe material on them looks so dated, and there is no art in the main room. The large dark brown furniture looks worn and dated and the bathroom door is almost impossible to open (both in one bedroom and studio.) The original design of this hotel was modern, tasteful and beautiful, now the rooms look bland and unforgettable. The hall carpet is a loud design, again, not in keeping with the original tasteful hotel design.  I realize carpet choice is subjective.

Always a pleasure to stay at this beautiful property with the welcoming, friendly staff. I especially appreciated the excellent service from Anthony, Sheril and Regine. The owner's lounge, housekeeping and doormen staff are also top-notch. Can't wait until my next visit!

Very nice, upscale property. Calm, quiet atmosphere. Very comfortable beds.

I wish I could add more stars to this review. The service that I received from the staff was Exceptional and they made me feel that for those days that I spent in their care that I was the only person in New York. Special thanks to Krystyna, Regine and Jaime, you GUYS ROCK!!! Definitely will be returning for any future visits to New York.

Always a wonderful stay.

The room looks great, remodeled and clean. But....
Mattress is like LA (or NYC) streets... It had a big pot hole and when you slide into it it's hard to get out. Seriously... Worst part is that when complained about it, they kinda said I am lying (they said they check them often and they are good). Noone came to check, no effort to correct the problem. Mattress should be the absolute number one priority for any hotel owner or hotel manager especially at this price range and for this category at this location. If you don't understand why, then you should get out of the hospitality business.
Also check out at 10:00 am. Don't recall any hotel requiring such an early check out. I don't recall either having asked for a late checkout elsewhere (typically 2 pm when I have an EOD flight) and being denied. This is not a small hotel and there are for sure some clients who check in very late. Anyway I was expecting more at this nightly rate.

Well, it's near Carnegie ... and Billionaire's Row ... and that's about all the positives it has going for it.  I checked in, opened the door and was certain they had mistakenly given me a keycard to the closet instead of the actual room.  This might be a good place to stay if you've never actually stayed anywhere nice in Manhattan, but it's a hard-pass for me after that first experience.  It was clean and the staff was friendly, so those are certainly worth mentioning.

Such a pleasant place to stay in the city.  It's location is great... close to central park, museums,  Broadway and great well known resturants  and 5th Avenue shopping.  They also have valet parking.   The staff in the lobby are super helpful.  They have coffee in the am and iced tea in the afternoon.  Also, cookies.   I have stayed at the location at many times.
Especially when I'm seeing shows on Broadway or Lincoln Center or seeing a special art exhibit. I have not seen all this area of NYC has to offer yet.  GO FOR A GOOD New York visit.

Great Location, 3 min walk from the best locations in New York. Rooms are very nice and modern. Wish there is more acitivities in the hotel

Great beds, fantastic staff, wonderful accommodations!

I would visit again and again.  The guest service provided can't be beat.

Best place to stay in NYC!
Location location location...
Very clean. Friendly staff, efficient, and plenty too!

Great place to visit.

Great location, only a few blocks from many tourist spots. Nice staffs. I was able to check in earlier than the normal check in time. Thanks.

Attentive Staff,  Great Location,  Pretty Nice Rooms...

Great location. Subway is about a block away. Two blocks from central park and Radio City Music hall.

Bob Bruno is the most helpful hotel staff! He will welcome you kindly and teach you how to get around.  It was a wonderful experience and we can't wait to visit again.  The location is perfect! So perfect we just stumbled into time square!

This hotel is conveniently located just a short walk from Central Park and Times Square. The place is spotless, the staff is welcoming, and overall, the rooms are nice (just like the majority of Hilton Grand Vacations places).

Good location and Staff is very friendly.

Free snacks. I attended a meeting at 45th floor nice ambience I love it

Visited during time share presentation. No microwave in the room, but was brought up when requested.

This “boutique” Hilton club hotel was excellent! From the first day - they welcomed my husband and myself, they were attentive, and truly personalized our anniversary vacation! The staff all knew us by name and never a moment did we walk by the front desk that we were not greeted! We only stay at Hilton hotels (large ones, small ones), but this one was by far one of the best and most-accommodating ones we have stayed at. As native New Yorkers ourselves, living in Florida, we truly and wholeheartedly recommend this Hilton club on 57th St. between 6th & 7th Avenue to anyone who is looking for an excellent NYC location, close to Central Park South, close to museums and transit, that has an excellent fitness center, and employs the professional personnel who truly live to assure your stay is the best.

Great location. Fabulous room. Beautifully furnished and clean. The most comfortable bed!!! Very courteous and professional staff. Loved it so much, we will return.

Resort not really...the staff really made the trip for me!! Ivis, Jamie??? forgive me if I don't have the names correct. 57th value your employee!!! They go above and beyond without fail.

Clean hotel. Comfortable beds and pillows. We stayed for just under a week. We were told room service would be on Thursday; they came by on Wednesday. Elevators were smooth even during busy times- one was nearly always on the ground level. The guys offering assistance with bags and holding the doors were super friendly and always wished us a good day; safe travels when we left. Location is incredible. We stayed on the 12th floor; view is in the photos. Only a small fridge that can hold leftovers for two from two dinners. Shower was wonderful.

Counter employees were “smug”. Treated customers based on their clothing (it appeared, anyway, in my observations while waiting for different services in the lobby). Were happy to help when we were dressed up, but slow to assist when I was in jeans.

I traveled with my sister in law. I am an owner- I was falsely told by three different people I could attend the information brief at this location and receive a gift without my husband present (“just do it anyway”, “wear your ring on your right hand”). I arrived for my brief (wearing my ring on my left hand and had been open about my recent marriage to everyone I spoke to) to be turned away by a manager and told I would also not receive the gift. He stated that they called me “several times” to cancel, but I did not receive any calls on my cell phone nor noticed any messages on my room phone.

I appreciate being an owner with HGVC, but did not appreciate these side tactics instead of just telling me that it wasn’t available for me this time. I saw a review below that aso had a last minute cancellation. Just be open and honest with your owners- we prefer that. I will likely stay at a different HGV property when I visit NYC again.

Workers were pleasant, and helpful. Nice facility

Experience was amazing!!!

Exceptional location, clean rooms, wonderful staff!! Limited amenities (e.g., no microwave or kitchenette, no snacks or vending machines). Unfortunately, not one of their best properties, but a lovely choice of location for broadway shows. My family and I had two suites. We love NYC!

The facilities are spotless and comfortable and the staff is extremely accommodating. Plus the location cannot be beat!

We would highly recommend this hotel. We stayed with our young children in a one bedroom premier suite. The staff was phenomenal. The suite was spacious, clean, and well-appointed. It was the perfect retreat after a long day of exploring the city. Location is excellent. Walking distance to Central Park, Rockefeller Center, and many other attractions and restaurants. Booking with Hilton is very convenient, and you can always expect a clean and pleasant stay.

The location of this hotel is perfect.  Right next to central park and near multiple subway stations.  Rooms were clean and comfortable.  I would recommend they include microwaves in the room but that's it.

Great location and staff were absolutely amazing. Walking distance to most of everything. Only want to stay here when we are in town!

Room was clean and service acceptable. They invited my wife and I to attend an upgrade of our HGVC membership. We have been members for 20 years. They gave us an appointment, then called back later that evening and canceled it and said that we did not qualify for it. Shoddy way of doing business with an HGVC owner. Very disappointed. I decided to rather upgrade my membership with Marriott Vacations Club, who were happy to have me. I certainly hope that Hilton doesn't treat all their owners like that. They haven't in the past, but I guess that must be their new way of doing business, since they appear so smug with their purchase of Diamond Resorts,  a middle quality travel club.

Very nice place to stay

Great staff, The room was small but well-appointed. Hint rooms close to elevator have no view: 802,and probably 801 I know have no view to anything but another building. There is also no lobby space. The gym is very much what I expect of Hilton-- free weights, multiple bikes, treadmills etc,cable weight machine, benches. Location is great. 2 blocks from central park, half block from Russian Tea room. Tons of upscale dining in the area. I would return to this property without hesitation.

They will not make the bed! I asked them to make the bed and they flat out said NO! This is also a timeshare place so they will try to get you to go to a timeshare presentation. Better places to stay in NYC without the hassle.

My stay at the Hilton Club West 57th Street was amazing.   The staff was very friendly, and helpful.  Regine and Julius were exceptional and made my husband and I feel like a part of the Hilton Family.  It was a great pleasure to meet them, and they treated us with such warmth, and kindness.  They made my 50th birthday celebration very special and I'm truly grateful.

Great room renovations; refused to honor discount parking rate they initially quoted.

OMG...The term billionaire row does not give this location justice. You are walking distance to Everything that is NY NY including TKTS. The Hilton Club delivers as Always. I had a Premiere studio which was the size of a 2br in a hotel. The living room sofa was not only plush and amazing but turns out a sleeper sofa. Staff is the epitome of Professionalism. Although the weekend I stayed was New Yorks blizzard in February you could not tell with all the activity. This location is a Must on your list for 2022.

Really nice rooms, great views of 57th St. Staff was excellent, esp. the bellhop Jaimie, who was super friendly and super helpful. Would not hesitate to recommend to my friends and family.

I heard it’s a nice hotel however I stayed there and my room was basic….. I did a time share so that might be the reason for my basic experience after I was promised a luxurious time

Great staff, accommodations was in point, room was spotless and close by to shopping and entertainment and good eats. Weekend trip to NYC WAS BOMB!

This is my go to place in this part of NYC. I come here to work to avoid distractions and close to client offices. Modern (updated) clean rooms and awesome staff. Convenient to subway and to the theatre district. Endless options for great restaurants within a few blocks. P.S. asked for a microwave and it was brought to my room in less than 5 mns.

We loved this property. I previously was an owner with Marriott, and it was frankly disappointing, but Hilton has far exceeded my expectations for quality and value. This is a beautiful, perfectly situated property,  convenient to everything. Definitely try the chicken noodle soup and the polenta at Brooklyn Diner. (You get 15% of with the card provided by the hotel fyi.)

Great accommodations and staff at an easily accessible New York location for fun!

We stayed 2 nights in a hotel room.  We had no access to the club.  The room was very nice and comfortable.

Nice place to stay in the upper part of the Theatre District. Surprisingly quite street and area, which is a good find for Manhattan. Excellent staff. Accommodations are some of the best we have experienced here. We were able to stay here via an RCI exchange. You can stay here as an exchange or by joining Hilton Grand Vacations.

The staff was amazing and very helpful! Love the location and the room was very nice and comfy!

This is our fifth stay at Hilton club W57. We love this hotel: the staff are helpful and friendly, the location is right next to central park, and the rooms are spacious and clean. We are facing 57th this time, on the 12th floor, and we do not hear noose from the street.

The staff are very friendly and helpful

Great couple 💑  of days

Beautiful property, excellent service and wonderful location!

日本、本帰国前にニューヨーク弾丸ツアーの時に利用させていただきました。
フェリー乗り場からも近くすごく便の良いところでした。
たまたまなのか部屋からはアッパー湾が見えてとても良かったです。
また貿易センタービルまで歩いていける距離なのでこれまた最高最高でした。

また行きたいですね👍

Best hotel very friendly staff especially martin he went the extra mile telling us how to get around! We will definitely come back!

Hotel super consigliato. Personale disponibile e posizione ottima vicino la metro e a Wall Street. Martin ci ha dato molti consigli ed era a disposizione.

O hotel é excelente, com quarto, cama e banheiros amplos. Limpeza muito boa. Atendimento cordial. O acesso é facilitado com estação de metrô na esquina. Um pouco longe dos pontos turísticos (20 min de metrô de downtown) e a região fica um pouco deserta a noite e nos finais de semana.

This is our fifth time staying at this hotel and always an absolute pleasure. Well located and super clean. Friendly staff and great value for money. Shout out to Matin who has always been so helpful. Legend!

The staff are very helpful and did an amazing job with recommendations and service. Nice water views and close to many restaurants and the Staten Island Ferry and more. Will stay here again.

Ac sucks. Really hot throughout the night. 1000 dollars for 2 nights. Not staying again, that's for sure.

This hotel was so nice. The employees were friendly, rooms were clean, and inviting, food was delicious!

First time at this hotel and loved it. Next to all the financial district locations and WTC. Loved its near Wallstreet too. In front of statan island ferry terminal. Friendly staff. Clean rooms. Definitely go back when in town.

Nice place

We had great experience with Martin and Am. The whole state was amazing. Good location.

All the services were great and Martin Itaidi really helped getting cars and local advice. Great stay!!!

The rooms are very good, location is great and the staff is very helpful specially Martin, he is very kind and always asking and trying to help any guest!

Martin, Kay and Zamira very responsive and attentive. They helped with all questions and accommodations.

Good location, close to the South Ferry station. Comfortable beds and friendly reception staff. Housekeeping came every day and changed our towels etc. |Downside was that our room was really dusty all over and, although we were on the 22nd floor, the roadwork noise outside was loud in the mornings.

Check in was great and all of the front desk staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. The location is brilliant and the room was spacious, bed comfortable etc but the room had not been cleaned properly. I found hairs in the bathroom, dust on the surfaces and bedside tables and lotion stuck to the hair dryer. They don’t even give you complimentary water in the room. Really disappointed. Luckily I was only staying for 2 nights but I was very busy and did not have time to deal with the issue upon check in. I contacted Hilton about this issue after check out and have received no response.

Appreciated Martin and Heidi helping us out with luggage storage - above and beyond!

It was a lovely experience, we got to stay in one of the higher level rooms with awesome views! Everything was neat and clean and the service was great as well. I especially enjoyed interacting with Kay at front desk, she was the sweetest ever and checked in with us multiple times to make sure we were comfortable! Thank you, Kay!

Nice spacious and clean room. Very comfy bed.
Quiet location, only noise near our room on 21st floor was the ice machine beside us when people used it it was loud. A better location for that may be a good idea.

You must request your room to be serviced.

Staff were so nice and helpful. Very efficient and pleasant.
Hotel is a good location, downtown and near a subway station, battery park and the Staten island ferry all across the street.

The experience was good, we had a calm stay and the hotel staff did everything do help us be comfortable. Martin was very friendly and supportive finding our way back to the airport when we left. Thank you

Tout était parfait : l’hôtel, l’emplacement, la nourriture 👌|À recommander sans hésiter ! |Merci à Martin pour ses conseils.

The rooms are nice and clean, but the air conditioner does not work properly. My complaint is regarding the bartender, Andre. We decided to stop by the bar at 10:30pm. The bartender Andre greeted us with a long face. I asked for a Chardonnay, and he misunderstood; I said it in Spanish: white wine. He served it in a dirty glass with lipstick on it. I told him this glass was dirty, and he kept looking for one, but all the ones on the shelf were dirty. I told him, " Give me a beer instead and then he got upset because he expected me to drink the wine that was in that filthy glass. I told him I’m not drinking this. He was going to pass the wine from the dirty glass to another. Are you serious? Hilton, train your employees right and keep your glasses clean. That's very unhygienic. He was rude, not friendly, and unprofessional. We have stayed here before, and this is our first bad experience truly enjoy the location.

Exceptional customer service

Das Hotel war super sauber und der Service war sehr nett. Besonders Martin hat uns am Tag der Abreise extra geholfen und unsere Gepäck für die letzten Stunden verwahrt.

Martin and victor were an extreme help with our stay and made an amazing experience for me and my friend!

A decent hotel for NYC - great value for money. Shampoo and conditioners were empty when I checked in (why don’t housekeepers just systematically replenish after each guest checks out)? Other than that, it was decent.

Laura and Zamira were very profesional and assisted us with our needs. Rafael helped us with our heavy bags. Doris R did a great job with our room. The restaurant staff were also very profesional and nice. Excellent place to stay.

I absolutely loved my stay at the Hilton Garden Inn NYC Financial Center. From the moment I checked in, the front desk staff was so professional and genuinely kind, which made a great first impression.

The room itself was beautiful, very clean, and surprisingly spacious. The bed was extremely comfortable, I slept so well every night. Housekeeping did an amazing job keeping everything fresh and spotless during my stay.

One of my favorite parts was the bathroom. It was huge with really good lighting, which made getting ready so easy.

The location was also super convenient. Everything was close by, and it made getting around the city really simple.

Overall, I had such a great experience and would definitely stay here again!

I’ll start with the positives: the hotel has an excellent location and the breakfasts are really tasty.Unfortunately, the rest of the stay was quite disappointing.At check-in, we were told there had been a leak in the room and that there was a stain on the carpet. That wasn’t a huge issue for us. But the room itself was very small — especially around the beds. Looking at the floor plan, other rooms seemed to have a much better layout.Bottled drinking water wasn’t replaced in the room. When we asked, we were told it was “complimentary” — but that didn’t explain why it wasn’t restocked.The TV remote didn’t work — but to be fair, it was replaced quickly. The sink drain was stuck shut — also fixed promptly. Towels weren’t changed until we specifically requested it.When the shampoo ran out, they first brought shower gel and just left it on the bed. After asking again, they replaced it with shampoo — but never refilled the dispenser in the shower, even after several days of housekeeping.The wardrobe for coats is in the far corner of the room, so you can’t hang your jacket by the entrance — you have to walk through the whole room first.Overall, the room was very dusty — thick dust on the safe, wardrobe, and microwave, which clearly hadn’t been wiped in a long time.Great location and breakfast, but the cleanliness and attention to detail really let this hotel down.

Todo perfecto |Martin fue muy amable y servicial ||Kay es perfecta en el mostrador

I had a great business trip thanks to this hotel. The business center was very useful, and the lounge offered a quiet space to catch up on emails. The staff handled my late check-out request smoothly. I will be recommending this to my colleagues.

hotel itself was fine. room was clean and solid amenities. but the service was not. front desk staff made a billing error and i had to waste an hour of my time on the phone with customer service.

Camere pulite e belle e hotel in ottima posizione. Personale gentile Colazione pessima solo uova salsiccia e patate con aglio. Non è possibile che abbiate da due giorni finito yogurt greco e fragole un’oca cosa salutare visto tutto quello che si paga. Mi dispiace ma non accetto un servizio di questo tipo. Chi ha intolleranze alimentari come me non può mangiare nulla se non uova per 5 giorni. Non lo trovo professionale.

My boyfriend and I just checked in today and we are beyond disappointed. The rooms are so small that there isn’t enough space for us to have our suitcases out, but there also isn’t any space for us to put them away either. The closet they provide can hold about 5 hangers and there isn’t enough room for even one suitcase let alone two, so we’re just having to walk around or over our suitcases constantly. The room is also very dirty and we found hair in the bed, the shower, as well as the tv stand. The toilet was the worst part and I actually gagged when I saw how filthy it was. My boyfriend even went downstairs to see if we can pay to upgrade our room but they said this was the largest room they had? They also didn’t seem concerned that the room wasn’t cleaned properly so maybe this was just standard for them since the hallways were stained and smelly.

They were kind to upgrade us for our anniversary to a room with a water view but the “water view” is nearly nonexistent because there is a giant building blocking the entire view anyways so at best, you’ll get a sliver of the water. The location overall is decent but it’s so incredibly windy so close to the water that it’s difficult to comfortably enter and leave the hotel. The hotel staff are fine but they don’t seem knowledgeable about the hotel itself. There was a sign promoting happy hour so when I asked the front desk what that meant (was it for food? Just drinks? Was it every day?) she admitted she had no idea, just that it was available from 4-7pm.

The ac unit in the room is also so loud that it’s difficult to sleep. It’s rumbling and something sounds loose in the unit so it’s about 1am right now and we’re struggling to sleep.

Overall, I do not recommend this hotel.

Ich gebe nur Sterne für die Lage, die U Bahn ist direkt um die Ecke und Man kommt überall hin von dort aus. Der Service ist leider Grotten schlecht, 3 Tage wurde unser Zimmer nicht gereinigt, kein Toiletten Papier nachgefüllt. Als ich dies dann am 3. Tag der Rezeption meldete, wurden mir 3 Rollen Toiletten Papier in die Hand gedrückt, das ist wahrscheinlich nett gemeint, aber eigentlich für ein Hilton eine Unverschämtheit, wenn man auf bedenkt, dass Ma hier für vieles bezahlt was man nicht bekommt oder erst einfordern muss. Wenn Man kommt oder geht wird einem kein Hallo und kein Tschüss gesagt, da die Mitarbeiter immer intensiv mit quatschen beschäftigt sind. Die Zimmer sind in den gängigen Bereichen OK sauber, in den Ecken allerdings so garnicht. In allen Ecken liegt Dreck und Staub, genauso wie auf der Bettkante, hinter der Toilette, unter dem Waschbecken usw. Wer nur ein Zimmer zum schlafen sucht ist hier richtig, wer Hilton Qualität erwartet ist hier sehr falsch.
Direkt an der staten Island Ferry (direkt in Sichtbereich auf der anderen Straßenseite steht ein guter Waffel und Frühstücks wagen, allerdings ist da abends oft Party und das ist natürlich nervig laut. Da kann das Hotel nichts für aber als Gast ist es leider doch störend. Ich war einmal hier und werde generell die Hilton Kette ab sofort meiden.

Positive: Location and clean Negative: ""

Konum olarak güzel bir yerde.Çoğu Metro hattına yakın ve Staten Island feribotu tam karşınızdan kalkıyor.Odaları temiz ve NY için ideal büyüklükte.4 kişi çok rahat konakladık.Personel yardımsever ve sıcakkanlı.Fiyat fayda dengesi açısından tavsiye edeceğim bir otel.

Really lovely stay and a great location. The team assisted me wonderfully with a left item. Will return

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Excelente servicio muy amable el personal siempre atentos contestando todas las dudas  Martín heidi Zamora Martín nos guió en todas nuestras dudas les doy un 10

My daughter and I had the most wonderful stay here. It was our first time in NYC. The staff was so kind and accommodating especially when our departing flight got canceled and we had to leave our luggage in the lobby for a bit. The location was great especially if you’re staying with kids! Can’t wait to go back.

Unacceptable. Found bug on my bed and cleanliness is my least expectations.

There was ice machine in front of our room. It was pretty disturbing. We could not sleep neither rest. Plz dont take rooms near ice machine.

Buen hotel, limpio, con buen espacio, recepción súper amables, nos atendió Martín y nos dio recomendaciones. Esta muy cerca de la línea roja y lejos del ruido del centro. Recomendable

Martín nos atendió increíble!!!!! Nos ayudaron, estuvo limpio y súper eficientes, lo recomiendo y está súper cerca del metro!!! 10/10

The location is perfect! Near to subways and restaurents.I enjoyed my stay!

It is so sad to have to write this review, 12 hours after check in. My husband and I were so excited to book this HILTON as it’s the only brand we trust. The location is currently having work done on street so it doesn’t look so great, but aside from that the hotel is okay. Our check in was quick and our room (2010) was smaller than expected but still acceptable.

Hubby and I enjoyed some sightseeing at World Trade Center and an amazing dinner at Fraunces Tavern, then headed to room. At 1:15AM an alarm started to go off, since we were very much asleep it was confusing but it went off at least 2 more times! I called front desk and no answer so we decided to vacate room via stairwell, as did many of the guests.

The lobby was packed with people, there was a maintenance person checking the alarm panel and NO ONE at front desk. Eventually the fire department came back as they had stopped by prior, they went in briefly and stated “everything was fine” yet we went back to room and sure enough the alarm went off again.

At 2:15am we decided to pack our bags and leave, fortunately we live locally and felt that our safety was more important than trying to stay there! This entire time, on our way out there was NO ONE at front desk. We are heading home on train and look forward to sleeping at home.

I will reach out to HILTON directly but I urge you to truly understand that the loud noise that came from room is an alarm! Perhaps the hotel can create a small written sign or have a voiceover to alert guests! Being on the 20th floor of a building with an alarm going off at 1:15am is absolutely terrifying! Also; having STAFF AT FRONT DESK AT ALL TIMES should be mandatory!

Do better! 👎🏻

Update: I emailed corporate and got a full refund. I also emailed FDNY, the safety of future guests is important to me as this whole building is a fire hazard! The FDNY didn’t answer me :( I hope that HILTON addresses this and no one is ever harmed there due to their oversight. Stay safe! 🧯

I stayed there for 3 nights, the water system was not functioning properly, water was inconsistent hot and cold, couldn’t take a shower. They told me would give me credit for $124, never got it, customer service was terrible.

Estuvimos 4 noches y la experiencia fue muy buena. Aunque el hotel estaba lleno no tuvimos problemas con los elevadores y bien a vinos el área concurrida. La primera noche hubo una gran nevada y tuvimos problemas con el agua caliente de nuestra habitación. Al día siguiente nos cambiaron de cuarto y nos dieron un rembolso . El lugar está accesible a Subway, cafeterías y tiendas de conveniencia. Lo recomendaría y visitaremos nuevamente

The hotel alright.

Pro:
-good, safe area, with a lot of transportation possibility, food and bar spots.
- amazingly friendly and helpful staff
- was lucky to receive a room with a beautiful view

Cons:
-rooms kind of dirty
-cleaning staff not actually cleaning, there was dust in the room from the beginning of the trip until the end, in the exact spots, showing that they never actually clean the room, but just arrange the linings and replace towels
-no refill for shampoo and shower gel

Location was awesome. Easy to get to Times Square, Chinatown, little Italy, Statue of Liberty! The only downside was we kept hearing what sounded like bar fights since there is a bar right behind hotel. Also the front desk receptionist during the day hours, super helpful even helped me to navigate subway. The night time lady I believe by the name of Alecia was super rude. I checked in super late, she was not at the desk she was in back office and another guest had to retrieve her to let me in. Then she kept rolling her eyes, sighing as if I was an I convienence to her even thought this is her job, customer service. We ordered pizza that night I came down to grab and again there was sighing and rolling eyes sitting in her back office instead of the front desk. I just checked out at 2:00am and the day people kindly offered to order me a car for airport I came down to lobby around 2:15am she again in the office I had to knock on her door and she said just go wait, again had no idea of what I was talking about and acting as if she hates her job. She is definetly not a friendly customer service rep and actually very rude and a huge turn off to coming to this hotel again. But I do see why they keep her on nights, probably less contact with the public.

The hotel is nice, the location is very good, it’s close to the metro and terry terminal. It also have different shops nearby and have a walkable distance to visit the Wall Street.

Super centrico, limpio, habitaciones espaciosas. Cerca de la estacion del tren. Front desk muy atento con los huespedes. Excelente!!

Great location, a hop and a skip to the ferry terminal, with convenient access to multiple transit routes. A short walk to the Liberty Island cruise terminal, Wall Street, and 9/11 memorial. Room seemed well soundproofed from neighboring rooms. Sirens can be heard from the busy streets below, but that's any big city for you.

Příjemný hotel na Dolním konci Manhattanu, u přístaviště. V okolí občerstvení. Pokoj pohodlný, jen klimatizace silná. V blízkosti mrakodrapů.

I have gold status member of hilton but the reception reject my gold status and nothing benefit. I stayed with hilton around the world and never have problem but this hotel make it diffical and only say no.

Das Hotel hat eine sehr gute Lage. Von dort aus konnte man zu Fuß zum 9/11. Die Subway ist auch super zu erreichen.

Die Zimmer sind sehr klein, die Sauberkeit lässt zu wünschen übrig. Insgesamt sehr laut, kalt und abgewöhnt.

Am schlimmsten ist das Frühstück, denn man erhält einen Tag gar nichts und die anderen Tage, ohne Hinweis, dass man in einem bestimmten Wert von der Karte bestellen kann. Buffett also nirgends zu finden. Der Service war sehr langsam und man wartet auf sein Frühstück ewig. Zu guter letzt durften wir am letzten Tag an einem dreckigen Tisch, den Müll selbst abräumen und aus Pappkartons Joghurt mit Müsli essen. Also absolute Katastrophe für das Geld!!!

Wir sind enttäuscht!

Very upset with reception today morning. I show my gold status of hilton benefit but she reject my gold status and said only not included from my booking. What???? I stayed hilton hotel around the world and this place is the first place reject my benefit and not try to help or offer me any anternative choice. This is not the way for hilton standard customer service. Very bad attitude to help.

Great stay at Hilton Garden Inn Financial Center! Location is unbeatable—steps from Battery Park, ferries, Wall Street, and easy subway access to Midtown. Rooms were clean and comfortable (nice beds, Keurig, microwave—perfect for NYC), though standard small size. Service was friendly and efficient—staff helpful with early check-in and recommendations. Quiet area away from Times Square chaos but still central. Solid Hilton value for downtown Manhattan—would return!

방문했을때가 한파주의보가 떠서 매우 추운 날씨였는데방안에 히터가 따뜻해서 묵는데 만족스러웠습니다.호텔 1층에 작은 편의점이 있어서 물 콜라 과자등 간단한것들을 구매할수 있었고, 걸어서 3-4분정도 거리에 큰 편의점들도 있어서 묵는데 불편함은 없었습니다.

Take your time and stay somewhere else ! From the noise outside that you could hear all night , from a clogged shower, no shampoo...and dust on the desk and dust on the lamps and old trash in the bathroom trash
No breakfast at all due to I dont now what but they still charge you when you booked ! No drinking water at all ! We seen a 24pack in the front desk we kindly asked for one the young lady said ummm no ! Im used to getting 2 free water bottles being a hilton member ! I will nevee stay here again ! We ended up checking out the following day and staying at a Hilton need MSG ...

Mein 2. Aufenthalt hier. Zimmer, Lage, Ausstattung waren völlig ok. Einzig, dass es unangekündigt und unerwartet kein Restaurantbetrieb und Frühstück gab, sind Grund für mich, das Hotel nicht mehr zu wählen. Wirklich schade! Beim ersten Besuch im Oktober war das nämlich ein wirklich guter Start in den Tag.

First ever visit to New York / US and we booked this property for 10 days 9 nights with breakfast.

They just put this sign at the front desk and said we'll refund the breakfast amount on your booking. It's -12 degrees Celsius and now for the next 10 days we need to figure out daily breakfast in this horrible weather.

Zero effort in making any alternative breakfast arrangements, or provide an update if this issue might be fixed in a few days. Just one bland piece of apology.

Never ever going to advise anyone to stay at a Hilton again.

Doskonała baza wypadowa do zwiedzania Nowego Jorku. W pobliżu hotelu znajdują się dwie linie metra.
Do "Byka z Wall Street" (Charging Bull) 5 minut spacerem. W godzinach porannych dobra, darmowa kawa i herbata - dostępna w lobby hotelowym. Dobre Wi-Fi. Mikrofalówka, lodówka, żelazko, deska do prasowania w pokoju.
Okolica jest spokojna i bezpieczna. Czysto. Bardzo miła obsługa hotelowa.

Très bon hôtel au niveau qualité prix. Nous y avons séjourné une semaine lors des fêtes de fin d'année. Chambre un peu petite pour quatre personnes, manque de rangement. Chambre bien équipée avec cafetière, mini frigo et micro ondes ce qui est bien pratique après une longue journée de marche. Lit confortable et personnel très sympathique. Hotel bien situé, proche de wall street, près du ferry de staten island et de plusieurs stations de métro.
Nous avons pu laisser nos valises dans une pièce gratuitement pour qu on puisse profiter pleinement de notre dernière journée

A nice hotel in downtown manhattan, really convenient to go to many tourist attractions

Great hotel in a quiet part of Manhattan, away from all the madness. The staff were really lovely throughout our stay! The rooms were clean, and it was great to have a microwave and a mini fridge for quick dinners/breakfast. The bathroom was really nice and had everything you need.

We had an issue with the ice machine being extremely loud outside of our room, but they moved us immediately without any issues to a better room away from the machine, and to a higher floor. We also had an issue where our tv wasn't working but they fixed it for us the next day. There is also laundry units downstairs and a small gym!

Would recommend it here for anyone wanting to visit manhattan and stay in a safer quieter area. Its within walking distance to Whole Foods, and Chipotle, and multiple subway stops & opposite the Staten Island Ferry!

The fire alarm went off two days in a row at 6am from the Kitchen downstairs making breakfast, and the fire department came and checked the floors. Thankfully we were awake, but not ideal!

Solid hotel with a great location. You can see that it is not brand new and has a lot of history behind it, but it did not disappoint. When I am in NY again it will be the first thing I will look for

Front desk is super helpful.

Ice agents stay there

Rooms are small, but I guess thats to be expected in NYC

All my prescription medicine was stolen from my room. It cost me $300 to replace. The location is good, but it’s not worth getting things stolen by staff.

Very subpar experience. First my bathroom was not throughly clean, UPON arrival. I've uploaded photos to express my frustration. Clorox wipe shows dirty residue from shower floor. I called front desk and asked to have someone clean the bathroom, ofc they waited until the next day. Why I keep disinfectant wipes with me when I travel. Asked for towels TWICE and never received them. The rooms are small, due to the fact you'd think this particular Hilton would take just a bit more pride in providing a clean, comfortable stay. In fact, I thought Hilton chains followed a policy protocol when it comes to the cleanliness of their properties.

"Clean Stay" must just be another advertisement fib to swindle in another buck or two. Although I booked through a 3rd party site who I'll be taking this visit up with, I'm glad I didn't actually pay them full price via the Hilton website. This location isn't worthy. They're several things that can be done to improve this hotels level of HOSPITALITY! With so many options I can truly say I wouldn't think of staying here again. Lastly they're sure to keep all 3rd party site bookings on lower level floors. I thought that was unfair. First time in New York was great! My stay at this Hilton however was not.

Tolle Lage, toller Service, schöne Zimmer = ein super Hotel. Besonders positiv ist das Housekeeping zu erwähnen.

I would have given this hotel a 4-star review because it's fairly new and quite decent for a few nights' stay.
However, I experienced unusual events that were very frustrating, thus the overall low rating.
First, upon check-in, they told me my reservation wasn't in their system.
I gave them my Expedia confirmation details. They took about 10 minutes to sort it out, and I was finally given the room key.
No explanation or apology on their part.
Second, the bathroom sink faucet was not secured to the countertop. It wobbled and was about to come apart when I turned it on or off.
The handle motion was also very rigid, making the on/off motion difficult (room 2101).
Why would housekeeping not report this to be fixed?
Finally, I was locked out of my room because the door's electronic lock malfunctioned!
The maintenance guy was confused by the problem and took nearly 2 hours to finally open the door.
Evidently the whole mechanism had to be replaced and it was not just an expired battery problem, or a faulty keycard.
In the meantime, I asked for and received a different room, and was able to retrieve my belongings from the original room, when it was finally accessible.
Upon check-out, I asked for one-night's comp, and they readily agreed.
But there was no apology from them. Hospitality and accommodation are not qualities of this hotel.
I was so glad to leave as quickly as possible.

Location is nice, across from the Staten Island Ferry, but with the construction out front, we couldn't park to unload the luggage! I backed in and unloaded at the front door. Then I had to drive around the block to park in the garage - and walk back to the hotel.

L’environnement est top, c’est calme et très facile d’accès en transport. L’hôtel est calme, propre et le personnel très accueillant, merci notamment à Martin, Heidi. Kay et Alyssa !

Fue un lugar muy amigable, muy buenos empleados, bastante agradecido|Martin, fue muy amable conmigo debería de considerar

Stayed from a Friday night through a Monday morning. The room was clean. The staff at the front desk were excellent. The only negative was the fire alarm going off super early in the morning while we stayed.

Had such an amazing time here. It's so close to battery park and to subway as well, which makes it really convenient to travel NYC. We were even able to see the 4th of July fireworks from our window (albeit obstructed by a building), but watching the fireworks from the comfort of our room, without dealing with the crowds was such a dream. The staff at the reception were really nice and friendly too. Thanks for the awesome service!

luego de hacer checkout me percaté de dejar una cajita de joyería negra en su interior tenía una cadena estilo van cleef de oro, la misma la olvidé en la mesita de noche de la habitación 1109 llame al hotel para hacer la reclamación y quedaron en devolverme la llamada pero nunca pasó, luego fui personalmente al hotel para volver a reclamar el domingo 11 de enero, la chica del frondesk se comunicó con alguien por teléfono me dejaron esperando un rato, luego vuelvo a preguntar y me dice que se le olvidó llamar pero que no encontraron nada…. Estoy segura que lo dejé en la habitación, deberían tener un protocolo para estos casos, hilton es una cadena de hoteles de prestigio y es inaceptable este tipo de situación, fue un descuido mío pero entiendo que deberían ser honrados y devolver los artículos perdidos a los huéspedes. Llevo años viajando y es la primera vez que me pasa una situación así… Si se hospedan en este hotel NO PERMITAN QUE LE DEN SERVICIO DE LIMPIEZA EN LA HABITACIÓN……

Perfect location! Great price! Very nice front desk staff. Only negatives were size of room (but it's NYC!) and some cosmetic issues. Other than that, great location!

Martin y samira son muy amables, nos atendieron con eficazia y rapido, volveremos por seguro. |Encantados de estar aqui.

Martin y samira nos atendieron de manera amable y con eficacia nos encantaría volver

Very friendly staff. Clean rooms. Had a room in front of the Long Island Ferry - marvelous view. Enjoyed my free breakfast, loved the strawberries with granola! Fantastic district. Wall Street around the corner.. <3

Hotel did the job, it was clean and tidy but could do with abit of a refurb as it was a little “tired”

Perfect hotel for those visiting NYC and planning on being out all day just needing a comfortable and clean place to crash.

Location is great, you have the Staten Island ferry just across the road as well as 3 subway stations all within just a few minutes walk

the chain is supporting ICE

Love NYC. Visited a couple of times, would definitely stay again. Wish there was room service.

Cómoda estadía, cerca de estaciones de metro, una zona muy tranquila, caminando queda cerca todo el distrito financiero, incluso la zona de WTC o Brooklyn Bridge.
Lo volvería a elegir, por el precio y la comodidad.
Algunas personas hablan español.

The staff were very friendly and helpful, the hotel entrance is not luggage friendly and is under construction , the room we stayed at was extremely small , and had bad smell coming out of the bathroom sink , elevators took too long and water at the lobby is expensive overall for the price it’s a bit frustrating but nothing too serious would recommend only if you get a very good price

La habitación bien, pero el servicio deficiente, cada solicitud que se hizo no fue atendida, el personal que hace aseo, no reponía el papel higiénico, las  toallas y nunca aspiraron la habitación, siendo que les solicitamos hacerlo por la alergia de mi esposa. Afuera del hotel están trabajando y te despiertas con los taladros y máquinas, además estás muy lejos del centro de Manhattan.

Great hotel with very good value for money.
Convenient location with excellent public transport connections — easy to get around both on foot and by subway. Travel time from JFK Airport is about 50 minutes.

Clean rooms, friendly reception staff, and free coffee and tea available in the morning.
I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to NYC.

Nos hospedamos tres noches a principios de diciembre 2025. Cuenta con una excelente ubicación cerca de lugares para comer, estaciones del metro. El personal excelente nuestra habitación no tuvo agua caliente la primera noche y había una nevada hicieron los arreglos y nos cambiaron de habitación y nos hicieron un ajuste en la tarifa. Apreciamos el gran servicio.

It’s NYC so it’s tight. The closest is very small but the room is clean. The front desk team is top notch- answered every question & we’re helpful at every turn. The cleaning service was great- extremely accommodating! We stayed for 7 days & this is a great location for subway access & fun night life- even for kids! This location has on site washer dryer which we used 2x. The negatives- it’s a molding growth playground with poor ventilation. Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel for future stays despite its shortcomings.

Excelente atención por parte del personal del hotel, llegamos y todos súper amables, lo mejor de todo fue que hablaban español… nos atendió primeramente Martín y Laura su trato fenomenal! Cualquier duda nos la aclararon nos proporcionaron una hoja con recomendaciones de restaurantes, bares, etc … por otro lado las instalaciones 10/10! Todo super limpio, la habitación buen tamaño, cama cómoda, nos tocó un frío intenso pero en la habitación cero se sintió, el agua para bañarte super calientita… ubicación 10/10 alrededor muchas cosas donde comer, vías rápidas pasaban autobuses y lo mejor de todo el metro a donde quisiéramos ir había línea directa a los alrededores y solo tomaba unos minutos caminar, zona muy tranquila y segura! Definitivamente volvería

Zatrzymaliśmy się w Hilton Garden Inn NYC Financial Center/Manhattan Downtown i jesteśmy bardzo zadowoleni. Lokalizacja jest idealna — tuż obok terminalu promowego, co pozwala na wieczorne rejsy i podziwianie pięknych widoków. Z okna naszego pokoju mieliśmy wspaniały widok na Statuę Wolności oraz Governors Island.

Hotel jest doskonale skomunikowany, a w pobliżu znajduje się kilka linii metra, dzięki czemu można łatwo i szybko dojechać w różne części Nowego Jorku. Okolica jest spokojna i bezpieczna, co zdecydowanie zwiększa komfort pobytu.

Pokój był bardzo czysty i dobrze przygotowany — duże uznanie dla ekipy sprzątającej, która naprawdę dba o porządek. Łóżko było wysokie i wyjątkowo wygodne, co pozwoliło nam świetnie wypocząć po całym dniu zwiedzania. Obsługa hotelowa była miła, uprzejma i zawsze chętnie pomagała.

Zdecydowanie polecam ten hotel i chętnie wrócę podczas następnej wizyty w Nowym Jorku!

Front desk was helpful in assisting us with a HVAC issue. Breakfast was not spectacular, even pricey, but it was doable with the breakfast vouchers. Water temperature fluctuated during shower between hot and cold. Other than these small issues, it was a nice stay.

Una pena que el servicio de “desayuno incluido” sea tan malo. No hubo organización entre el servicio y el “chef” que está en el buffet, él decía que cortaba a las 10 am cuando en realidad corta a las 11 y no te quiere atender. Tuvimos que bajar a hablar con la recepcionista para que lo solucione. Y no nos dieron ni café ni té ni agua caliente

Great stay at Hilton Garden Inn Financial District. The hotel is conveniently located near bus stops and the метро, making it easy to get around. They also have a laundry room, which is very helpful for longer stays. Special shoutout to Rosa G, who cleaned our room — it was always very tidy and spotless. Highly recommend this hotel!

Very nice less expensive hotel in downtown manhattan

The room was small, but that’s expected in NYC. What really stood out was the great location and the helpful, friendly staff. Very convenient stay overall.

Rooms small but clean.  Need to upgrade  a few things (plugs, outlets )    service was terrific.   Location great, close to public transportation.     Food in house just so so but other options close by.    Would stay here again

Positive: The cafe and staff at the cafe were great! Negative: The first room assigned to me had water that flowed out of two shower heads at the same time; out of control.  The water overflows out of the shower. The next room had stained and ripped towels.  My back hurt from sleeping in the bed.

Nice staff.

Don’t get fooled just because is down by the financial district NYC is not save at all, my first night there someone tried to open the door over and over again I called the front desk and they were worthless

Rent och mycket trevlig personal.

マンハッタン島の南の方に用があったので、立地的にもちょうどよく、宿泊費の高騰するニューヨークでは安価な価格を維持している企業努力に称賛を送りたい。部屋は十分に広く、ハウスキーピングも親切である。
朝食は付けたが、ビュッフェではないし、正直特筆するべきものはない(特別オススメはしない)が、平日は朝早くからやっていて、私の早朝のフライト前にも腹ごしらえが出来て良かった。毎朝のロビーでのモーニングコーヒーも嬉しい。特別豪華な経験ができる予算があると言うなら別のホテルへ行くが、手ごろにニューヨークを旅するのは必要十分。ニューヨークを再訪した時には宿泊先の検討候補になると思う。

Me encantó mi estadía aquí! Los cuartos eran muy amplios y nos asignaron un cuarto con vista parcial del océano se veía increíble. La atención de Martín fue excelente hizo que nos sintamos cómodas. Gracias! definitivamente regresaría

What a perfect place to stay in Manhattan. I thoroughly enjoyed this hotel.

Easy access to cabs and Uber.

Easy access to food, walking distance to simply delicious options.

Beautiful water views.

Walking distance of Ferry.

Great service.

Easy access to Wall Street.

Restaurant in building on 2nd Floor.

Highly recommend ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

Quiet, quaint, convenient.

The location, cleanliness, and value for money are good but the WiFi is practically nonexistent. We stay here every year when visiting my family because of its proximity to the SI ferry, and every year the WiFi is terrible, which creates problems. Aside from that, everything else is good.

PLEASE READ BEFORE BOOKING.

This hotel was a nightmare. The location was horrible. The outside of the hotel was FILTHY I’m talking about 40-60 bags of trash filled to the brim infront on the entrance 🤢🤢. They have NO PARKING ON SIGHT. The only parking they  have is across the street 2 floors down and it’s a parking garage owned by someone else. They charge 65 dollars a day and 44 dollars EVERY TIME YOU LEAVE AND COME BACK! YES YOU READ THAT RIGHT. That’s insane! And it’s not Valet either. I’ve stayed at many nice hotels so this was just a no go. The front desk lady was a NIGHTMARE she was big Mexican girl with bangs and let me just say her customer service was HORRIBLE. I’m not sure what she was going through or what she was on but shes a bad fit for this establishment and also a bad look . RUDE . SNAPPY, sloppy and MISERABLE. It was the worst thing to end off my night after traveling 10+ hours. Imagine a long day of traveling and you get that first IMPRESSION once u walk in to a 4 star hotel…YIKES I’m not sure why it’s rated 4 stars it’s far from 4 stars. It’s small and outdated there’s WAY BETTER OPTIONS IN MANHATTAN this is where you go to have a horrible stay and regret spending money at this place. It smells like wet clothes and marijuana all in the lobby. Don’t even get me started on the elevator that scared the soul out of my body it kept stopping and vibrating so much I thought I was going to get stuck. It happened the whole stay. The rooms are small and very outdated for the price! The carpets are stained with god knows what. The smell kept lingering the whole stay… the point of booking a nice hotel is for the nice stay, CLEAN EVERYTHING, great customer service and a nice environment and it was everything but that. I’d probably have better luck at a motel 6 in Compton. That should tell u everything you need to know. Good luck & safe travels.

Xoxo
💕

Wir waren hier für 3 Übernachtungen. Das Hotel hat eine spitze Lage, von hier aus kann man gut zum z.B 9/11 Memorial laufen, sind nur etwa 15 Minuten. Außerdem war die Abfahrtstation zur Liberty Statue nicht weit entfernt. Außerdem hatte das Hotel direkt viele Anschlüsse an die öffentlichen Verkehrsmittel, mit den man gut auch zu den Sehenswürdigkeiten kommt.  An einen Tag war das Frühstück nicht da, aber man hat Entschädigung bekommen. Frühstück war gut.  Zimmer waren zwar etwas klein, hatten aber alles was man braucht. Mikrowelle, Kühlschrank usw., aufjedenfall toller Aufenthalt.

Манхэттен это захватывает. В частности это место, практически, недалеко от многих самых интересных мест Нью-Йорка. Точно не пожалеете. А гостиница вполне достойная. Стоит своих денег! Рекомендую!

Great to be able to check in at 08:15 in the morning after coming off a cruise ship and could then explore New York

Great location, rooms a little small, free coffee and tea in the lobby and lounge, ideal for exploring south Manhattan and taking a ferry to Brooklyn or Staten island.

I really enjoyed my stay! Great staff !! Conveniently located to many subway stations.

The hotel room is very small, no parking lot available, not recommend for those who is driving there, park at nearby parking cost me $135 for 2 days.

ロビーは狭く混雑しており、部屋もそれほど広くありませんが、Wall Street近辺にあり立地は至便。この立地でこの価格（NYCの平均よりははるかに安い）なら申し分ないとも言えます。長期滞在を考えるならむしろこの程度のホテルのほうがサステナブルかもしれません。

Gutes Hotel, mit Frühstück a la Carte, toller Ausblick aus den oberen Etagen auf den Hudson River. Staten Island Ferry und Subway South Ferry 3 Min., Subway Bowling Green und Battery Park nur 5 Min. entfernt.
Personal sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Zu 9/11 Memorial und Wall Street fußläufig 15 min.

The front reception desk attendant was friendly. The overall entry and lobby areas were nice. Once I got to my room (# 603) it was overall good and the bed, floors, etc. were clean. However, the bathroom was not acceptable. First this room was a handicap room and I don’t need that. I do not have a physical disability. This room should have been saved for someone else who needs it. Honestly though no one should be using it until things are better and fixed. The shower had black mold in the corner caulking. The shower head, even with adjusting, was subpar. Hot water was scolding hot or barely tolerable or cold. I was curious to why there was a stack of 3 extra bath towels on the bed when I got to the room. Now I know why. The shower was a transition-less, flat entry for ADA reasons and it’s understandable given that’s the purpose of the room. However water did not slope and drain to stay in the slippery shower floor (not ADA compliant). No, the water slipped out and into the overall bathroom floor. Sure there was an extra drain hole in the bathroom floor near the shower entry (so 2 drain holes), but it didn’t actually drain. The slope is not acceptable for either drain. I had to use all 3 of those extra towels to mop up the excess bathroom floor water. Seriously what in the world — yeah, not ADA compliant. I’m blessed to not have a physical disability but if I did and traveling alone there would be seriously dangerous possibilities using this bathroom. I will never stay at this hotel again for this reason.

I stayed here during my last trip to New York and it turned out to be one of the best choices. The location’s perfect, close to the subway, breakfast was delicious , and the room had such a nice atmosphere.

It’s got everything you need for your stay in the city that never sleeps🗽 luuuv it

I recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Hotel and it exceeded all expectations. From the moment I arrived, the staff was welcoming and attentive, making check-in seamless. The room was spacious, spotless, and beautifully decorated, with a comfortable bed and stunning city views.

Your shower pressure and temperature depends on what your neighbor ate the previous night. If you like cold dunks, this is the place for you, and you'll feel very rejuvenated after a shower.

Wir waren mit unseren 2 Töchtern hier im Hilton Garden Inn in NYC für 5 Nächte. Das Hotel liegt an der Spitze von Manhattan. Von dort aus erreicht man schnell und bequem mit der U-Bahn oder auch zu Fuß alle Sehenswürdigkeiten von New York. Die Zimmer sind sauber, gepflegt und gemütlich eingerichtet. Wir würden jederzeit wieder dieses Hotel für einen Aufenthalt in NYC wählen. 👍

Zimmer ok, Frühstück Katastrophe.

Die Badtüre nur mit aller Kraft für eine Frau schließbar, das muss dem Management bzw. Personal auffallen und behoben werden. Nebenbei bemerkt ist es eine Schiebetür ohne jegliche Privatsphäre.
Daneben wurde ich mehrfach Nachts aufgeweckt vom Rattern der Eismaschine am Gang, die sich immer wieder für einige Zeit eingeschaltet hat.

Dem Zimmerservice haben wir gesagt dass wir ihn nicht wollen bzw. keiner ins Zimmer gehen soll. Diese Bitte wurde täglich einfach ignoriert. Ein Schild, das wir an die Türe hängen hätten können gab es nicht.

Frühstücken empfehle ich auf keinen Fall hier zu essen.
Das Personal ist, wenn mehr los ist komplett überfordert (besonders schlimm war es Freitags).
Es ist ein a la Carte Frühstück und man kann sich nur 1 Gericht raussuchen wenn man mit Frühstück gebucht hat. Man bekommt eine Karte mit Guthaben. Manches war aber bereits um 7 bzw 7:30 Uhr ausverkauft.
Auf der Karte werden Desserts angeboten (z. B. Brownies), beim Bestellen wird einem aber gesagt, dass es morgens keine Desserts gibt (obwohl sie auf der Frühstückskarte stehen).
Teeauswahl war beschränkt auf Grünen und schwarzen Tee (ein paar Beutel jeweils lieblos in einen Behälter geworfen).
Kaffee war um 7:30 Uhr leer und wurde dann auch nicht mehr aufgefüllt. Milch war natürlich auch keine mehr da. Der Mülleimer an der Tee-/Kaffeestation waren leere Becher und auch mal einfach ein Plastikdeckel.

Fazit: übernachten ok, aber auf jeden Fall wo anders Frühstücken!

Great hotel in a great location, got a good rate too! The room was small but clean and comfortable, and it had all the amenities we needed.

Did empty trash can. Some of the bathroom towels were frayed. We had to ask to replenish toilet paper.

酒店服務好好，住了兩晚，臨近地鐵，夜晚回酒店也不算太害怕。缺點是周圍沒有食肆，需要行落兩條街有快餐店，但是超級近自由女神像🗽碼頭。 這間酒店性價比高 而且也沒有時代廣場附近那麼恐怖 最讚的一點 本身需要12點前check out 因去景點遲了45分鐘 都同酒店溝通了 沒有問題 不另外收費。通融性高。

Booked this last minute after my reservation at M Social Hotel (DO NOT STAY THERE) was completely botched, review details there.

Hilton was up to Hilton standards, clean, quiet, good location and friendly staff. Thank you!

I don’t care about the money — it’s about principle. No matter how much you pay, the hotel only gives you two small bottles of water on the first day. After that, according to Mr. Fasil at reception, there’s no more free water for guests. Very rude and low-class service. I will never book this hotel again.

The hotel stay was okay but nothing particularly special. The room was clean but the breakfast was very disappointing — long waits (30-40mins), always run out of coffee, clearly understaffed and tables often not cleaned. On the positive side, the location is very convenient, with plenty of good restaurants and tourist attractions nearby. It’s a decent place to stay if you value location.

Bien ubicado en el FiDi. Buena calidad/precio. A 5 min del NY Stock Exchange y de la zona de ferrys. A 15 min de Midtown en metro. Si coges desayuno con el alojamiento, te da un voucher de 28 dólares para consumir en el restaurante y la comida es decente. Habitaciones amplias y limpias.

Convenient to ferry and R train

The rooms are a bit small but the biggest issue is there is almost no closet space, enough for maybe one person staying 2 days. It wasn’t a bad experience but would not stay here again.

Ambiente agradável, quarto excelente ora descansar e para fazer reuniões durante o dia. Região bem central de fácil acesso e próximo de excelentes lugares para comer. Atendimento muito atencioso, deixou uma ótima impressão. Obrigado Martin.

The beds were very comfortable as were the pillows. The bathroom was nice with piping hot water. The breakfast and the service in the restaurant were awful both at breakfast time and lunch. Kay on reception was the only member of staff who made us feel welcome and always smiling and very helpful. We stay in nice Hotel suites all over the world so this was overpriced and underwhelming.

We had to store some bags to make our trip on the Statue of Liberty boat. Despite not being at this hotel, the front desk staff did it for us. They were kind, understanding and extremely helpful. Thank you all so much!

Positive: Staff, location and not many hotels offer microwave and fridge in their rooms Negative: The only issue I had was with the curtains, you couldn’t close them fully.

It nice

Great location screws to the bull, right across from the Staten Island Ferry and subways to go uptown. Rooms were c spacious enough and have the amenities. Great view of the water and the ferry.  Parking right across the street in One Plaza.

Quieter location in FiDi. About 30 min walk or train ride to LES or midtown.

Hotel is just average for a Hilton.  Rooms are small and tight. The phone didn’t work in the room and the shower had lousy pressure and leaked outside the shower itself.  The lighting is so dim in the room and it’s very dark in the side we were on.  Asked for another room but they did not accommodate.
They say happy hour 4-7  but really there’s no happy hour- just means bar in the 2nd floor is open and you pay for what you want.  Staff is nice generally.  I would not stay here if you plan to spend any time in your room. It’s only for sleeping and taking a showet.

Staff was very nice & helpful! Room was clean and had a nice view too. Thanks

Great location for what we need. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The accommodations were excellent.

Very beautiful hotel. And special thanks to the amazong stuff Laura and Rafael

Die Lage war für uns perfekt. Subway vor der Tür und zu Fuss schnell an der Wallstreet. Frühstück haben wir außerhalb gesucht, aber der Kaffee morgens im Foyer war perfekt. Das Zimmer war ausreichend groß und sauber. Hauskeeping wurde schon man vergessen und Handtücher waren deshalb knapp, aber auf Nachfrage kam noch was. Wir würden wieder dort übernachten

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We stayed at this property from 3rd to 9th September (6 Nights)
Unfortunately, our experience was disappointing.
The room had an unpleasant smell.
The carpets in both the rooms and corridors were very old and dirty.
No slippers, No drinking water, No water glass..!!
The food in the restaurant was below standard.
We never expected such issues from a reputed brand like Hilton Garden Inn.
As a travel agent, this experience makes me think twice before recommending this property to my customers in the future.
On a positive note, the hotel’s location is very convenient, within walking distance to many major tourist attractions. The receptionist, Mr Fazi, was exceptionally helpful.

Lage super, Zimmer waren ok.
An einem Tag wurde die Reinigung vergessen, es gab keine Entschuldigung.
Ich hatte an der Rezeption um ein Taxi gebeten. Es wurde dann versucht mir ein Shuttle-Service zu verkaufen. Dieses lehnte ich ab und bat um ein YellowCab. Dieses wurde angeblich dann gerufen, kam aber nicht. Nach 20 Minuten fragte ich erneut nach, allerdings schaute mich die Mitarbeiterin dann an, als hörte sie es das erste Mal. Habe mich dann selbst gekümmert. Service Fehlanzeige.
Vielleicht würde ich dennoch erneut buchen.

Unser Aufenthalt im Hotel war sehr angenehm. Das Personal an der Rezeption war sehr hilfsbereit, sowohl bei der passenden Einstellung der Klimaanlage im Zimmer als auch bei der Reservierung eines Taxis zum Flughafen. Speziell Martin war hier sehr hilfsbereit.

Water temp not consistent. They just got new smart TV as I was checking out. Restaurant in hotel was good and lots of choices.

我花了更多的錢，訂了間海景房，一進門傻眼
怎麼是低樓層的建築物房，跟前台反應，前台說要站在角落，可以看得到海景😮‍💨，這就算了，廁所也是沒有打掃乾淨，地板跟毛巾都有污漬，廁所膠條也發霉，我感覺我像住進了二星的酒店

This was one of the cheapest hotels we could find in New York but it was great! Room was silent even though outside was NYC busy which made sleeping easy. Beds were comfy. Rooms were clean. Location was great, battery park on the door step and lots of easy access to subway to go uptown. Would stay again.

Nice hotel with perfect location and beautiful views.  I recommend this hotel to all travelers who willing to stay in a great area in the city of New York lower Manhattan by seaports.  Thanks to Kay Khine for your attention.  we appreciated it a lot.

这家酒店服务态度很好，我很喜欢，特别要感谢，Martin 和Victor和haidi 太友善了，对工作认真负责，感谢你们大家！我建议我的朋友如果来美国纽约旅行，一定要入住这家酒店，相信我没错的，万分谢谢！

Quiero felicitar a Gerson por su buena atención, desde que hice una llamada telefónica porque mi vuelo se retraso hasta el momento que llegue a la recepción gracias Gerson por su buena atencion, y con respecto que no le puse las 5 estrellas en la habitación fue solamente porque el lavamanos estaba medio tapóniado con lo demás todos los días iban y dejaban todo muy limpio y cambiaban toallas excelente ubicación gracias

Todo muy bien. Cama cómoda. Zona tranquila.

We stayed 2 nights. Nice views of the water and steps from the subway,  Battery Park, SIF and the Liberty lookout, Ellis Island and Governors Island ferrys .Decent dining options, from casual to fine dining and they are walkable from the hotel. Fairly quiet on the weekends since no one is working, except for the park area. The hotel itself was decent, not blown away but nothing bad to say either. We didnt hear any noise from other guests. Staff was friendly upon check in. We didn't eat here, though room service and 2 restaurants are available.

We paid almost 240$ per night. But what we got were:

- A very small room.
-No water in room. You should go to the lobby ask the reception and pay 2$ per bottle.
- There was a construction right in front of the hotel entrance.
- Thee room door was very very heavy and in order to open/close it I need to push/pull it hard.
- The room refrigerator did not work at the first night. We asked their technician to come and fix it.

I would say it even dose not worth 100$ per night.

Ho avuto una grande esperienza con Martin Heidi della reception. Mi ha lasciato conservare il mio drone mentre facevo un viaggio alla statua della Libertà

Highly disappointed in the service I received today from this hotel , made a reservation months before visiting New York from London , only for my reservation to be cancelled when I arrived at the hotel , I was left stranded after a 10hrs flight and the manager was very dismissive , ended up booking another hotel that costs 3x the price of my original hotel fee … This is very disappointing

Bel hôtel !

Good location. No room service in days!

Great location and close to public transport.

Reasonable price, Nice service, clean room.
I got the king bedroom nice river view and battery park.

Très bien placé dans manhatan à proximité de plusieurs métros. Le ferry pour Staten Island est juste en face. Bien insonorisé. Lits confortables et personnel très accueillant et à l'écoute.

This is my go-to place to stay when I'm in Downtown. Close to everything, service is great, and rooms have always been perfect.

King room would be perfect for 1. Made it work for two. Wasn't bad, but they lacked things like luggage racks that would have made it easier. Had to balance luggage on chairs. Location great. The app digital key does not work for rooms or elevators. They said it would work for rooms but it didn't for me. On last day was delayed a bit by full elevators. Was lucky other days. Used restaurant once, it was good. Bathrooms have no exhaust, and a sliding door that wouldn't stay closed without jamming a washcloth in it. But it was clean, decent price, felt safe. Would come back .

Had a really great stay there. The rooms are nice and very clean, also considering the location, in the heart of Downtown. The hotel is very quiet. Staff is very friendly. Prices are fair for what you're getting.

We spent five nights here and loved it. Helpful staff, quiet, and conveniently located and easily walkable. I gave 4 stars as the tub was slow to drain and the sink wouldn't drain. But...they fixed the issues quickly. I'd stay here again. Thank you staff!

Muy buen lugar parq alojarse. Un poco caro en costo beneficio. Pero esta bien.

Great service, location, clean rooms.

The hotel does not have parking and we spent so much time trying to find it. They told us to park our car in a car park on the next block. We left the car there for 4 days and after they validated our ticket, it cost $200! We thought it was going to be free. The rooms were kind of small and there were no views of the Statue of Liberty from our room. We could still see the Staten Island Ferry so it wasn't completely bad. They have a water filling station in the gym but it took forever to fill our water bottles. The ice station was not on our floor, it was a floor below us and we couldn't use the elevator because you need to use a key card to access your floor only, it wont let you go to another floor. So we had to take the stairs to get ice. Overall a pretty basic hotel, which is OK if you plan to be out and about anyway.

Nous sommes restés 4 nuits dans cet hôtel pour le rapport qualité/prix. L'hôtel est proche du ferry staten island et d'une sortie de métro.
Nous avons eu des problèmes avec les wc et l'eau chaude de la douche. Il y a eu plusieurs interventions mais on a demandé à changer de chambres après 2 nuits.
Une personne de l'accueil nous a changé de chambre et a pris en compte le désagrément subi durant les 2 premières nuits. Nous la remercions pour sa courtoisie et sa compréhension.
Mention spéciale pour le breakfast qui était très bon et le personnel était accueillant.

F and B impossible ordering system. All options were marked as unavailable

The Hilton Garden Inn in Lower Manhattan is a great hotel and I would absolutely stay here again. The location is right across the street from the Staten Island Ferry and a 15-ish minute walk to the pathway across the Brooklyn Bridge. It is a skip over to so many cool spots in Lower Manhattan. The room was quiet, had all the things I needed (incl great water pressure!). Elevators were fast enough and I never really had to worry about waiting too long (all times of the day). There is a huge building blocking the center of most of the hotel views, but you get awesome views of the water on either side of it. I opted for a water view room and attached quite a few photos of the view from the 16th floor spot I was in.

*It is worth noting that the bathroom door is not a door, but instead a sliding wooden door that doesn't necessarily give you complete privacy.
*The window opens inward a few inches and has a sun shade in addition to the big, dark curtain.
*Room had a mini fridge and micro. Fridge did NOT have a freezer.
*Had an iron, no ironing board.

Great location! Convenient access to the ferry. Service was good; not 5* because we had to call twice for room service. I docked off 2 stars for their toilet and shower/tub combo. The toilet was weird as I've never had water splash upward when flushing it (that was extremely gross) and there was noticeable mold on the white tiled shower/tub combo. Other than those items, the view was good, but the room seemed cramped with 2 full beds. There's little room if you're going to book this with 2 adults and 2 small kids.

Hopefully, the mold and spitting toilet were one-offs and we might give it another go next time since its location was great.  Not too busy, but close enough to take the subway to everything up to Central Park and Times Square.

Good hotel for tourists and casual stays. A bit away from the financial center but nothing is too far away. Many food small restaurant choices and steps away from the SI Ferry.

Mixed bag with this hotel and I'm not sure if the pros outweigh the cons.

What we like:

- location. Near the water and the ferries as well as Bowling Green station.

What we don't like:

- rooms. Our room was a bit run down (e.g. broken lamp, noisy bed, bad sound proofing). But at least the bathroom is big(ger) and clean.

- service. I don't know where to start with this. The front desk staff seems to be so indifferent and busy with their phones all the time.

- ethics (or lack thereof). We booked a room for three nights and specifically noted in our reservation (as well as called the hotel) that we would be arriving the next morning but needed the room held for us. We even did the mobile check in.

Despite this, they gave our room away. I meant actually cancelling our current reservation and remaking it- which seemed so shady.

They placed us in a worn-out queen bed room on a much lower floor, even though we paid for an upper-floor king bed room.

When we asked the staff about it, we were given the "there’s nothing we could do' spiel, with no effort to make it right - even insinuating that if not for this room being available, we won't be checked in until later.

But didn't we pay an extra night so there's no second guessing whether or not we're guaranteed the room we want when we arrive? So frustrating.

This hotel is a shame to the Hilton name.
Our first bad "Hilton" experience.

+ Location
- No complimentary water(in July)/ No everyday Roomservice (when we asked for a room service they left our room without soap. At least we got fresh/dry towels and they emptied the bin.)
- On the second day coffee was out at 9am. The servicedesk couldn't tell us when it would be refilled.
- Free Wifi barely quick enough for emails.
- The showerhead was broken

I cannot fathom how this (Hilton) Garden Inn has such good reviews.

I hope your experience will be a lot better.

I had an Amazing Stay at the Hilton.

Grundsätzlich ganz in Ordnung. Personal am Check-In könnte etwas aufmerksamer sein war aber trotzdem freundlich. Zimmer von der Größe her auch ganz in Ordnung und die Klimaanlage hat auch wunderbar funktioniert. Jedoch gab es irgendwie wenig Platz um Koffer und sachen abzulegen. Das Bad war jedoch schlecht. Wir hatten ein Zimmer in dem es nur einen Duschvorhang gab und nach Benutzung war das gesamte Bad unter Wasser. Das Toilettenpapier ist Kilometerweit weg unter dem Waschbecken platziert, es gab keine Seife, der Duschkopf war defekt (was nach melden an der Rezeption aber auch sofort repariert wurde) und ebenfalls hat man auch im Bad 0 Ablagemöglichkeiten. Selbst die Handtuchhalter sind in der Dusche Platziert. Das könnte man deutlich besser machen. Also schlussendlich ein Aufenthalt der in Ordnung war.

Had one of the worst hotel experiences at Hilton Garden Inn, New York. Our check-in was supposed to be at 3 PM—we arrived at 5 PM and half our booking still wasn’t ready. We left our bags in the one room available and headed out, hoping the rest would be sorted by the time we returned.

Unfortunately, things only got worse. On Day 1, one room had water that wouldn't drain, and the other had no hot water. We reported it, and while a staff member initially came, my sister-in-law was in the shower so we asked him to return. He never did.
Day 2, we reminded the front desk and left for the day. Came back to find the issue still unresolved. We had to waste another hour of our evening getting the drain issue looked at—and still no hot water.
Day 3, after a full day out, we returned to find that there was no shower gel in the room. Isn’t it basic for housekeeping to refill essentials daily?
Day 4, we came back at 4.00 PM only to find that one of our rooms hadn't been cleaned at all. As I write this, I’m literally sitting in the lobby waiting for them to clean the room, wasting yet another hour—when we just needed to freshen up and head out for a cruise.

While Imran from the front desk was initially helpful, today when I brought up these repeated issues, he acted like it was all completely normal.
This level of customer service is completely unacceptable, especially from a brand like Hilton.

The location was perfect — super convenient and close to everything we needed. I really liked the overall concept and design of the hotel, but the cleanliness was completely unacceptable.

There were fresh blood stains on the floor, and I actually watched housekeeping try to scrub them out — which is how I knew it was fresh. To make matters worse, there was vomit left in the corner of the room, and everything just felt grimy and neglected. I didn’t feel comfortable at all and had to use disposable sheets and towels just to make it through the night.

I barely slept because of how unsanitary everything felt. It’s such a shame because the hotel has great potential — but until they seriously improve cleanliness and quality control, I can’t recommend staying here.

We stayed here with my kids. The fire alarm went off twice at 1am and the hotel guests all evacuated. The fire dept came, cleared it, then came back. They told guests that they couldn't reach the person with the code for the alarm system. It went off because someone smoked in their room. The fire dept told us this has happened at this hotel before. There are issues with the alarm. We were sent back to our rooms, where the alarm went off three more times throughout the night at 3am, 4am and 5am. In the morning, when I asked for a refund the young girl flippantly said, "Yeah, I'll refund last night, but someone smoked in their room. That's not on us." Never again.

Ursprünglich hatten wir ein anderes Hotel in Downtown gebucht, mussten aber aufgrund zahlreicher negativer Berichte kurzfristig umplanen. Glücklicherweise fiel unsere Wahl auf das Hilton Garden Inn in unmittelbarer Nähe zur Staten Island Fähre – eine Entscheidung, die sich während unseres entspannten, zweiwöchigen Aufenthalts voll und ganz bewährt hatte.||Die Zimmerausstattung entsprach unseren Erwartungen und war in einem sehr guten Zustand. Einziger kleiner Kritikpunkt: Für bis zu vier Personen ist ein Schrank etwas knapp bemessen. Auf Nachfrage wurde uns jedoch umgehend ein zusätzlicher Koffer-Ständer bereitgestellt.||Vor allem genossen wir den Ausblick auf die Fähre und die Möglichkeit, die Fenster etwas zu öffnen. Die Klimaanlage funktionierte leise und einwandfrei. Das Bad war gepflegt und stets sauber. Die Handtücher wurden täglich gewechselt. Auch die Fahrstühle waren stets schnell verfügbar.||Ein Highlight war der morgendliche Kaffee- und Tee-Service in der Lobby – perfekt für den Start in den Tag. Zum Frühstücksangebot können wir leider nicht sagen.||Besonders beeindruckte uns das gesamte Service-Team: Die Mitarbeiter an der Rezeption und das Zimmerpersonal waren durchweg freundlich, hilfsbereit und zuvorkommend. Besonders möchten wir Martin hervorheben, der uns stets mit einem Lächeln und großem Engagement unterstützte.||Alles in allem können wir das Hilton Garden Inn ausdrücklich empfehlen. Unsere Bewertung: 4,5 von 5 Sternen – einen halben Punkt Abzug gibt es für die Ausstattung, da für längere Aufenthalte etwas mehr Stauraum wünschenswert wäre.

地理位置好，步行就能到達去自由女神的cruise處，也能走到華爾街。房間乾淨衛生

We stayed a night here. Pre-honeymoon. First off. The front desk employee was not even receptive towards us. She seemed to not want to look at us or anything and just look like she was too busy on something that she was doing at her desk. I understand about doing your job but your job is to give great customer service. She didn't even tell us how the elevator worked with your key card. I've never been to this hotel and one of the guests showed me how to use it. Yes the view was beautiful but the room was small especially for what you pay. I know that Out of Towners won't mind paying it because they're not used to certain things and especially knowing sizes of rooms. The next problem was the bathroom. The shower tub had hair from a previous customer. That was nasty. The glass door didn't close in so the water was splashing out. I had to lift and put force to close it. The toilet would spit out water when you flush. Literally nasty after you use the toilet. No cups but they had coffee to make in the room. The fridge felt kind of warm and not cold. I also remembered from booking at other hotels we had complimentary breakfast but in this one you had to pay for everything except for the coffee. The scrambled eggs was watery in the pancakes was really dry. Would I come here again maybe just to rent it for the night in order to get where I need to go but I won't be coming to this hotel again.

This Hilton didn’t really feel like the typical Hilton experience. The service was great, no complaints there, but the rooms were definitely on the smaller side and felt a bit outdated. Not dirty or run-down, just could use some modern updates to match what you’d expect from the Hilton name. Parking is located across the street and runs about 45 dollars a night, which honestly isn’t too bad considering the location. The area itself is great with plenty around to walk to.

Great location

Extremely disappointing experience at Hilton Garden Inn. We had booked two interconnecting rooms and arrived well past the check-in time (5 PM, while check-in is at 3 PM), yet one of the rooms was still not ready. Once we finally got in, one room had drainage issues and the other had no hot water, neither of which were resolved until the second night of our stay.

Just when we thought things were finally sorted, we discovered there was no shower gel in one of the rooms—despite it supposedly being cleaned. Not sure how housekeeping works if basic amenities are missed.

Now, on day 4, we returned to our room at 4:30 PM, only to find that housekeeping hadn’t even cleaned it yet. Completely unacceptable for a hotel of this brand. Hilton needs to seriously improve its standards—this stay has been nothing short of frustrating.

Definitely not a 4 star hotel and surely not for family who wants to stay for more than a night as it’s just a quick crash landing place for one night and check out. I would have given a negative rating if I had the option to do so

Love this location! Subways, bus are a 2-minute walk. Restaurants close by. Busy area during the day as it's close to Staten Island Ferry, Statue of Liberty and 9/11 but in the evening it quiets down nicely

AC doesn't work. Room stayed at 74 degrees. Never got cooler.

After we checked in, we found the AC was not working in the room. We informed the front desk, they sent someone to fix it, and the guy told us it would be working within 30 minutes. Something is wrong with the switch. We were so tired that why we fell asleep, and after we got up the next morning, we felt like we were in the woven. We went to the front desk and talked to Ms. ANN, the Front desk Manager. She told us she will send the chief engineer as soon as possible.  But nothing happens until we check out.  They didn't offer us another room if not an apology 😒...
Worst experience we ever had..

화장실이 생각보다 많이 오래됐고 지저분 하긴 한데 위치는 너무 좋았습니다
객실은 많이 좁아요
숙소 앞에 풍경은 좋았습니다

Great location near the subway, but everything else fell short.

No water bottles (a first in all my travels), no soap or bodywash on arrival, and a clogged sink that took forever to drain. The sink design was terrible, the tap blasted water at full force with no way to adjust it. It splashed everywhere, and there’s no way this setup is environmentally friendly with the amount of water being wasted.

The shower was just as frustrating. Water temperature swung wildly depending on what other guests were doing, we could hear every toilet flush and faucet turn on in nearby rooms. Showering felt like cycling between an ice bath and dancing in lava.

Room temperature was another battle: below 73°F felt like a freezer, above 74°F like a desert. No way to strike a comfortable balance, no matter how much we tried.

Housekeeping knocked over our toothbrushes two days in a row and tossed our pajamas from the bed onto the floor, not a big deal, but oddly careless.

The night receptionist (guy with glasses) was unnecessarily rude and unhelpful.

The free Wi-Fi was also ungodly slow! I am really uncertain why this hotel is so highly rated. Not worth the stay — aside from the convenient location.

This hotel is nothing like the photos and 5-star reviews listed and I would avoid it if you can. We arrived early and was politely greeted by kind gentlemen at the front desk who took our luggage and asked us to wait to be checked in. While waiting I noticed the lobby smelled musty and several other people were waiting for their rooms to be ready. Luckily we checked in 30 mins earlier than expected.

Upon entering our floor, we noticed the hallways were very dim and I noticed the carpet floor was dirty and stained. Inside of our hotel room things seemed "clean" but the furniture was clearly dated and lightly damaged (chipped, and old fashioned). The bed made an awful noise when you moved on it and the outlets on the walls next to it were very loose and didn't fit our wall plugs. We planned a 3 night stay but checked-out early due to finding red splatter stains on the inside of the bathroom door which made us feel really uncomfortable.

I notified the front desk and requested additional cleaning. The stain was cleaned up but the thought of what it could have been made it hard to continue the stay. For the total of around $800 for 3 nights at a "4-star" hotel the standards should be way higher.

Positive: Staff friendly Negative: Rooms very small

The front desk manager (?) was able to check us in early and offered complimentary bottled water as a nice gesture.
The room was nice but the restroom was on the smaller side.
TV was basic cable only.
We stayed for 2 nights.
The breakfast menu was a little pricey. One of the front desk girl charged for bottled water after getting it for free every time we asked.
The ice machine was down and the water fountain on the 2nd floor wasn’t working.
The free coffee was ok. Location is ok.
When we got the room refreshed, they gave us one towel instead of three which was random.

Perfect location and very nice rooms.

Near Statute of liberty and charging bull. near MTA. The service is good

Been looking for a hotel that was close to attractions, easy to get around Manhattan and also a bit away from the huddle and bustle. This hotel ticked all the boxes..!

Close to two subway stations with different lines so can get to and from hotel well.

Walking distance of some great local bars, didn’t eat at the hotel or restaurants nearby but did see food in hotel and it looked nice.

Room is big enough for a holiday in NYC, bed comfy.

Only slight criticism is the sliding door for bathroom and towels were a bit small (but I am a big guy)

Overall would stay here again and would recommend to other travellers.

As longtime Hilton Honors members, we’ve always booked our stays directly with Hilton. On one occasion, for a last-minute trip, we found a significantly better price on a third-party site. Before booking, we checked Hilton’s Price Match Guarantee and saw that they offered it. We carefully read the terms and conditions and confirmed that we met the requirements—everything was very clear.

We called Hilton to request the match and were strung along for over an hour. Eventually, the representative told us they couldn’t get authorization to approve the match and transferred us. The next person’s system "went down" after about 20 minutes, and they hung up on us. We called back again, and after another 20 minutes, we were told that price matches couldn’t be approved over the phone—a direct contradiction of what the first agent had said.

Then, we were transferred again to yet another department, where the agent couldn’t understand that a website might have a domain ending other than ".com."

When we finally got to discussing the actual price, they began backtracking and claiming that the terms didn’t permit it. When I pointed out that I had read the terms, they responded that they were working off “different documentation.”

As a small business owner who goes out of their way to maintain goodwill with long-term customers, I’m done. I’ve wasted hours trying to follow the rules of a so-called guarantee that seems designed not to be honored. I will now share this experience with anyone considering this hotel chain.

Ironically, they just posted a cut and paste reply below.  So, they want me to waste more time to call them?  This is not a solution.  If they cared they would look at the screeshots and make a decision right here to demonstrate some accountablility, but that won't happen.

Went down to the restaurant for coffee during breakfast and the coffee was finished! When I asked if there’s more they said go to the lobby , so I have to make my way to the lobby for coffee then head back up to order food which is ridiculous, whoever is the Food and Beverage Manager clear don’t understand hospitality or how to run a department. Lastly no one checks the cleanliness of the coffee or condiments area. F and B needs to do better!

Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in NYC’s Financial District and loved the location! It’s right by Battery Park and super close to major sights in FiDi, all within walking distance. The staff were friendly and welcoming, which made the stay even better. Only downside was a false alarm one night that had us a bit spooked. Tried calling the front desk but couldn’t get through, so we had to walk to the lobby to figure out what was going on. No one seemed to know what happened, which was a bit frustrating, but it’s not really the staff’s fault. Overall, I’d recommend this hotel if you want to stay in FiDi—great spot and good vibes despite the little drama!

We had a recent 5-night stay and overall this hotel was quite good.  Only complaints are within the room itself: bathroom sink faucet was annoyingly “sticky”, to the degree it was herky-jerky and difficult to turn on and off.  Maintenance looked at but could not fix. Also no exhaust fan in bathroom and barn door to bathroom doesn’t close completely.  But bed was comfy, tv worked well and view of the Battery, Staten Island Ferry and water were pretty nice. Easy access to subway. This is a quiet location south side of financial district.  Hotel breakfast was quite good (order off menu at kiosk - no buffet germs to deal with).

Worst experience ever, would not recommend. Had fire alarm at 1:30 AM on Sunday, had to evacuate. It was false alarm, no one communicated anything. No explanation from the hotel. Had to check out early this morning as they were testing fire alarm. Room is small, there is no privacy in the bathroom with this sliding door. Lots of noise from outside during the day.

PL / EU: Mozna zaplacic za depozyt zwykla karta debetowa lub telefonem.

The deposit can be made via phone, debit card, or credit card.

The service is exceptional; the staff greets us with a smile every day and takes a moment to inquire about how our day went.

Our room boasted a stunning view and was incredibly quiet at night, ensuring a restful stay. It also featured a spacious walk-in shower.

The location is ideal, with easy access to the underground station just across the street.

While the gym could benefit from more space, it provides enough equipment to meet the basic needs of a workout.

Great location in fidi near the subways, Citi e-bikes, and my fave bar, The Dead Rabbit

Przyjemny hotel z pięknym widokiem ma rzekę Hudson. Przystępny cenowo jak na NYC

WiFi is super slow; front desk said it’s only 2mbps. And there are no paid speed upgrades. Various maintenance issues with my room upon arrival and a missing tv remote. Would not recommended until management improves.

Un séjour parfait dans cet hôtel trés bien situé et trés confortable. Proche du métro et des points de départ de croisières autour de Manhattan.|Excellent accueil, un grand.merci tout particulièrement à MARTIN, FASI et HAIDI pour leur sourire et leur disponibilité. Je recommande!

I think the service is the best compared to other hotels and because of that, I do give it a 5 stars! Shout out to Victor for being an amazing front desk staff! He helped to loop our reservations together so we didn't have transfer rooms. Heidi is also an amazing professional! Also a big hat-tip to the rest of the service staff, who have all been fantastic, including housekeeping. I wish the rooms and the halls were better ventilated and more spacious and modern but despite that, the staff were fantastic!

The room had a noticeable unpleasant smell, reminiscent of sewage - possibly due to old plumbing or moisture issues in the walls.

While the room itself was quite spacious, it lacked adequate storage for two people. There was only one closet, and instead of providing more space for clothes, the room included a microwave and some other appliances, which didn’t seem particularly necessary or useful in this setting.

Additionally, the walls were quite thin. On our first night, we could clearly hear other guests arguing in their room. On the second morning we could hear the tv from the next room. This affected our overall comfort.

On the positive side, considering its location in Manhattan, the price felt relatively fair.

Overall, it’s an okay place for the price and, but they really need to address the damp, unpleasant smell in the room and maybe improve sound isolation.

Great stay. Take a view on water. Great interest with other hotels : you don’t sleep with noisy AC or building tech. Quiet. Great staff. Super friendly. Martin proposed me and did organise my trip to EWR with a great driver and comfortable car. For the price of a cab. Great recommendation. And lift available on demand. In another hotel, it took up to 15 min to get a lift.

Worse feeling to stay this hotel even the location is mot bad

Great place to stay, you can walk for 3 minutes to get to the subway it’s also right by the pier.

Poor security.

Wir waren 4 Nächte im Hotel. Die Lage ist toll und die Aussicht aufs Wasser ist der Wahnsinn.|Etwas laut, Zimmer sind sehr hellhörig. Aber nach einen anstrengenden Sightseeing-Tag, schläft man wie ein Stein. Personal ist sehr freundlich und hilft bei Wünschen. Danke an Martin für manche Tipps. |Sauberkeit war i.O. Handtücher wurden jeden Tag gewechselt. |In der Nähe waren einige U-Bahnstationen.

Positive: The location, the gym, the ability to order food if needed, and  the convience of everything in the hotel. Negative: The way the door locked made me feel unsafe.  Also the piece that you flipped up was loose so that did not improve me feeling safe.

Ottima posizione, cordialità.. Stanze non troppo grandi ma bella doccia.. Chiaramente manca il bidè

After a previous bad hotel experience, it's good to see there's still some places with great service and clean rooms!

Das Hotel lieg "ruhig" ganz in der Nähe der Staten Island Ferry. Vom JFK (Terminal 5) bis zum Hotel benötigten wir ca. 1 Stunden (aufgrund der Verkehrs). Wir hatten einen Abholservice vorher gebucht. Dies empfehlen wir auch. Mit der Subway zum Hotel zu fahren, ist zwar auch möglich, aber dauert länger. Das Hotel hat eine kleine Lobby. Alles ist sauber und das Hotel ist eine klare Empfehlung.

Wonderful stay. Make sure to stop by the second floor bar for happy hour to sit with Raimy. She is so friendly and inviting we forgot we had all of New York to explore and sat talking to her for hours!

We were in a small king. Size room would’ve preferred to double beds, but we didn’t spend too much time in the hotel. I was clean. Staff were friendly. It was fine. It is in a really good location and nice area.

Excelente hotel, lejos del ruido, cerca del ferry y otras áreas .

Positive: Location was perfect. Negative: ""

A bit of a joke, tbh. Tv never works, most outlets didn't work, no space for clothes, towels never got changed, rooms are small, the list goes on and on. Unless you're here for one night and don't plan to do more than sleep in the room, I suggest you avoid this hotel; it's bad.

The staff is friendly, though. We loved the bartenders.

My go to hotel in NYC comfortable, quiet, safe. Downtown at the Staten Island Ferry Terminal.  Good subway links and some exceptional pubs close by.

Terrible service !!! I stayed 3 nights and there was no hot shower! I had to wait 45 min for them to change me the room after trying to fix it. I sent an email to the manager Hector he never answered . Staff in the reception is terrible and not there to help at all. Also they denied to give me the receipt since it was booked through a third party! Unacceptable!! Lack of customer care!!

I stayed for 4 nights and this was my worst Hilton experience! worst price performance.

Wir waren auf der Durchreise und die Empfangsdame Heidi gab uns einen Einblick was diese tolle Hotelkette ausmacht. Einfach ein super klasse zuvorkommender Service. Es war extrem sauber und unkompliziert und trotzdem professionell. |She did a great Job.

This was such a pleasant surprise, quiet, convenient & plenty on the doorstep! Really fantastic rooms & everything I needed. Lovely team :) :)

Do not want to leave the review because I don't want others to know about it. Hit the lottery when we found this hotel. To us there was no need to stay in the heart of it all as cost was more of a factor. From a super late check in to maid staff to the restaurants, everything was an amazing experience. Hotel was no more than a 5 min walk to food and the subway. When back will definitely stay here again!

Location-wise, very convenient and quiet during the night. We first stayed here in 2023 and enjoyed our experience, so we booked it again this year. However, I was disappointed this time. While the front desk were very friendly and accommodating, the quality of service had taken a sharp decline. We asked the staff to relay to housekeeping that we needed fresh towels daily, and we almost never received a full, clean set. The sheets were coming off the bed upon our arrival, and the shower was not very clean. The water pressure in the shower was also shockingly weak. The housekeeping staff did not speak any English, so even communicating with them to get an additional towel proved to be a challenge. However, asking them directly proved to be beneficial, as it seems the front desk were not relaying our messages to them. Overall, we may splurge for something nicer next time, it seems that the quality is not what it used to be.

The Hilton Garden Inn Financial Center offers a privileged location in Manhattan and a spacious room, but leaves a lot to be desired in terms of service and attention to detail. For such a high price, we expected a much higher standard, especially as a Hilton hotel. The experience was by far the worst value for money we've ever had when traveling, delivering less even than more economical lodgings. Positive points: - Excellent location. - Spacious room with fridge and microwave. - Friendly and efficient reception staff. Negative points: - Problems with the thermostat (extreme cold and noise). - Serious shortcomings in replenishing amenities. - Inconsistent housekeeping service. - Bed comfort and pillows far below expectations. If location is the only determining factor, it could be a viable option. However, if you expect quality service, comfort and the Hilton standard of excellence, this hotel doesn't deliver. I don't recommend it. We filed a complaint with the Customer Service Center and they never got back to us. Lack of customer care.

Food is great, I did not sleep there only visit.

We were able to check in early which was nice.
Our first room was by the elevator and not cleaned- sheets appeared dirty and there was an odor.
Our second room was clean, but the TV didn’t work. We asked for help with the tv more than once and it finally started working on our last day.
We asked the front desk for a place for a quick bite and he directed us to a nearby place that was closed.
That’s all I can remember.
I enjoyed being near the ferry and subway but I saw other hotels I would choose next time, mostly due to the service.

We loved our stay at this hotel. A special commendation goes to Martin for his cheerful demeanor and kindness. He was quick to offer assistance and helped us arrange an airport transfer on our check-out day.

Me encantó la ubicación. Si deseas ir a la estatua de la libertad puedes caminar al punto de salida (2 min) y usar el ferri gratuito, ir al Bull y queda muy cerca cualquier estación para el subway o Buss. El servicio a la habitación es rápido y la comida tiene buen sabor. Puedes preparte café en la habitación y es genial porque el clima siempre es frio.

I booked this hotel because it had a gym. I wanted to do 6 miles on the treadmill since I am running the New York half marathon. I told the front desk that none of the treadmills were working as you can see and she said she would have maintenance fix them which was a lie. They never got fixed and no explanation. We book a hotel due to the amenities they offer so it's better to state that treadmills don't work. They only have two treadmills for display since they don't work. If you are a fitness fanatic do yourself a favor and find another hotel. I can say for the stay this is one and done for me. Hilton Honors members like me please take note.

Pretty disappointing. The room is small, but that's not what's wrong with it. It's not thoughtfully designed. The closet is a good example of what's wrong with everything: it's small, but the real problem is that you can't hang anything in it because most of the space is taken up by an iron, ironing board, and virtually useless luggage rack (since there's no room to open it). The shelf on top is dusty, too. Just installing a hook somewhere on the wall so you could hang your coat would have made a difference. And I've never stayed in a Hilton with no toilet paper dispenser. They put a roll on the bathroom counter and leave you to your own devices ...

Extremely slow Wi-Fi, too (<5 Mbps).

Find someplace else.

Can't sleep. The machine (i think it's air conditioner)running so loud. It's 2：47am Right now

Réceptionniste adorable, donne des conseils pour nos visites, se rappelle de nos noms !

Chambre petite mais très confortable. Service au top

Excelente opcion,  lugar tranquilo,  habitación limpia y el metro a una cuadra de distancia

muy buena experiencia, habitaciones confortables, y completas, ya que disponen de cafetera, nevera y microondas. Buena ubicación cerca de estación de metro, y a poca distancia andando de la zona de Wall Street. La zona es bastante tranquila. A destacar la buena predisposición de Martin, con el que nos pudimos comunicar en español, para cualquier duda que nos surgía. Sin duda recomiendo este hotel y repetiremos en las siguientes ocasiones que se nos presenten.

Amazed this is 4 stars - zero amenities - terrible food - cheaply appointed.  Hard to believe this is a bus-class hotel circa 2025.  Stay here only if you have to.  Looks and feels like a 90's-era Garden Inn.

This hotel is great for the location. Looking at the sunrise and sunset is so beautiful. The room is on the smaller side but it's NYC plus it was very reasonably priced so that was okay to me. I didn't like how the bathroom didn't have actual doors just a slide door but it is to save space. The staff was extremely nice, they let me check in early as well. The food on the 2nd floor is delicious and had a great experience with them. I felt safe here, transportation close by. I would definitely come back here.

I stayed here during the holidays. The location is great- very close to the 1, R/W, 4/5 train stations. The Staten Island Ferry Terminal and the Battery Waterfront Park is right across the street. There are other terminals that’ll take you to IKEA and up to Williamsburg, which is great to tour the East River and offers great views of all three iconic bridges and the Manhattan Skyline. Many attractions are just one train ride away, such as Central Park, Times Square, the World Trade Center, the Rockefeller Center, Downtown Brooklyn, DUMBO, Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue, etc. Penn Station is also one train ride away, which is convenient as I took the Amtrak. I took a scenic walk along the waterfront about a block away and walked to the Brooklyn Bridge. The Charging Bull and the New York Stock Exchange is also a short walk away from the hotel. The location felt safe at night, which is relieving as I was traveling solo for the majority of the trip.

The lobby had ample seating and outlets. The concierge was very helpful with checking me in. There were multiple elevators that were functioning properly and quickly. Ice machines are located on about every other floor. I didn’t eat at the restaurant/bar, but there is that option in case guests would like to settle in for a meal/drink. The gym is located in the basement and has a good amount of equipment and machines. Water bottles are provided. There is also a laundry room with multiple washer and dryer units. Wi-Fi is free and works throughout the hotel.

Undoubtedly, many hotels in New York have smaller rooms, but I was pleasantly surprised on how much room I had to spread out my luggage and other belongings. I had a standard King Room. I didn’t feel cramped, and I brought a lot of stuff. The room felt a tad-bit dated and worn out, as there were a few scruffs on the furniture. I didn’t have a waterfront-facing room, however, I was still pleased as there was a lot of natural light coming from my view. The blackout curtains came in handy as I was still jet lagged for the first couple of days. Though, I do admit my room felt a little dimly lit at night. The wardrobe was small, but it did come with an iron and board. If I remember correctly, the mini-fridge in the room also came with a tiny freezer compartment. There is also a microwave, which really came in handy for warming up my tasty pizza and roti leftovers for breakfast lol. I liked the bathroom. The countertop was spacious, and the lighting was bright and ideal for skincare/makeup. There was a blowdryer, lotion, body wash, shampoo, and the shower had consistent hot water. The thermostat worked great for both heating and cooling. There’s a desk with ample outlets, an ergonomic desk chair and a lamp/desk light. The bed was very comfortable, though there admittedly was a couple of stained sheets the first night. Thankfully, the sheets were changed to cleaner ones throughout the rest of the stay.

I arrived back late to transit delays. I couldn’t thank the staff enough for their understanding and professionalism, as they allowed me a little more time to pack up my belongings and clear out the room. The housekeeping staff was very friendly and helpful. Sadly, I couldn't remember her name, but one of the staff helped me take my bags out of the room and gave me a plastic bag to store and protect my big plushie 😂. I was grateful to leave my bags behind after checkout, which allowed me to explore the city for a few more hours worry-free.

Overall, I enjoyed my stay here. It’s in a perfect location for easy access to Brooklyn, Staten Island, and the rest of Manhattan. The room is bigger than other hotels I’ve stayed in, and the staff were very helpful. The room was comfortable and spacious for me, and the area felt safe. I highly recommend staying here if you want a more affordable hotel in the Financial District/Lower Manhattan with a reputable hotel brand.

Was an amazing stay in very neat rooms, and the views were amazing.

Great place to stay if you are interested in Wall Street and everything lower NYC has to offer!

Everything about this hotel was perfect! We were visiting for my husband’s birthday! We had a city view, the view was horrible, we were upgraded to a water view at no charge! The rooms were cozy and accommodating, equipped with refrigerator and microwave! The Staten Island ferry was a block away!  Many reasonable restaurants, food trucks, eatery’s nearby! The staff was phenomenal!!

Great location, friendly and professional staff. Martin and Jennifer helped us in the morning, I unfortunately didn't get the names of who checked us in but everything was incredible. Price was incredibly reasonable.

Propre, proche du métro, literie confortable

Un hotel muy completo, zona tranquila y bien ubicado. El personal muy amable. La habitación muy bien y la cama cómoda. Normalmente los hoteles sueles escuchar desde la habitación los ruidos de fuera, pero en esta habitación me sorprendió y no se escuchaba nada. La habitación que nos tocó tenía vistas al mar.

Good location, kind staff. Everytime I asked for a favor, they helped me.

I accidentally booked this hotel thinking it was another Hilton, but I like its relatively remote and quiet location. The rooms are spacious and super comfy in regards to the beds. The heater/ventilation leaves a fine white residue on my electronics, like other hotels have done, which I don’t love (plus it makes me sneeze), but it’s not overbearing. The one thing I don’t love is the internet speed. It took me about 15 hours to download a 4gb work file I needed, and the neighboring Starbucks and adjacent coffee spots all had malfunctioning wifi, so I had to come back to the hotel anyway. Maybe it was because I was on the 24th floor? Great view, terrible wifi.

In any case, I’d stay here again, but the wifi situation would certainly make me look at my options.

The rooms were excellent overall. I was upgraded from the 10th floor to the 26th floor, and the room was spacious, clean, and well-maintained. However, there were a couple of issues. The bathroom faucet dripped constantly through the night, and the sliding bathroom door didn’t stay closed, which was inconvenient. On the bright side, the view from the room was fantastic, with a clear sight of the Staten Island Ferry.

The hotel itself has a small floor plan, with only seven rooms on each of the 29 floors. We were on the 26th floor, and while the size made it feel more private, the elevators were incredibly loud. They made a clunking sound and sudden jerks anytime they moved, which was very noticeable and disrupted the otherwise quiet environment.

The gym was impressive—well-stocked with towels and water, making it a pleasant place to work out. Additionally, the washers were convenient and in great condition. Unfortunately, the breakfast was a major downside and overshadowed an otherwise great stay.

As a Hilton Diamond member who often stays at Hilton Garden Inns across the U.S., I found this breakfast to be the worst I’ve experienced. Breakfast is served on the second floor as a walk-up order system rather than the usual table service offered at most Hilton Garden Inns. The staff member taking orders was not very friendly, and when I ordered an omelet and a Sprite, I didn’t receive the drink until I picked up my food and reminded them.

The food was served in a plastic container with disposable cutlery—no silverware, plates, mugs, or glasses—which felt subpar for a Hilton Garden Inn, especially given the maximum room rate of $1,999.95 per night. Overall, while the rooms, gym, and laundry facilities were excellent, the breakfast experience and noisy elevators were disappointing and not up to Hilton’s usual standards.

I was satisfied with their kindness and cleanliness. I want to visit again

Wonderful view

Decent rooms and location on the quieter side of Manhattan. Always enjoyed the M55 bus route at night down Broadway, back to the hotel.

Shoutout to the service staff on the morning of christmas eve 2024, who allowed us to check-in at 8am! For our family who have travelled 24hours from Asia, thank you for making our day. The shower and rest was much appreciated.

My room reeks of cigarette smoke I’ve asked the front desk to address this twice now. The maintenance man agrees the room reeks but all they can do is sprinkle arm and hammer on the floor. They promised me a new room and they never provide one. Also the bed makes a horrible sound. Please watch my video

Das Hotel war sehr schön, es ist in der nähe von dem battery park, und das Personal war sehr freundlich.Besonders die Frau Heidi Rafael an der Reception.Kommen gerne wieder.Das Frühstuck war auch immer lecker und es gab ganz viel zur Auswahl.

We have stayed at this hotel many times and love the view from the room. The staff are always very friendly. The location is ideal for the subway or SI ferry. The only downside is housekeeping. Hit and miss as to the room getting serviced. Also, housekeeping frequently takes one of the 3 elevators out of action which means it can take longer to get to your room, especially on a high floor

We chose this hotel as it’s near Battery Park and we’re going on the ferry to Ellis island to see the Statue of Liberty closer!

Servizio ottimo buona posizione e personale molto accogliente ringrazio anche a martin laura e fasi per la loro disponibilità albergo consigliatissimo servizio trasporto in aereporto molto sicuro e ottimo.|Il servizio ristorazione molto buono e conveniente .

Nos alojamos en Octubre, un par de días muy fríos, y no funcionaba la calefacción o no la tenían encendida, la habitación no subía de 18.5ºC. Nos trajeron un calefactor portátil después de llamar un par de veces a recepción. La habitación es un poco pequeña. De no haber tenido el problema de la calefacción para nosotros sería un buen hotel, pero pagando más de 300€ por noche solo alojamiento y que no funcione la calefacción...

A clean and modern hotel in an excellent location. It’s a quiet spot near the metro station, featuring a food hall with delicious options and quick room service.

Hôtel sans trop de charme mais bien situé et service nickel.

We DO NOT recommend to book this hotel. This is by far the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. If you want poor service and customer experience then this hotel is good choice.

I reached out to the hotel based in the reply. It turns out that this is an automated reply. No wonder this hotel does not care about their guests before or after the stay.

Room: Rooms are small and not maintained well. The washbasin has a crack and the water does not drain easily. There was no shower gel in the bottle. Rooms are not sound proof, you can hear all the conversations in the corridor. They put stained bedsheets in rooms.

Service: In spite of telling the front desk in the morning that the room needs to be cleaned and bedsheets changed, towels replaced. None was done and they had the whole day to do this.

Location: The only saving grace is the location but that is true for most hotels in NY.

Zimmer mit angenehmer Größe und unfassbar schönem Ausblick! Etage 29, Zimmer 2908!!! Mega!! Personal freundlich, Standort gut an den U-Bahn Stationen gelegen und DIREKT an der Staten Island Ferry. Restaurant in Etage 2, laut Personal nicht zum Hilton gehördend, war katastrophal. Gut geeignet für eine Woche Stadturlaub.

A good location, very close to the south ferry station (last stop). Lots of construction around the hotel at the moment which makes it harder to access.

Room was a decent standard. Some plugs were not working, USB-A wall plug also not working as it was loose, shower gel not refilled on both first and second night (was empty), front desk does not do any bookings so difficult to enquire about extending stay. The shower temperature was very volatile and would go from very hot to very cold. Shower pressure could also be improved.

Overall, not a bad stay but many minor things for improvement that would have enhanced the overall stay.

지하철 역, 버스 정거장들과 가깝고 근처에 마트와 약국 등이 있어 머물기에 편리했다.월스트릿의 상징인 황소 동상과도 거리가 가까워 관광객들이 없는 이른 아침에 사진 촬영하기에 좋았다.샤워젤과 비누가 없어서 요청했더니 10분 내로 가져다주었다.샤워시 더운물 온도는 약간씩 변하지만 크게 불편할 정도는 아니었다.길건너에 공영주차장이 있어 비싼 맨하탄 물가임에도 주차비는 나름 합리적으로 지불할 수 있었다. (맨하탄에 도착하면서 주차장에 주차하고 돌아가던 날에 출차했다)호텔 창문으로 바다가 보이는 것이 장점으로 해 뜨는 시각의 예쁜 하늘을 볼 수 있었다.

The response time, friendliness and preparation are at an all time hi.

This is by far my FAVORITE hotel that I have stayed at of all time! The rooms are updated, cozy and have everything that you need. Having a hotel with a mini fridge and microwave is hard to come by. However, my favorite part was the excellent service. The front desk team was the best. The management, EVEN BETTER. As a travel agent and someone in property management, ANNE is phenomenal! She assisted us with our check-in, offered great perks while we helped her with something, and simply provided us with exceptional service. I felt like my loyalty with Hilton was appreciated and valued. If I were to hire a management, I would bring Anne onboard anytime. Her level of care, professionalism and hospitality is unmatched. We loved the hotel and team so much that instead of saving some money by staying with family, we opted into staying at the hotel an extra night! Thank you so much for Hilton Garden Inn NYC Financial Center and Anne for an incredible experience. We will be back!!!!

The front desk was kind and helpful. I was recognized as a Diamond member. Even got an upgrade during my stay. Beds were comfy and I had all the required amenities in the room. Will return again to this property :)

Guter Standort, im süden von Manhattan, schöne Aussicht, gute Verkehrsanbindung. Gutes preisleistungsverhältnis für new york

I mean wow what a place

The hotel bar with bartender Remie is a must-visit. Their creative cocktails, warm energy, and expert craft make every visit unforgettable. Try their fun, unique cocktails before having a night out!

Remi is the best bartender

Very friendly desk staff and great location. Loses a star for the hard mattress and the high room price. I'll probably be back, specially if they can put a softer mattress topper on the bed.

Great location to experience the city without being forced to just go with the usual flow. Really close a major branch to the subway, close to the Brooklyn, Bridge, Staten Island Ferry, of an observation point to the Statue of Liberty. I’m in the City 1-2 times per year and now with the experience of this stay in this hotel, in the words of old Arnold…. “I’ll be back…”
Excellent price for a 6 day stay, and actually enjoyed sleep (one day) in the city that doesn’t

Excellent ...We were hosted here during the Pandemic ...Excellent rooms,the pillows were so comfortable ..Close to subways,extremely friendly front desk  staff who went above and beyond to accommodate us .Hilton needs to promote and pay  the front desk staff higher(a particular young Asian gentleman who is a great asset to your hotel ).The cleaning is top of the line and we are so grateful to come back to such an excellent hotel .Thank you New York City ..Thank You Hilton Hotel .

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Hilton Garden Inn, and I must say it was an outstanding experience from start to finish. The hotel itself is modern, clean, and comfortable, but what truly sets it apart is the exceptional staff.

A special shoutout to **Victor, Heidi, and Rafael**, who went above and beyond to make my stay memorable. Their professionalism and friendly demeanor instantly made me feel at home.  I'll definitely be returning on my next trip.

Nasty!!!  There were pubic hairs in the shower. We got to the room very late and were too tired to change rooms as I had already unpacked before showering, only to open the shower full of hairs. Along the edges. I called the desk and ask them to please be sure it was cleaned the next day. We returned to a room that had been straightened but a shower that had not been touched, still full of the same hairs from previous guests. I’m disgusted by the experience and even more by the customer service. I have called multiple times over multiple days and still have not received a call back. Not what I expect for over $400/night.

Our hotel room view! The hotel was nice and clean and warm. It had friendly employees that gave me such an amazing impression of New York! I was expecting the opposite from everything I’ve been told and movies but everyone was so nice! The hotel was with walking distance of many attractions. There was construction outside but I could easily maneuver around it. The hotel our last night there overwhelmingly smelled of marijuana. Someone was smoking somewhere in the hotel and the vents just kept pouring the smell into our room. People can do what they like, I have no issues with marijuana but it becomes an issue when it’s in everyone’s room now when one person is smoking.

During my recent stay at Hilton Inn, I experienced exceptional service, comfort, and luxury. From the moment I stepped into the beautifully designed lobby, I was greeted warmly by attentive staff who made check-in seamless. The décor effortlessly blended modern elegance with a cozy ambiance, setting the tone for a memorable stay.

My room was a haven of comfort, featuring plush bedding, modern furnishings, and large windows with breathtaking views of the surrounding cityscape. Small touches like complimentary bottled water, an espresso machine, and a thoughtfully curated welcome note added a personal touch. The bathroom was equally impressive, with a spacious rain shower and high-end toiletries.

Dining at the hotel was a highlight. The on-site restaurant offered a diverse menu of expertly prepared dishes. Breakfast was a feast of fresh, locally sourced ingredients, while dinner showcased creative culinary artistry. The service throughout the meals was impeccable, with staff attentive to every detail.

The amenities were equally outstanding.

Very clean, organized good bar service

The drinks and service is amazing

Hotel is great! Great Bar!

Chambre petite mais pratique. Assez bruyant, comme toutes les chambres sont prêts des ascenseurs. Le personnel est sympathique, hormis la personne qui nous a reçu à l'arrivée, cela donne une mauvaise impression c'est dommage. D'habitude dans ces hotels, il y a du café toute la journée à disposition, ce n'est pas le cas ici. L'hôtel est pratique pour visiter Manhattan en métro.

Hemos estado muy agusto en este hotel, mencion especial a Martin, nos ayudo mucho. GRACIAS!!

This place is miserable. You get maybe 2 mins of scalding hot water in the shower, followed by 1 min of lukewarm water, followed by cold water. This has happened to me on two separate stays, and it doesn't matter what time of day -- 1am, 10am, or 10pm. And to make it worse, the heater barely is able to keep up with the cold air leaking in through the window. I'm wearing long underwear under my pajamas, and my winter hat. Do not stay here. Also, the internet is painfully slow -- I just clocked it at 0.08 Mbps download and 0.56 Mbps upload.

Excellent location for traveling, excellent service and good food.

Funcionários excelentes! Super pró ativos e atenciosos|Destacamos o mr MARTIN do front dedo, muito atencioso e solícito , superou nossas expectativas, bem localizado mas com café da manhã muito raso e ruim, isso não nos agradou, calor acima da média de NYC para o padrão oferecido

Clean and Decent for New York I mean what do you expect

Best service ever! Very customer friendly! Latvia helped us, would recommend

Das Hotel ist sehr gut gelegen in Downtown.|Jedoch sind die Preis ein NY einfach zu hoch und das preis Leistungsverhältnis stimmt nicht. für einen pries von über 400$ pro Nacht verlange ich viel mehr als was dieses Hotel bietet.|Mehr sauberkeit, mehr Services.|Das Restaurant ist nicht schön und man fühlt sich da nicht wohl.|Die Klima Anlage ist der Horror. 1 Grad nach oben und es wird extrem warm im Zimmer, 1 Grad nach unten und es wird zu kalt. Die Klimaanlage lässt sich nicht so einstellen, das ein angenehmes Klima entsteht. Die Fenster lassen sich nicht öffnen für frische Luft. Und die Kaffemaschine ist ebenfalls nicht akzeptabel. Der Kaffe ist für uns Europäer schrecklich. Wasser ist nur nach vielen Spülgängen sauber und lässt sich verwenden als Tee Wasser.

Pleasantly surprised by how clean it is after reading horrible reviews of some other New York hotels. The fan somehow always automatically turn into cooling mode. I had to keep fighting it to turn it back to heating for later November evenings. Sound proof isn’t the best especially through the doors.

Fram till näst sista dagen hade vi inte så mycket att klaga på förutom ett fönster som inte gick att stänga och man hörde ljud från gatan. Detta åtgärdades dock efter två dagar. Näst sista dagen gick vi ut på morgonen och kom tillbaka sent på kvällen för att morgonen därpå packa väskor och åka hem. Då upptäckte vi att en av våra två likadana foundation var borta. Efter kontakt med hotellets manager, An och olika bortförklaringar kontaktades även en högre chef. Det skulle kollas på kameror om någon obehörig hade tagit sig in på vårt rum osv. Vi sade att vi struntar i hur det försvann från badrummet men det skulle ställas tillbaka eller så skulle vi ersättas. Städerskan kontaktades och hennes skåp kollade s (som om hon skulle lämna något där till dagen därpå..) Halva av vår sista semesterdagen gick åt att vänta på besked och gå till Sephora för att köpa en ny EL- foundation. När vi kom tillbaka hade de redan dragit av 80 $ på vår nota, ville inte ens se kvittot. Väldigt tråkig avslutning på resan. Det handlar inte så mycket om pengar utan att det finns folk som inte kan skilja på mitt och ditt och tycker att det är ok att ta saker medan folk är borta. Vi har bott på andra Hilton hotell och det har aldrig hänt något liknande. Synd att en enda person kan förstöra hotellets rykte så att man inte vill återkomma. En sådan person är en för mycket. Tack till de andra vi mött i receptionen som var hjälpsamma och trevliga!

Martin was very helpful and nice greeting us every time we entered and leave the hotel!!

Mi experiencia en este hotel fue muy buena   Muy céntrico.  el desayuno bueno. La atención increíble   El señor Martín  excelente y amable 100%

Decent hotel. Location is alright because there's a subway station close by but there's not a lot of restaurants around. Room is decent assuming you understand it will be a small room because it's New York.

The rooms are very clean and the outside is fairly quiet. On the second floor there is a restaurant with many different food options and very kind and helpful workers. Right across the street are ferries to staten, liberty island and more.

Such a wonderful hotel!
My room was available for check-in 4 hours earlier than the standard check in time with no extra cost. Location is convenient, you will find a few subways lines around, multiple restaurants and coffeehouses.
The rooms are very convenient: beds/pillows and comfy, room size is good, mini fridge and coffee/tea maker are available. Different types of lighting makes it convenient. Location of power sockets is great. Bathroom is wonderful. They have shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and body lotion available. It’s a very quiet hotel, I didn’t hear any noise from the corridor or other rooms.
As well, the cleanliness was on point!
Iron, ironing table and a drying rack are available in the room.
Every morning there is a free station in the lobby with hot water, tea and coffee.
The laundry room is fine, though slightly pricy (4$ per wash). The gym is also good.
The view to the water and ferry was very nice.
Thank you, Hilton for the warm welcome and pleasant stay!

Rooms and bar look tired and drab, had to ask three times for my shower gel to be refilled. Location good, but considering the price, nothing about this hotel feels at all special.

Stay was delightful and very comfortable. Rooms are clean.  Great customer service. The staffs were amazing- very welcoming, helpful, kind and professional. Our heartfelt appreciation to all the front desk staffs especially Victor who always went extra mile to accommodate our requests. Great Location. Very close to subway and battery park.

Only cons is that room is super small. Came from another state in US therefore me and friend had 4 huge luggages. We could only open up one and even that, we had to utilize our bed as there’s no extra space to put it, the walking space alone is very little. Location is good though, easy to go around - loved the fact that the subway is less than 5 mins walk. Service and cleanliness can be improved.

So happy I came on the right night..LATIA...AMAZING PERSON AND FRONT DESK REPRESENTATIVE. Without asking..she has already went above and beyond to make me feel beyond comfortable and welcomed. I would definitely choose this location again also because my room was comfy..neighborhood feels safe and convenient.  Thanks Latia

Très bon hôtel, très bien situé avec ligne de métro à proximité.
Le lit était très grand et confortable.
Les chambres sont bien équipées avec micro onde, cafetière, mini frigo et le ménage était fait chaque jour.
Nous avons également testé le restaurant, c’était très bon.
Lors de notre dernier jour nous avons pu laisser nos bagages gratuitement et les récupérer en fin de journée avant de repartir.
Vraiment ravie de l’expérience dans cet établissement.

I had a fantastic stay at this hotel! The facilities were clean, comfortable, and well-maintained, and every little detail seemed thoughtfully arranged to make my visit enjoyable. A special shoutout to Latia, who went above and beyond to make me feel at home. Her kindness and attention to detail truly set the experience apart, making it one of the best hotel stays I’ve had. I’ll definitely be back – highly recommend!

Un super hôtel |Rapport qualité prix plus que correct |Les chambres sont spacieuses et propre |La literie de bonne qualité |Chambre équipée d’une machine à thé et café, frigo et microonde |Le quartier est calme la nuit|L’équipe de l’hôtel est très accueillante et sympathique |Le matin il offre dans le hall café et thé à volonté |Plusieurs entrées de métro à proximité desservants toute la ville |Je recommande

We just came from a nice stay in this NY downtown Hotel with my family.
Really nice attention by hotel team, special mention to Victor who was amazing with us and very friendly with our 5 year old kid!

Wir hatten einen sehr schönen Aufenthalt. Das Personal ist durchweg zuvorkommend & hilfsbereit.
Besonders positiv aufgefallen sind und Heidi, Laura & Martin, da wir mit diesen dreien öfter zu tun hatten! Vielen Dank für Ihre Mühen!! :)

This hotel was fantastic! The bar was fantastic and our bartender Paul took great care to make sure our experience was as good as possible!

I just finished my 20 night stay here for my work trip and everyone was nice and made my stay enjoyable

When we checked in, because a friend booked the hotel front desk name S, the manager refused to let us check in and said that we had to book someone to check in online. I don't understand the significance of adding my name to the guest list. Even though we have the confirmation code, we still can't check in. We provided a variety of solutions. This rude manager refused to help us. It was a terrible experience. I don't know how she passed the staff training.

Clean rooms, perfect location and great staff.
Special thanks to Victor and Martin Haidi.

Stayed one night here a night and thought the room was in great shape and the service was fantastic. Left something behind in the room and called front desk who retrieved it and kept it safe at the front desk where I picked it up a few days later.

Room had a funky smell but overall the service and people were great and the room was overall clean!

Nice and close to the subway and battery park. The staff were AWESOME. Rooms were nice enough.

Great location if you want to be close to the water and ferries, very end of Manhatten. Great service, rooms are nice. Would definitely stay again.

The room feels like a shrunken version of a rundown motel somewhere out in the middle of nowhere in Nevada, definitely not worth the price they are asking. Furnishing and fixtures in the bathroom were badly out of shape; there are blood stains on the wall, the shower curtain, and some sheets.

The location is quite convenient though, and the staff was reasonably helpful.

위치가 관광하기엔 조금 아쉬웠지만,
객실크기, 청결, 서비스 등에 만족하였습니다😃
물은 첫날만 제공됩니다!

I booked two rooms for 4 nights through booking. We got there around 10.00 am expecting to leave our luggage and ran to Queens since we got tickets for the US Open that day.
The manager told us we didn't have any reservations for that day even though we had the confirmation with us (digital and paper) and she still denied to let us in. She argued it was booking problems and she was not going to help at all, because she didn't have more rooms.
If you are paying 2 rooms for 4 nights for more than $400 a night, you would expect she gave us some help, booking somewhere else and coming back to her hotel at the next night or whatever other solution, but no, she refuses to help, didn't want to give us the WiFi password (we don't live in the US) and never gave us a quick booking number to call them.
Instead she was rude, insulting and useless.
I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay here.

Nous avons passé un excellent séjour dans cet hôtel. Les équipes sont très sympathiques. L’hôtel est impeccable. La chambre est grande et confortable. |L’hôtel est idéalement situé au sud de Financial district et permet de faire beaucoup de visites à pied. Metro proche également.

Wir waren Anfang Oktober für eine Woche in dem Hotel und haben unseren Aufenthalt sehr genossen. |Die Lage ist super, da man die meisten Sehenswürdigkeiten sehr leicht erreichbar sind.|Zudem haben wir dank Victor und Shantel ein Upgrade auf ein zwei Bett Zimmer erhalten. Vielen Dank dafür.||Gerne wieder.

The rooms and bathroom are too small.

Martin and staff are fabulous ⭐️

The check-in was smooth, and the young lady who checked me in was extremely friendly.
The room was a bit small for a double room. The location is nice, a lot of things to do in walking distance, and Wall Street is a few blocks away.
The overnight front desk lady was rude and unfriendly.

Excellent location !
Reasonably good size rooms !

Tout à été parfait du check in au check out.

Les employés sont adorables, accueillants et prêts à aider malgré la barrière de la langue.

La chambre idéale pour 2 personnes. Literie très confortable, propre, très calme (on n'entendait aucun bruit des voisins). Nous avions une belle vue sur l'eau. Peut être un peu bruyant à cause des ferries pour Staten Island la nuit mais avec des boules quies c'était parfait (je suis sensible au bruit mais ça n'a posé aucun souci à ma fille qui dormait comme un bébé).

Idéalement situé près de Battery Park avec plusieurs lignes de métro à proximité. Facile de rejoindre Brooklyn et le nord de Manhattan en quelques minutes.

La présence d'un frigo, micro onde et cafetière est un plus après de longues journées de marche. Le ménage est fait tous les jours.

Nous avons laissé nos bagages gratuitement le dernier jour après le check out pour profiter de notre dernière journée.

Je recommande fortement cet hôtel et y reviendrai certainement lors d'un prochain séjour à New York.

Stayed here for the 1st time and I couldn’t be happier. Close to the subway, walking distance, amazing view from my room, the staff was above and beyond… you have tons of places to visit around and to eat as well, Martin, Saraya, Victor, Imran, and Haidi were super helpful during my stay.
Seriously a better option instead of midtown!

This hotel is on the middle of highriser, right near the Long Island Ferry Port and a very busy heliport. Helicopter cab and whatelse come and go every 10 mins. The view from our room was very good, considering it is half blocked by  other highrisers. Room was very clean, with some busted electric plugs and USB port. About $60 took me to this hotel from LaGuardia on a very busy 9-11 day with extra police and ambulance presence everywhere. I arrived at 2 and they let me check in right away. The breeze from the water front is very nice. I'm going to add more review as I'll be here for two days.

I stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn NYC Financial District and had a great experience. The hotel is well-designed with a fantastic view of the water. Heidi at the front desk was especially helpful—she was friendly and professional, making our stay smooth and enjoyable. I highly recommend this hotel for its location and excellent staff.

We had a confirmed reservation on Booking, which we showed both on our phone and printed out. They gave us no explanation other than that they had no rooms and left us stranded. We called the manager, she was no help at all. We wasted our entire morning of the US Open looking for another hotel. Worst experience ever.

Our recent stay at the Hilton Garden Inn NYC Financial District was unforgettable, thanks in large part to the exceptional service provided by Victor Rafael. His knowledge, friendliness, and dedication made our experience truly special. The hotel's prime location and comfortable amenities were icing on the cake. We highly recommend this hotel, especially if you're fortunate enough to be assisted by Victor.

Veey nice hotel. It's clean, spacious rooms and comfortable beds.  Perfect location, close to restaurants and public transports. I highly recommend.

Great experience here!! Very friendly staff, particularly Victor, such a great guy! We will repeat for sure!

Nicht Zimmer 804. Liegt oberhalb von Hauslüftung. Brummt 24 Stunden.😵‍💫
Zimmer einmal einfach nicht gemacht 🙄 und riecht jedes Mal nach Käsefüssen, wenn man reinkommt. Sonst sauber.
Lage super, Nähe Fähren und Metro.

Ottima posizione nel Financial District camera grande e pulita con una vista meravigliosa su Battery Park e il golfo antistante e lady Liberty.|Il personale è estremamente disponibile e gentile una menzione particolare per Martin e Laura ottima la soluzione consigliata per andare in aereoporto .||MAX

Blízko metra. Klidné místo.

Everything was good. The hotel was clean and matched with the price expectations. The location was central. The only thing was that elevators took longer time to be available.

My stay at this hotel was excellent. The hotel is situated in a relatively quiet part of NYC, just two minutes from Battery Park, the subway station, and the Staten Island Ferry. My room was comfortable, clean, and well-maintained. Breakfast at the hotel restaurant was a great way to start each day before exploring the city. The reception staff were kind and very helpful. The hotel also offered fast, free Wi-Fi. I definitely recommend this hotel for a stay in New York City.

You can't beat this location. It is literally right across the street from the 1. You can hop on the subway within seconds. It's also directly across from the Staten Island ferry, so the views are great! The hotel is clean, the staff is friendly, and we felt safe while staying there. The outside doors lock at 11pm, so the only access is by keycard. However, even walking around outside at night, I felt safe. It is an extremely nice and quiet area (at night) of Manhattan. There is some construction happening in front of the property, but it never bothered us. The price was incomparable. I have no idea why I haven't stayed here before, but I will definitely stay there every time I come to NYC from now on.

TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE

Bad service. Happened on middle of July.
I planned my trip and booked this hotel more then 2 months ago, and I received my confirmation email from the hotel directly, but when I arrived on the day, front desk told me that, my reservation has been canceled without notifying, in this busy season, this put my family in middle of nowhere, and most hotels nearby are fully booked. Even the manager came with rude attitude, she didn’t do anything to help us at all, we had bad experience.

It is very convenient and there is a lot to do and eat nearby. We had a false alarm fire drill due to something wrong with a panel or something at about 4 am. The staff didn't explain what was happening and when I asked for some money back due to disruption they ignored me on the website. Otherwise staff was good. No fan in the bathroom and our sheet was burned like someone had been smoking something in bed. Otherwise room was good. It was clean, air conditioning was good and it was safe.

A huge thank you to the staff, especially Victor, for taking care of us!  They went above and beyond expected customer service and we will never forget it…thank you!

The staff were very friendly, and the rooms were spotless! This is by far the cleanest hotel I've stayed at in NYC. I would definitely return!

Excellent hotel
Wonderful Employees⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Top et au calme mais climatisation trop forte. Le personnel est très sympathique

Ein insgesamt gutes Hotel, das nicht mit übertriebenem Luxus, sondern viel mehr mit guter Anbindung und gutem Service.

Wir konnten hier, bis wir unser Zimmer hatten, alle Koffer lagern und bekamen ein Zimmer im 20. Stock mit gutem, wenn auch (klar in NY) verbautem Ausblick.

A very bad service I expected a good service because of Hilton hotel is a brand but I first experience was very bad experience no room key always we have to ask for to open room, the time of checking water should be provide but there is no water in our room we ask for water but one hour no one bring water when I ask call he start to give excuse

Rooms are small but clean. Unfortunately there's another hotel in front blocking the view of the Hudson River

Really excellent. Hats off to the staff, especially Victor who helped me out massively when I arrived late from my flight and had issues with my booking agent back home. This was the best start to my stay I could’ve hoped for - I’m truly grateful for his assistance. Great room, great facilities, great location, with no hidden fees! Such a lovely chat with Martin on the way out who helped me out with my bags whilst I grabbed some food. Shantel’s running a seriously good team here, everyone who works there is just so bloody friendly, I was really blown away!

Got an excellent room with a view. Could see the waterfront from the 15th floor. Very nice dining places nearby. Freedom Tower in walking distance. Will visit again.

Checked in close to midnight hoping to get a good nights rest only to be greeted by this disgusting sight. Black spots on my sheets. I have sensitive skin and it could have acted up if I wasn’t alert enough. Absolutely disappointing from Hilton. Do not stay here. STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!

The hotel is  clean and quiet. I felt very safe. Location is close to the 911 memorial and museum, Staten Island Ferry and One world Observatory. Easy access to buses and subway. The restaurant on the second floor was very good and provided fast service.

coffee needs to be worked on. Restaurant needs alot of work.

The hotel was just perfect.
The service and the rooms were so clean and the service was so nice and kind.
I would like to go there anytime.
I recommend this hotel.

Super emplacement et tres belle chambre

The hotel was conveniently located near Manhattan with easy subway access. The room was comfortable and appropriately sized, and the front desk staff were helpful and friendly. However, cleanliness in the room was lacking, and amenities like toothbrushes, razors, and bottled water were not provided. Given the hotel's high cost, I questioned the necessity of offering breakfast to all guests.

Must do Happy Hour with your favorite bartender, Fernando.  He made our stay that much more welcoming in NYC.

A hotel that doesn't keep the Hilton promise of meeting customer standards. In a time where more & more Hilton properties offer complimentary water specifically to Hilton honors members, this particular branch chooses to take a cheaper route of monetizing water.

Only upside is the location that's close to the south ferry station and few streets away from NYSE.

The front desk CS excellent, but the room is old, and the bathroom is terrible. The comforter is duty. $258.00 per night plus parking for a room like this? Find a better hotel. The next door hotel is cheaper and much better. We are Hilton members for many years.

10 miles from NYC. Lovely hotel near the parkway

One night here was enough! We were not given complementary water to drink. Vending machine close to the elevator did not dispense water bottles following payment.

Clean Rooms, Good Cookie, Zero Walkability

The rooms were great—clean, comfortable, and exactly what you want from an airport hotel. The lobby is also big and impressive, with a high ceiling that makes the place feel more upscale than expected. Like a lot of Newark airport hotels, there’s no buffet breakfast or anything memorable in that department, but you do get Hilton’s standard welcome cookie, which remains the true hero of the experience.

Now for the important part: do not believe Google Maps if it tells you this hotel is walkable. It is not. Unless your travel style includes wandering into confusing roads, train areas, and mild regret, just don’t do it.

This hotel is basically accessible by shuttle, taxi, Uber, or Lyft—and that’s it. If Google convinces you otherwise, you may find yourself dragging your luggage into a transportation-themed puzzle and eventually calling a car anyway.

So yes, the hotel itself is perfectly good. Just understand that once you’re there, your relationship with motorized transportation becomes very serious.

Hotel is fine, but always have an extremely uncomfortable situation with the restaurant staff. Female hostess and waiters have little personality and always seem stressed out and talk under their breath about patrons. Please look into this.

First off the front desk staff was amazing. The room was clean and nothing special. Let's talk about the my dining experience in the restaurant. It wasn't super busy. Service was not slow it just didn't exist. There was no service. Waitress was rude. Told her I waiting a long time. She replied well everyone is waiting. Really . Not the response I expected. And lastly my chicken sandwich was terrible. Didn't taste right, it was over cooked and seemed like experied chicken.  Waitress told me she give me a discount for a meal I didn't eat. This is the worst double tree I've ever stayed in. I will never stay here again.

The view from our hotel room was absolutely amazing. Watching the planes glide in before landing with the NYC skyline in the background was such a beautiful experience. There was something so peaceful and therapeutic about sitting there and watching the planes pass by. It made the stay feel even more special. The best part was the convenient airport shuttle, which made traveling so easy and stress-free.

DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY
I booked this hotel because it’s close to the airport, offers a shuttle, and is advertised as a reliable 4-star hotel. In reality, it felt extremely poorly managed and far below 4-star standards.

- I had an early morning flight and forgot my phone charger. I politely asked the front desk if I could borrow one for just a few hours. Their solution was to leave my phone at the lobby overnight and collect it in the morning. When I explained I needed my phone alarm to wake up at 5am, they refused to help at all. Completely unreasonable and lacking basic customer service.
- Most of the staff looked annoyed and uninterested, like they just wanted guests to stop bothering them.
- The room didn’t even have a hair dryer. After requesting one, I waited around 30 minutes for it to arrive.
- No breakfast included despite the high price and “4-star” branding.
- The airport shuttle pickup location changed over a year ago, yet the hotel website still shows outdated information. Because of this, I had to drag my luggage back and forth between stations.
- There is also no clear shuttle timetable online, and multiple guests at the airport were visibly confused and trying to figure it out themselves.

Very polite and friendly staff. Clean rooms

Location is the only plus to this hotel! This is a 2 star hotel masquerading as a 3-4 star hotel! Very outdated and numerous issues with rooms! The hotels best attribute is the elevators (Very Serious). Had water leaking from the bathroom ceiling like a faucet through the light! The room had a very small mini fridge which sat on the ground and was dented up! Also the furniture in the room was chipped molded and very old and overused! Once again it took numerous hours for us to relocated to a new room and only after stating I’m a Hilton Member did they move faster! Was told my compensation for the water line breaking in the ceiling of my room was the reassignment of me to new room CRAZY! Once again this is a 2 star masquerading as a 3-4 star hotel!!!

We parked at double tree and where to be picked at p3 at airport pick up, but there was no shuttle service for more than 35 mins.

Location Atmosphere Cleanliness Amenity and Customer Service Quality thank you.

This hotel is the worst customer service experience I have ever had I a while.  Check in was ok.  The restaurant and bar was the worst, the waitress spilled a drink on me, with total disregard.  The room was dark, dirty, slider was not clean, a used bar of soap from the previous guest was sitting on the empty shower gel dispenser in the shower.  Room was very dark and extremely dated.  If your reading this choose another place, it's not a good value at all.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The rooms were okay but could use updates. Breakfast was included, though the food wasn’t great. Parking was overcrowded. I had to circle several times to find a spot, and one night staff directed me to double park due to limited space. There was also a noticeable marijuana odor near the side entrances where people gathered to smoke.

Von den ganzen Motels am Newark Airport für mich das Beste. Tolle Zimmer, Nette Mitarbeiter, schöne Bar, Pool und ein super Frühstück - mit allem was man sich wünscht - nicht so ein 08/15 mit Muffins und nem dünnen Kaffee. Dazu noch Porzellangeschirr! Top!
Kostenloser Shuttle von/zum Flughafen.
Für die erste Nacht in den USA die erste Wahl!

Positive: Location Negative: Parking fee. Bc there was other option cheaper than this Hotel with parking fee.

Positive: Everything!! Was more than what i expexted. Negative: Nope

Kahtya and Merdina plus all the reception staff were very helpful and friendly

Great experience from start to finish. Lyle at the front desk was extremely helpful. We stayed one night and parked there while on our trip. The shuttles ran well and we got to and from the airport without any complications. Will definitely stay again when flying out of Newark.

I stayed at DoubleTree after missing a United Airlines connection due to a mechanical issue and checked in around 2 AM. I wasn’t informed that checkout was at 12 noon the same day.

In the morning, I stepped out briefly and returned to find some of my belongings removed. While the front desk helped recover my chargers, they said three unopened bags of chocolates I had (bought for my kids) were thrown away—which is very hard to understand.

I was directed to a lost-and-found website instead of being given a proper explanation, and no compensation was offered. This was very disappointing, especially since I would have taken everything with me had I known the checkout timing.

Appreciate getting my chargers back, but overall a frustrating experience.

Close to EWR; easy in & out-grear hotel van service with very helpful staff! All staff welcoming friendly & very happy to help! Beds great - just perfect place for an overnight OR 3!

I am beyond disappointed with my recent stay at this property. For a Hilton-branded hotel, the lack of maintenance and basic cleanliness is shocking. I would give it zero stars if I could.
• Damaged Flooring: The bathroom tiles were severely cracked, creating a sharp and unsafe surface (refer to image_3.png and image_4.png).
• Structural Disrepair: The bottom of the door frame was rotted and falling apart (refer to image_2.png).
• Poor Cleanliness: The storage areas and baseboards were covered in grime and debris (refer to image_5.png and image.png).
• General Neglect: The overall state of the room felt completely neglected and nowhere near the quality promised by the brand.
Avoid this hotel until they perform a serious renovation. There are much better and safer options near the airport.

Very disappointing stay. I do not recommend this hotel.
The biggest issue was the lack of sound insulation. Our neighbors were playing loud music until around 4 AM, and it felt like it was inside our room. We called the front desk multiple times, but no action was taken and no one came to address the situation. This is completely unacceptable.
The bathroom was very outdated and did not feel clean or well maintained.
The breakfast quality was also poor and far below expectations for a hotel of this level.
Overall, due to the noise, poor service, and outdated facilities, this was a very unpleasant experience.

There is zero soundproofing in this hotel. If you’re going to stay here I highly recommend requesting to have a room on the back side or else your balcony leads to the lobby and indoor pool which causes a ton of noise. Pool is supposed to close at 8 but clearly isn’t monitored. Also noise between rooms is awful as well. You can hear full conversations.

Staff was very friendly on the night shift. Not so much upon check out. The rooms were fine, but a little dated and odd that they had interior facing balconies overlooking the bar. Was a little noisy and could use some better sound proofing. Fridge in the room was unplugged and closed and had a wet spot on the floor.

Pool was cool and you could watch the planes coming and going, same from the gym.

This hotel is very old & it shows. Bathroom tiles cracked & they move when you walk in it. Tub porcelain is completely gone. Vanity is original painted over wood - cracked & chipped. Bed & pillow were ok but room looked very worn. Felt dirty.

Customer service was awful not even worth giving a full one star

This was one of the worst experiences I’ve ever had at a so-called 4-star hotel. The room we were given had a phone that didn’t work at all. I tried calling the front desk multiple times, but either no one answered or they would pick up, say “hello,” and then put me on hold indefinitely.

When I finally managed to speak to someone, the receptionist said they would send someone to fix the issue. Unsurprisingly, no one showed up even after 30 minutes. I eventually went down to the front desk myself, only to find the staff laughing and casually telling me they would “change the room tomorrow.” Really? That’s not an acceptable solution.

On top of that, the bathtub was partially clogged, and the water drained very slowly.

Overall, the service was unprofessional, and both the staff and management seemed careless. I would not recommend staying here.

Very good 👍

Great Hotel. Good courtesy shuttle service from Cape Liberty Newark Airport to Hotel.

Moldy bathrooms are a concern. It’s literally everywhere in the bathroom. There was awful service from the front desk to the restaurant. The chick taking room service orders is extremely rude and completely turned off the whole experience. The foods not quality or tasty. The only good thing is the location. Everything else is not worth it.

Jude and his team were EXCELLENT - Attentive, Informative & Responsive.

Receptionist was very courteous, nice, patient & explained everything very well!!! Zinahya was indeed a delightful & sweet young lady

Stayed here for a business event and couldn’t have asked for a better experience. Jude was outstanding, his support and attention to detail made the entire event run effortlessly.

Great experience during our 2 day business meeting. Service was excellent and Jude the banquet manager was attentive and timely with service.

I had a really pleasant stay at DoubleTree by Hilton Newark Airport. From the moment we arrived, we were warmly welcomed by the front desk staff, who were incredibly friendly and professional. We even received the famous warm welcome cookie, which was a lovely touch.

The room was very clean, and the beds were extremely comfortable — we slept really well. Despite the hotel being located near a train track and a highway, there was surprisingly no noise disturbance, which made the stay even more relaxing.

A big plus is that there is a Starbucks inside the hotel, which is very convenient. Another thing we really appreciated was the option to leave our luggage at the hotel while we went into Newark for a few hours before our flight. It made everything much easier and stress-free.

There is also a shuttle bus to the airport every 30 minutes, which is very practical and makes traveling to and from the airport easy.

Overall, a very comfortable and convenient stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel!

Jude the Banquet Manager was fantastic! We had a work conference and he was so accommodating and made sure we had everything we needed. The accommodations and food were wonderful. Highly recommend!!

Loved the hotel . Great amenities, fabulous staff, delicious food in the restaurant, and the Loved the cookies!!   Thank you for a wonderful experience.

Room was very clean and comfy. Restaurant is good and the warm cookies are AMAZING!!!

We did not stay at the hotel but used as Airport parking. Shuttle says it runs every 1/2 hour. Upon our arrival at 8:00 pm we waited at the designated pick up area P-3 at the airport  for over an hour. We called the hotel 2 times. They said we were at the right location and the shuttle runs ever 1/2 hour. We never saw a Double Tree Shuttle ride by. We ended up getting a Taxi back to the hotel to get out car.

14. ⭐⭐⭐⭐☆
Arlo SoHo 🌆🎶
Trendy hotel with a cool vibe 😎🎧
Rooms are small but smartly designed 🛏️👌
Loved the rooftop view 🌇🍸

Located minutes from Newark Airport
24-hour free shuttle every ~30 minutes

Cet hôtel est propre et au goût du jour . Leur système d’ascenseur est nouveau pour moi , il fonctionne très bien, même si l’hôtel a plusieurs chambres.

Rooms out dated, but were clean.  Cheap parking.   Shout out to Phyllis for overnight front desk who made a very long night much better with her exceptional service and detailed instructions.

I stayed at this hotel for one night because it was close to the airport and I needed to be in NJ briefly. Unfortunately, the experience was very disappointing.

The lobby is beautiful—clean, modern, and exactly what you see in the photos. That’s actually what led me to book the hotel. However, the rooms are a completely different story.

When we checked in, I specifically asked if there were more updated rooms, since I assumed the hotel might have renovated sections. The front desk staff member was very kind and helpful, but the first room we were given was in really poor condition—chipped paint everywhere, a bad smell in the bathroom, and visible mold in the vent. It felt neglected and far from clean.

We asked to switch rooms and were told the only options were the 10th floor or the 1st floor. Since the 10th floor looked just as worn down, we chose the 1st floor. The staff member did warn us it might be noisy due to the pool and said the pool closed at 8 PM, which seemed reasonable.

Unfortunately, the noise was not from the pool. There was constant yelling, screaming, and doors slamming throughout the night. It felt chaotic and made it very difficult to relax or sleep.

The second room was still in rough shape—more chipped paint, run-down finishes, and the towels were dry and rough. At times, the room even smelled like cigarette smoke, likely coming from a nearby room, which was really unpleasant.

I do want to note that every staff member we interacted with was extremely kind and professional. This is clearly not a reflection of them—they were doing their best. The issue is the condition of the property itself.

Overall, this hotel feels more like a rundown motel with a very nice lobby. I would not recommend staying here unless you are okay with outdated, poorly maintained rooms.

The chubby Hispanic lady on our first day when checking in around 2pm on April 9th wasn’t very pleasant and didn’t gave us the breakfast buffet tickets for our stay, did not gave us access to our parking in and out the hotel, did not let us pre-check in.

Found out about this the next day when I asked the black nice petite lady with dreads early morning at 6am. She was very nice and accommodating.

It is a 4 star hotel but didn’t feel like it.

This hotel needs to be updated. It is listed as a 4 star hotel but it is very old looking. We had a huge stain in the carpet that was crunchy. We stayed 3 days and wanted housekeeping on the second day and room wasn’t cleaned.

The service and the room were very good, but the behavior of the young waiter in the cafeteria—the one wearing a cross around his neck—was utterly appalling. He was obnoxious toward everyone in the cafeteria; we even laughed about it amongst ourselves. It is completely unacceptable to be so unpleasant and incompetent.

A wonderful place to stay with excellent service and great comfort.

Overall nice building and common spaces are modern but rooms are quite dated. Old TVs, old bathrooms, balcony overlooking pool was locked and screwed shut.  Beds were comfortable. Showers were terrible pressure.  No clock in the rooms.  Pool hours when we were there were 10am-8pm (why can't it open earlier when checkout is 11am!?).  No regard for 8pm closure. We put our kids to bed at 8pm and heard the pool LOUD until nearly 9:45pm.

Service was decent but had the feeling staff couldn't care much to please guests.
Elevators weren't working morning of departure with no signage at lobby.
Housekeeping isnt good - hair in sink upon arrival, lobby had beer bottles and trash from night before at 8am.

Good parts I can think of was the pool being clean and very warm, beds were comfortable, nice looking lobby.

Shuttle services not that great
Live tracking will show vans moving or stationary but won’t come to P3 for an hour or more
Calling hotel front desk to check for shuttle is a 20 minute hold
Just imagine your kids cranky for more than an hour waiting for a shuttle to pick up

I hope to never have to stay here again. The room I was given had a strong smell of ammonia in the bathroom. I was so disgusted

The room appeared clean, but there was something on the rug that appeared dead. It turned out to be a feather, but it still shows that the cleaning wasn't very diligent.

The staff members feel disconnected and unconcerned about your experience. The building looks new and should be great. Our room was connected to an adjoining room via a steel door. We could hear every conversation of the people staying in the next room, which also meant they could hear all of the conversations between me and my wife. There was no soundproofing at all. When we asked the front desk if they could move us to a different room so we could get some sleep, they seemed completely unconcerned and said that they were full and couldn’t help us. They didn’t even apologize or try to help us find a better solution. They had Security tell the next room that they need to be quiet because it’s after hours. The people in the adjoining room weren’t even being that loud. It was just a really bad room design. There was no hot water in the shower. I won’t be staying here again.

Lyle was fantastic he helped with everything the parking the app for it you couldn't ask for someone better.

I had an amazing experience staying at this Hilton hotel because of the friendliness and care of the staff. I initially chose this hotel because it is pet friendly and I wanted to stay near the Newark airport. I was bringing my rabbits home from abroad when their food was confiscated at the airport after landing. I asked if the kitchen could provide some lettuce for them because I didn’t have time to find a pet store that was open or a supermarket before my next flight. The restaurant manager, hostess and the chef went above and beyond in my time of need. I was so grateful for the to-go container of fresh romaine lettuce so my bunnies could eat before our next flight out. Please thank them for me! I will never forget their kindness.

I had such a great experience at DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Newark Airport, and I have to give a huge shoutout to two amazing front desk employees Edith and Evonne.
The ones whose names start with E are the best at DoubleTree! We had a bit of a mishap with a third-party booking, but they went above and beyond to help us sort everything out smoothly. They were incredibly kind, patient, and genuinely cared about making sure we were taken care of.
From the moment we checked in, their positive attitude made all the difference and of course, the warm cookies were a delicious bonus 🍪

Thank you, Edith and Evonne, for turning a stressful situation into such a pleasant stay. You truly made our experience the best! Highly recommend this hotel just because of the service alone.

Buen lugar, cerca del aeropuerto, muy lindo y muy cómodo.

A bit dated..

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The property itself is beautiful and well-maintained, with the added convenience of having a restaurant and bar right inside. It made everything so easy and enjoyable. I also appreciated the availability of vending machines for those late-night needs.

My room and the entire hotel were very clean, which is always a top priority for me. What really stood out, though, was the staff—they were incredibly friendly, helpful, and made me feel welcomed throughout my stay.

I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and look forward to staying here again on my next visit!

The staff overall came across as unprofessional, inattentive, and not customer-focused. At the restaurant, I waited over 20 minutes just to place an order and had to call a server myself—there was no acknowledgement of the delay or any basic courtesy. The service felt indifferent and, at times, outright rude.
Additionally, the exit process was poorly managed and extremely frustrating. Upon checkout, I specifically asked the front desk if I could exit directly by car as I was running late. I was told to simply open the gate. However, despite pressing the intercom multiple times (over 20 attempts), there was no response. I had no choice but to park, walk back to reception, and resolve the issue—wasting an additional 10–15 minutes during a critical time. Again, there was no apology or acknowledgement of the inconvenience caused.
Overall, the staff behavior reflected a lack of accountability and customer care. The impression I was left with is that guest experience is not a priority here.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Hôtel très pratique à proximité de l’aéroport de Newark. J’ai été très bien accueilli par Zinahya qui était très professionnelle

it’s amazing how dated and gross the hotels at ewr are. it’s like the chains just said why bother it’s newark.

Great place to stay

Excelente atención por parte de Jude y Maquise, nos han brindado mucha ayuda para la celebración de nuestro evento. Gracias siempre por su profesionalidad.

The service is good, location is great very close to the airport and they have a free shuttle to the airport, the hotel is a busy place, they have a nice pool and gym, the rooms are not the greatest with stained carpets, dated furniture and outlets that didn’t work and people are in and out all hours of the day talking loud the rooms are not that sound proof, if you’re wanting deep sleep it’s not happening. We went there just because our bankrupt Spirit airlines canceled our flight and 3 hrs before take off time and one of the places they offered was this hotel. It’s about 7 minutes from the airport due to lots of traffic and U-turns but distance is wise is much closer

Took 2.5hrs to have my room ready was telling me a different time every time I asked them. Bad Communication over all. Management and work had attitude with me.

Rooms great. Food over priced & low quality.

Terrible, appalling service. We are a group and had one mishap after another. Very disappointed. Is this really a Hilton? It’s the first time I’ve seen something like this. It’s a disgrace to such a renowned chain. / Service déplorable, épouvantable. Nous sommes un groupe et avons eu mésaventures par mésaventures. Très déçue. C’est vraiment un Hilton? Première fois que je vois ça. C’est une honte à cette chaîne de renom.

Lyle and Medina was very frindly and helpful thank you for kindly help

I usually leave my car at this hotel when I travel. I want to give a shoutout to the employees who help me when I couldn’t get my car out due to the snow/ice. Dave willingly helped me out and got me a shovel. Thank you.

Avoid this hotel! There are far better ones near by. Management is awful. Front desk Manager is rude, extremely confrontational, and is no position to be in a leadership role. He actually should be fired. Passive aggressive staff in the restaurant, fights between cooks and wait staff in full display to guests. I’ve stayed at various Double Trees throughout the country and have had excellent experiences, but this one should be embarrassed to be called a Double Tree. Leadership is important, and this hotels management gets an F! Changes are needed ASAP corporate.

Sadly had a horrible experience at this Hilton hotel. The parking was atrocious and almost no spots available - having to go in and out was a nightmare. Although the lobby is beautiful, the hotel rooms are very dated. Our shower was full of rust on the bottom and we had cold water all weekend. Saturday night we could not get the water to turn off in the shower. After going down to the front desk - because no one answered when we tried to call - they sent maintenance up shortly after. The maintenance  person was beyond rude. He yelled something at us when  he came in the room about the handle on the shower (just me, a mom and my 12 year old daughter) and when he fixed it, he stormed out and slammed the door. It was a very jarring and uncomfortable moment. Will not be returning.

I recently stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Newark Airport and experienced a very concerning issue with the water in my room.

Both the hot and cold water from the sink and shower had a strong, musty, mold-like odor. The smell was not faint — it was immediately noticeable from several feet away as soon as the water was turned on. It was overpowering enough that it made using the sink or shower uncomfortable.

To make sure it wasn’t just the drain, I performed a simple test by filling a cup with water and taking it into another room. The water itself still had a mild stagnant/musty smell when smelled up close, though not as overpowering as when running from the tap. This suggests a plumbing or maintenance issue rather than just a surface drain odor.

This was not a sulfur or “rotten egg” smell — it was more like the smell of water left sitting in a bottle for days. Regardless of the cause, this is not what guests expect from a Hilton-branded property.

I am not sure whether this is isolated to my room or a broader building issue, but it raises concerns about maintenance and sanitation standards. I would strongly encourage hotel management to investigate the plumbing system and ensure that guest rooms are being properly maintained.

This was one of the most disappointing hotel experiences I’ve had with a major brand. The front desk staff were consistently rude, dismissive, and completely unapproachable. At no point did anyone take ownership or attempt to resolve basic issues, and the overall attitude made it clear that guest concerns are not a priority at this property.

Management was no better. After reporting the problems, they offered no real solution and showed little interest in accountability or guest satisfaction. I escalated the matter to Hilton Corporate, and even after providing full documentation, the only response was a token amount of points — a completely inadequate response considering how poorly the situation was handled.

This property delivered substandard service at every level, and neither the on-site team nor corporate leadership seemed willing to take responsibility. Definitely not the level of professionalism or hospitality you should expect from a Hilton-branded hotel.

Overall a very pleasant stay. Good rooms, Good food at the lobby restaurant and a very lavish breakfast buffet

Overall it was a 3 for me. Dont expect a warm fuzzy welcome when you go to the desk. No smiles, giving the impression they are there for a check (also no cookie offered which I thought was a double tree thing). Now cosmetically it can be such a nice hotel, but you could tell the upkeep was lagging soon as you settle in a bit. Elevators not swept, cookie crumbs on the hallway which went untouched for days, wear and tear on the furniture.  Also for a heated pool it felt pretty cold. Now on the plus side, the hotel smelled nice, the bartenders were very cool people, and the pizza was actually pretty good for a hotel restaurant. In the end, its a 3 for me, I hope these little issue can be shown attention.

Lady was so rude at the front desk. Then when we got to our room me and my 6ft husband opened the door to 2 twin beds. I specifically asked for 1 queen or king bed as we had been travelling for 2 days already and was exhausted. When we entered the room immediately heard kids screaming and baby crying all night. Us as a couple are very disappointed. The washroom was so dirty there was dried pee on the ground. Then went for breakfast in the morning. 24 something a person and not a very good variety for vegitarians and the bill came to $51 something paid $60 with no change. Also no soap in washroom only shower gel and hand soap.

Waiting area couches are so discusting
Breakfast is too expensive according to what they have in Breakfast
Beter to order breakfast from outside

It’s a solid hotel close to the airport… I have stayed here many times after missed connections on United. The rooms are a bit dated, (older TVs) but they have been clean. I like the inside balconies, cool/interesting feature you don’t see many places. The staff has always been kind and helpful  in my experience. Lyle at the front desk did a great job  tonight!  Breakfast is nice too—not included with your stay unless you get the Diamond food credit, but the food is good. And finally, free warm  cookies are always an added plus, the Doubletree touch!

Staff was nice and polite.

Room smelled bad and the only window faces the interior scaffolding that decorated the downstairs.

Electronics are dated with an older style tv and thermostat.

The bathroom is dated with a mismatch of freshly grouted tile and tile that needs to be regrouted. There is a hole in my ceiling that still has the drywall mud visible with no attempt at sanding or painting it.

Didn't find any bedbugs when I looked. But I definitely looked.

The most comfortable hotel bed I’ve slept in, in so long! The traditional classic hotel room but it was clean, modest, and spacious.

Positive: Burger and fries Negative: Where to begin overall hotel should be called a motel at best dirty rooms everything that was metal was rusty shower rods toilet paper holders even the fire sprinklers where filled with rust

They were awesome ! Thank you for the hospitality

Positive: Nothing Negative: The staff at the front desk was very rude and service. I requested for couple more clean towels it was never delivered

What an absolute Nightmare. You will not be able to sleep at this hotel if you have an inner room. You can hear loud voices All day long until after midnight echoing through out the corridor. To add to the horror of this place, we have multiple people in the lobby screaming because we’re all blocked in and cannot leave. It’s been over an hour and 20 minutes. Hilton cannot help anybody we had to call a Damn tow truck.!!!!!

Very disappointing. I am handicapped and I booked a room with a king size bed and with a roll in shower a month ago. Called the hotel early to let them know I would not be checking in until about 10pm, they said no problem. I went to check in when I arrived and I made sure it was the room I booked, they said it was. I noticed there were no luggage carts, I asked if they had any, I was told they were all being used.  Once again, i explained I am handicapped and my husband could not carry all our luggage up to the 12th floor alone. The lovely girl who originally helped me told me she would get me one, and she did. My husband loaded up all the luggage and we went up to the room they gave us, 1222. When we got in the room it was 2 double beds. The room was awful. Not the beautiful room i booked, and certainly not the one in the pictures.There was not even a microwave. It was dirty, the carpet was disgusting. This room was bare bones. I called downstairs and was put on hold for almost 10 minutes. I had to call from my husbands cell phone and thats when they picked up and helped me. I explained that the room I got was not the one I booked or on my reservation, which I was looking at. The gentleman told me that he was sorry but the room I requested was not available, and then he gave me the excuse that they did not clean all the king handicapped rooms and then said they overbooked them. They were sold out of the room I reserved and I had been upgraded to this room. I said upgraded, I booked a king room and this was a dirty room with double beds. Upgraded from what, I was furious. I got excuse after excuse. He said he did not like my tone and put me over to the manager, who gave me the same excuses. I said what's the point of reserving a room if you get whatever room they want to give you. This was supposed to be a nice valentines weekend with my husband and the beds are so small, we have to sleep in separate beds. We are so upset. If we were not so tired I would have went to another hotel.We will never, ever stay here again, and I am going to file a complaint with the corporate office. Being a handicapped person I make sure everything is planned before I go anywhere and this was horrible. Very disappointing to say the least.

Awesome lobby, spacious, big screen available!

I attended a private party. The hotel staff were courtesy and professional.

Fantastic

The front desk staff are not friendly at all. This girl was laughing and talking with her coworker and the second I approached her, her demeanor and voice completely changed. She was extremely rude. I will never park here again because they don’t pick up the phone and will leave you on hold forever. Extremely unprofessional staff.

dfgdfg

Positive: Proximity to the airport Negative: The hotel is incredibly outdated and run down for the price paid. Also the instructions on getting the shuttle from the airport were incorrect and when I called the staff for clarification they were not very accommodating.

I had a steak at the bar. They say was a prime rib. So sorry that was no prime rib. The bartender was very nice. The check in and check out ppl was great A +++

This place helps ice agents kidnap citizens and legal immigrants across the USA and because of that your being #Boycotted Don’t forget to cancel all of your memberships!!!!!

Stayed here night before trip to Jamaica, left my vehicle there for a week and no problems. Shuttles are nice to the airport but coming back to the hotel from airport you need to ask specific instructions on how to find the shuttle then you are all set.

I used the parking here. When I arrived the staff was very helpful and went above and beyond to help us get our car checked in. Unfortunately when I called before my return flight to see what conditions were after a storm they were less than helpful and even hung up on me!! Very frustrating. I will park somewhere else next time if there is any chance of weather.

Hilton hotels accepts money from Ice agents while firing employees for helping citizens #Boycott Hilton

Let me start with the positive. The staff were helpful and the room was spacious. However, the bathroom left a lot to be desired. The tub looked like it was not clean and there was rust in there. Also it looked like they removed the towel knob behind the door but did not bother to repaint it brown. Lastly, there were stains on the carpet.
I know I used points to get the standard room but if this is how I am treated because I used points that I get the bare bottom of rooms then I don’t know why I’m a member at all.
If I had a choice to stay here again it is sad to say but I would not choose this hotel again.

don't book them, unexpected payment and  they didn't any respond after 2 months. very strange and not serious for their clients.

This was my first time staying at a 4-star hotel, and the experience at DoubleTree was beyond my expectations. I am from India and stayed here briefly before joining my vessel. I cannot find enough words to express how grateful I am for the hospitality. The staff members were incredibly humble, kind, and professional. This was a once-in-a-lifetime experience for me, and I want to thank the entire team for making me feel so welcome.

The hotel's location is very inconvenient if you're planning to visit New York. The room was dirty, and the reception staff didn't respond to it at all.
The reservation could not be found for a long time, and 15 days have already passed since check-out, and the deposit of $300 is still not returned.
I spoke with the hotel twice, and they kept telling me new dates for returning the deposit.

Had a great layover at the Doubletree Hotel in Newark as we were flying out to Hong Kong the next morning.  Was able to have a large pizza for dinner and take advantage of the exercise room before hoping the courtesy shuttle back to the Newark Intl Airport.  Had a great skyline view of NYC from our room.  Thanks for the great view.

Es cerca de el aeropuerto, a un costado pasa un bus que te lleva al centro hay buffet en el desayuno todo muy fresco y el café delicioso el gym muy limpio y la alberca.
El baño de la habitación muy limpio también
Los colchones y almohadas muy cómodas

Po příjezdu na hotel nám bylo sděleno, že naše zaplacená rezervace přes booking.com  byla zrušena z důvodu pozdějšího příjezdu na hotel. Na hotel jsme měli dorazit 28. prosince 2025 a strávit tu 4 noci (do 1. ledna 2026). Bohužel kvůli zrušenému letu společnosti United Airlines jsme na hotel dorazili 29. prosince 2025. O tom co se nám stalo a že přijedeme na hotel o den později, jsme hotel informovali přes booking.com. Bohužel ani to nestačilo a hotel nám rezervaci zrušil a peníze nevrátil!!! Byli jsme donuceni vytvořit novou rezervaci, která samozřejmě zahrnovala už jen 3 noci, ale za to byla ještě dražší než původní rezervace! Od odjezdu z hotelu s námi hotel nekomunikuje a neodpovídá na zprávy a urgenci ani booking.com. Peníze nám do teď nikdo nevrátil... Hrozné jednání, nedoporučuji!

Had a terrible stay here a few days ago. Right after getting into my room I realized there was no hot water, but had to call to find out there was no hot water in the whole building and was not notified at check-in. This lasted the entire stay, I had to attend two meetings without showering.

I left my toiletries bag in the room that had many expensive items in it and medication, and I haven't been able to get anyone on the phone after several days of trying.

Great location and room, terrible service and experience.

I didn't stay but liked the lobby bar/cafe/lounge, drive thru gate is usually closed due to the full parking lot , So if you're waiting for your ride, you better walk to the gate !

I have been trying to contact the front desk 5 times. I stayed in this hotel from October 21 to October 23, so two months ago, I lost my jean that is sentimentally precious to me. No answer at the moment, no matter how much I send emails, call them, nothing does. Other girls who stayed at the same time as me also told me that they had been victims of theft in their room. Where is my pant?!?? Are you finally going to answer me here?

You reply to my comment, but still don't do nothing, It's hopeless.

The room was clean and modern.

The scoring dropped due to its 31 degrees outside and NO HOT WATER!!!!!
Shortly after I checked in I went to freshen up and NO hot water.  I called the front desk to notify them of this issue. The response was cold and nonchalant replying to me that no one in the hotel has hot water as if telling me was going to make me feel better about the fact that I can't wash the day off me. Or more importantly I am staying here for business and I have to be ready tomorrow to present and now I have to figure something out.  I  don't know why would the hotel not notify you at check in of the issue because surely they were very aware.  These actions are concerning and raises red flags like they only care about taking your money, and not about offering you the comfort and convenience promised when staying with Double Tree.

I had such a restful stay here. The bed was extremely comfortable, and the room was spotless. I really appreciated the friendly service at the front desk. It’s a great hotel with high standards. Highly recommend

This is a Doubletree that has seen better days. Just starting at the entrance, the main door is out of service and you need to use the side doors. When we got off the elevator on the 8th floor we were greeted  by a large brown stain on the carpet. Disgusting! Our room wasn’t much better.  The paint was chipped and there was old chewing gum on the bathroom floor. The mini fridge in the room was making loud grinding noises at nights so we just unplugged it (and plugged it back in before we left). Th only redeeming quality of the hotel are the employees. They were very friendly.

This is probably one of the worst hotels to stay at in the area. The rooms are dirty, old and dingy. Stains on carpet in the hallways. Front sliding door broken, I suppose they decided not to fix it? Not easy to get to from the airport. Pick somewhere else if you’re used to comfortable clean rooms.

If this is a 4 star hotel then I am the pope.
The Starbucks sign they have everywhere leading you to believe they actually have a Starbucks inside, is an absolute lie. They have non Starbucks brewed coffe at the bar and that's it.
There is no such thing as room service here either. I have never been to a 4 star hotel that didn't have room service.

The lobby looked decent and the bar was decent.
Rooms are very old and outdated with very low shower heads, at about 5 foot 5 inches high. If you are taller than that you will need to crouch to shower your head and face.

Maybe this is just hiw all 4 star hotels in New Jersey are, but very different from a cross the river in NYC.

My husband and I had a great stay at this Doubletree. This spot is it's own little ecosystem. There is an indoor pool for the kids, a lovely bar and the food is great. Plus it has a shuttle. I needed to extend our stay and Lyle made it possible and cost efficient. We have stayed places before where the staff was just getting through the day but that is NOT this team. They genuinely want you to have a great time. We will stay here everytime we are flying in and out of Newark. @Doubletree You have a star on your team with Lyle!

We got the best service from Lyle. He was super professional and very nice. He helped us with any issues and helped to put us in the best room. Very friendly with nice smile. He should be top executive position in his industry. We would come back and visit because of his excellent customer service. Thank you Lyle.

Really nice place and great staff

Zinayah checked us in at reception and was amazing. She really looked after us and made sure we was sorted and satisfied before giving us our room keys. Amazing service

Very convenient location close to Newark airport. 24H airport shuttle. Beautiful pool and restaurant inside the hotel

We just stayed there last week from dec 29 to jan 2 . Front desk is rude  seems like  we were bothering them when we talk to them. On the second night found out  our bathroom was flooded  coz its leaking from the upper floorvery inconvienent that we need to move from 4th to 8th. over charge us for parking! we paid 50 dollars already at express check out and they still charge us 135 in total amd they wont refund us for 50 fucking dollars the front desk black woman with braided hair is freaking rude! the shuttle drivers seems like everytime they pick up and drop  off tenants are bother tothem they are fuckin rude! Room stains! Mold bathrooms ewwww! no microwave in the room freakin idiot hotel imagine this hotel is  by Hilton! Overcharge for parking theres no  security that can make sure ur  vehicle is ok so whats the parking fee for you paid for the room in their hotel and the parking is not free! stupid right???? Freaking assholes! This hotel is disgusting itnlooks good in the picture but mind you theres a lotnof disgustingnthings in the room dont book this hotel. Staff are not sympathetic is assholes! I wish they receive the same treatment wherever they go!!!!

I was going to avoid writing a review but seeing that I am being refused a refund for the nights I did not stay it’s my duty to share my experience.
This hotel is so nasty and dirty. Don’t let the photos fool you. Sure, they put in a lot of work in the hotel lobby but that’s it! The rooms, hallway, elevators are all run down. Stain galore. I was going to tough it out UNTIL I went to the bathroom during the late night and found a nasty bug crawling up and down the walls! The supervisor Medina was surprised to hear this and said she would speak with the cleaning crew about this issue. I was suppose to stay from December 30-January 2 but I only stayed one night and willingly paid for a new hotel because I’ll be darn if I stay in a motel!!! Nasty hotel!

Rooms are dated, but clean and comfortable. Friendly, prompt service and great for staying close to the Newark Airport

Quite a few of the staff were extremely rude first day we came in. Halfway through our stay water started leaking from the ceiling of the bathroom and the ceiling was starting to peel apart. After reporting that, we were moved to another room. We called after the stay to request a refund due to our horrible stay. We were denied because "they solved our problem and we finished our stay". First of all, we weren't offered anything other than moving to a new room and we definitely weren't about to just leave after a 13 hour drive. Doubletree you all were not the ones who were forced to repack all of your stuff and move it three stories up after a long walk in NYC. We came back to relax and found ourselves scrambling to keep our things dry. Then they pull a full $135 out of incidentals for parking which we notified them we already paid $50.05 of it was paid when a new ticket was created. Their response was, "We told you not to create a new ticket and use your room key while staying on the first day you came here, so now don't get your hopes up of getting your money back". Excuse me Karen did you not forget I had to have a new room key created when the ROOM FLOODED? You didn't warn me about that one on the first day! You can bet I will be calling Hilton Headquarters and reporting to the BBB immediately. Trusted Hilton because I'm a service member and I have lost my trust. NEVER STAYING AT HILTON AGAIN.

P.S. I will also be adding in the black mold found on the to go trays you set out for your residents on top of the microwave. CLEAN UP YOUR HOTEL.

The room was fine but the breakfast there was one of the worst I've ever had

Do yourself a favour and avoid staying here. Room service sucks, they don’t refill coffee, tea or water or even change glasses. Do not empty dustbins or check on towels and toilet paper. No one picks up the phone call for room service unless you call 5 times nonstop. Also there is zero security at the hotel. Rooms are okay and airport shuttle is the only good part.

TERRIBLE customer service, no one picks up the call for room service. After calling like 10-15 times they pickup and we request them to send toilet papers, coffees, and towels which were missing when we came in the room and guess what, they still didn’t send them. I would have given MINUS stars if there was an option
Another thing is Hotel is NOT safe so be careful, there’s no security at all and beggars / druggist people enter and follow you - specially girls be careful please. We had a situation and luckily we entered and locked our room before that person could come near to us, very scary and shady.

10/15/25 Breakfast Buffet is 25.00 per person. I can't eat 25.00 worth of food in the morning. Ended up with a coffee/pastry for 10.00. Bottom sheet had an old washed blood stain on it down by foot of bed, I changed sides. Yuk!  No tissues. Several other hotels in area, get one with a Continental Breakfast, and clean sheets.

I recently used the shuttle service from this hotel and experienced unacceptable racial discrimination from the driver.(6am, 31/12/2025) While the driver helped every other passenger with their luggage, he intentionally ignored my belongings and refused to assist me. Additionally, when seating passengers, he allowed an American passenger to sit in the front where there was more space, while directing me and my companions to the back without a valid reason. He asked American? to everyone. I believe I paid for living in the hotel!

Such discriminatory behavior is not only unprofessional but also deeply offensive. No guest should be treated differently based on their race or ethnicity.

I don't suggest anyone who is not an American choose this hotel! XD Everything sucks!

Love the elevator setup

Beware Beware Beware..Don't park your car here.This is the worst parking lot.They stole the car wheels for couple of cars and Double Tree by Hilton is not responsible and very poor management!!!,
Dear GM,if you would have considered seriously when it was reported such stolen incidents none of the other incidents should  have happened,I hope this time you will consider seriously and take action.My bad luck somehow I missed the previous reviews.

Shuttle service is not at all good
Don’t depend on it

Clean room. Shower head is at about a 5 foot height. Old TVs. $20 overnight parking. 40 minutes wait at restaurant after ordering.

We parked our car at the DoubleTree by Hilton Newark International Airport. When we returned, all four tires had been stolen and two windows were broken. We were shocked to learn that there are no surveillance cameras covering the outside parking area.

Hotel management offered no assistance or accountability. Even the police told us that this type of crime happens frequently at this location.

This lack of security puts guests’ vehicles at serious risk. Any Honda, Acura, or Toyota is especially unsafe to park here. We expect this issue to be addressed and taken seriously.

I was not given a receipt upon checkout and I was not emailed a receipt either. I have been trying to contact the front desk for three days and every time they answer, they immediately put me on hold and leave me on hold for hours or hang up on me. I keep calling back and they just keep putting me on hold immediately. I don’t know who else I can call, I just need my receipt! It shouldn’t be this difficult!

Convenient location for what we needed. Front desk staff was polite. The room however … disgusting . Spent over $200 including parking for what. The parking alone is $27… it’s a basic parking lot with no active security etc.. and the hotel clearly states they are not responsible for anything that may happen. So what’s the point? Stains on the carpet, walls,  and curtains . Mold/mildew in the shower. TOE NAIL CLIPPINGS ON THE CARPET! Couldn’t control/change the temperature in the room. The balcony we have… the railing for the balcony wiggles so much and is covered in dust at the base. I would never have booked a room here had I known. I’d rather have spent half the price for the same quality. My husband ordered a drink at the bar  just now, the bartender didn’t even make the correct drink. $10 later. Never again.

MY CAR WHEELS WERE STOLEN FROM THEIR PARKING LOT!!! They offer parking and shuttle service to the airport. When we returned, all 4 wheels were stolen from my vehicle And it was left sitting on a couple pieces of wood. The hotel acted surprised but the police said they go there frequently for this same issue and the hotel is aware of it, but does nothing about it! The parking lot is fenced in and to get in you need to take a ticket and validate it. There were no cameras where our car was parked. The wheels had wheel locks. So the thieves knew what they were coming for and came prepared. Draw your own conclusions. NEEDLESS TO SAY, I WILL NEVER BE PARKING THERE EVER, EVER AGAIN. AND YOU CAN DO SO AT YOUR OWN RISK!

I’ve stayed at this hotel three or four times, and while it’s been convenient in the past, ongoing cleanliness and maintenance issues have made this stay unacceptable.

The bathroom was not properly cleaned. There was visible hair throughout the bathtub, and the tile was missing and replaced with duct tape. More concerning, the peephole cover on the door was broken, and I had to tape over it myself to feel safe.

These problems have occurred on more than one visit, which suggests a recurring issue rather than a one-time oversight. After this stay, I won’t be booking this hotel again.

I stayed in this hotel for a nite with a friend....I never in my life was stopped and harassed when entering and leaving  a hotel ever in my life the security in the building are very hostel ghetto and rude....I left out for a smoke break upon leaving at the door there was 2 guards at the entrance I came back in from my smoke break and used my key to get in there was only one guard upon coming back in the building  I was bombarded and harassed in a very hostile matter to show my credibility for the building i denied and told him dont touch me because of how hostile he was and aggressive he went to go get a weapon to attack me after me telling him i dont have to show you anything......black people beware upon staying here and coming in and out

Incredibly rude staff. I had an issue with a cancellation and they just passed me around and accused me instead of assisting me. Unhelpful and I won’t be booking with double tree ever again.

Rooms are outdated but the team is really nice and professional

Wow !!! The best of The best

Es el peor hotel que he estado, las camas son minis sabían que éramos 5 personas y las camas son cómo individuales, las ventanas se ven negras y muy turbias les dijimos que limpiaran el cuarto y no lo hicieron y nisiquiera hay desayuno y siempre hay desayuno en los hoteles APARTE DE QUE COBRAN EL ESTACIONAMIENTO

Super hôtel qualité prix, cependant le parking a 25$ la nuit est un peu exagérée selon moi. Sinon très bien. !

Location worked. Ez Ubers to NPenn or shuttle back to EWR. I was arriving from OGG and had requested early checkin through the app, i was also offered a paid $50 upgrade early check in if available ?
No response. When I arrived at 145 the agent clicked away, told me no rooms are ready and it’s a 4pm checkin. Handing me back my passport. Yikes.
I headed to the bar for some great soup and fries. Server there was friendly and pro.
I went back at 345 to check in. 2nd agent that helped me was excellent. Warm cookie and a smile.
The room I had on 4th floor is pre century, Retro and done. 10-15 yrs old. Worn out. (Don’t open the bathroom cupboards)wtf ? Either Fix the room to today’s standards or change the branding of the property.
The tv remote didn’t work, the nearby room stewards were friendly but this tech issue was out of their lane ?  Call someone they said ? I reported it to the front desk in person and I had a functioning remote when I returned. I had a clean comfortable stay in what I would compare to an old HoJo or Tropicana Las Vegas. Potential or blow it up.

Booked a stay n fly in August. Unfortunately my wife was admitted to the hospital 12/4-12/6. Upon her discharge, we drove 3.5 hrs to the hotel, not arriving until around midnight, hoping to get a few hours of sleep before our plane departure at 6am. Upon check in, they told us they gave our room to someone else because they didnt think we were coming. After spending 1.5 hours in the lobby, we decided to just sleep in the car. Multiple other groups had their room given away prior to their arrival. Groups with blankets and pillows all over the lobby sleeping. Horrible experience and worst way to start our vacation. Will never stay at a hilton hotel after this experience. Needless to say, do not book here. If someone else gets there before you and needs a room, your room is now gone.

The worst doubletree Hilton experience I’ve had being a honors gold member.  The front desk was unfriendly and unresponsive.
Calling service from my room to the main operator took over 10 mins. The rooms were old and broken.

@antonio The view was of the parking lot.  And I had no dietary restrictions. I didn’t call the front desk for food. I had called them to come clean the room which had not been cleaned.  I never ate there.

AirPods were stolen from BOTH my partner and me. A " Do Not Disturb sign was on the door, and the crew member still entered our room, stole our property, and we have yet to receive compensation or even a follow-up email or phone call. The cleaning crew still attempted to enter the room AGAIN despite being told our room would be taken off the cleaning list. We were inside and had the top latch locked, so they were not able to enter.  The hotel shuttle RARELY ran on time despite the site saying every 15-30 minutes. On our first day, we waited nearly TWO HOURS for the shuttle to arrive at the airport. There were times when other hotel companies felt sorry for us and gave us rides to and from the airport, since it was December and the temperatures were freezing. The place was clean, and the front desk was nice, but overall, I would not recommend staying here and will NOT be booking here ever again.

My three-night stay at this hotel was a profound disappointment and an incredibly frustrating experience, especially for an establishment advertised as 4-star under the Hilton DoubleTree banner. The hotel appears to be relying on its name while neglecting basic maintenance and service.

1.  Deceptive and Extremely Dated Room
The promotional pictures are misleading. The room I was assigned was extremely old and run-down:

The bedding was yellowish, a clear sign of poor cleanliness and neglect.

The television was an archaic model using RCA cables (the 3-color cables), and the staff absolutely refused to allow me to plug in my HDMI cable (a first in modern hospitality!).

The bathroom's condition was shocking: a warped door, peeling paint, and overall decay.

The beds were ridiculously small, the size of a teenager's bed, and not suitable for adult comfort.

2.  Non-Existent Housekeeping Service
This was the most unacceptable point: housekeeping was never performed during our three nights.

I requested service at the front desk, and I was assured it would be done the next day, but we returned late to find full trash bins, missing towels, and the floor uncleaned.

I had to go down to the reception to ask for soap and shampoo, as the bottles had been virtually empty since my arrival. This is not a 4-star service; it's self-service.

3. Noise and Unpleasant Atmosphere
The soundproofing is catastrophic. I could distinctly hear conversations and noises from neighboring rooms, as if they were right next to us. Resting was impossible.

The general atmosphere was unpleasant: dirty food on the floor in the elevators, unsupervised children in the gym, and screaming in the hallways that lasted until midnight. The parking lot was also completely overcrowded.

4. Clumsy and Invalidating Service Recovery
Upon check-out, I raised all these issues. The only gesture offered was to waive a single night's parking fee, which felt like a standard procedure to quickly dismiss complaints.

When I asked if that was all they had to offer, the agent responded by asking if I was a Hilton member, and what my tier was. This response implied that the validity of my concerns was contingent upon my status and spending with Hilton, which is unacceptable and highly insulting.

The only positive aspect was the airport shuttle, which was on time, although capacity was often limited for the number of guests. Front desk staff were polite in their tone, but the service failures (housekeeping) prove that their kind words do not translate into action.

Conclusion: This hotel is an insult to the DoubleTree brand. It is dilapidated, the service is defective, and the value for money is zero. I would not even give it 2 stars. Absolutely avoid.

Average hotel. Balcony with glass door overlooking the lobby let in noise. A touch of mold underneath the air duct on the ceiling and rooms generally in need of a bit of love, but the bed was comfy and the blackout curtains worked well. Good shuttle service.

The room was run down and dirty. The wheelchair accessible shower had a drain that did not drain properly so the entire floor that’s soaking wet so I had to use all my towels to clean that up so I wouldn’t slip and get hurt. I notified the front desk of that nothing was done because when I took a shower the next day, the same thing happen. Towel bar broken hanging off the wall. Couldn’t find the remote so I looked behind the dresser for it and the amount of garbage behind the dresser was disgusting.  It was so nasty in the room that I intentionally left my slippers there because I did r want to pack them in my suitcase and carry any filth home with me.
The only good thing about the room where the pillows were comfortable.
The people in the adjoining room were allowed and talked the entire night because I got in there at 2 o’clock in the morning and they were up laughing and talking until at least five in the morning and the next day I got up at 3 o’clock in the morning and they were still up loud and talking.
Security for the hotel did not stop people from making noise in the hallways. They were loud and obnoxious in the front desk. Staff was probably the rudest I have ever dealt with. I have never seen where there’s three people assigned to the front desk and two of them would either walk off to take their brakes or whatever and leave one person there to deal with at least that doesn’t check-in and questions extremely unprofessional, and not what I would expect from one of Hilton’s higher end hotels. They offer a shuttle from the airport and when you call and ask them if it’s ADA accessible they tell you it is just call them and let them know so that they can arrange to pick you up well that was a lie because I did call and was told just call when you get there. No big deal. It is a big deal. That’s something that had to be arranged days in advance to have the specific shuttle so on one of the coldest nights, we were stranded at the airport for over an hour and a half waiting for the wheelchair accessible vehicle, which I did call the day before and informed them in addition to call him the week before and I informed them that I was coming with a child in a wheelchair who could not walk at all when I tell you I would never stay here again. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone it was the worst Hilton I have ever stayed at in my entire. And I stay at Hilton’s exclusively and I travel  monthly if not more.

Location to Airport is great. Needed a ride share everywhere else.
Building has areas that seem to have been recently remodel, but the rooms were a little outdated. Our TV had a pixel problem, and the bathroom was in need of a remodel. Baseboards were nasty. Lobby was always busy. Lots of people in and out. The shuttle is awesome. It runs like constantly.

12/6/25 NO ONE at the reception desk for over 15 minutes while a line was forming/waiting until one person came and start telling us that they OVERBOOKED the hotel even tho I paid in full over 2 weeks ago. The only good thing they did was transfer us to another hotel which was 20 minutes away.

k

Came back to our room from a long day of outings and the room had never been clean The front desk said there was no manager to assist us and The manager wouldn't be in until way after check-out time for us to make a  complaint

The worst check in experience ever, the hotel is very old and depreciated.

Don't know when I visited that hotel. I've been working lol

Excelente hospedaje muy cerca al aeropuerto de Newark ✈️ con instalaciones nuevas y llenas de mucha comodidad 😉 lo único malo es que la persona que trabaja en el front desk es déspota y no tiene el trato adecuado con los huéspedes 😡

Horrible shuttle service to get to the hotel from Newark airport. After a half an hour ride on the air train to P3 where the shuttle picks you up, we then waited 45 minutes for the van to show up.  I first called at 7:43 after waiting 15 minutes and was told the van was at terminal B and would be there in minutes. My next call was at 7:58 when I was told the van was one minute away.  At that point there were so many people one van could not take them all. I waited outside in the freezing cold until 8:17 when the van picked us up. They left several people who had been waiting as long as we had. I spoke to the manager, Lyle, who clearly didn’t care and was dismissive of my complaints.
I called numerous times while waiting and they simply did not answer the phone. I guess they recognized my phone number at that point. I would never use this hotel for a room and I will never use it again for parking.

Although it has "airport" on its name, it is not exactly attached to the Airport. You need to drive to it, or take a shuttle.  On the good side, you can barely hear the noise of planes from inside.  One warning:  parking is $27 per day unless you are a Hilton member!

Garbage

Terrible hotel and bad service very expensive for nothing

Exceptional service from multiple staff, close to airport with a shuttle that helps. But, the rooms are desperately in need of fixing and updates. We had to change rooms due to maintenance issues (the maintenance guy was amazing!)

Dobar hotel. Velike sobe

Je suis vraiment très déçue par le personnel à la réception. La personne qui a fait mon checkin a été très désagréable et manque de professionnalisme. Elle a fait mon enregistrement de manière très expéditive, sans vraiment m’expliquer pourquoi il y avait une telle différence de somme entre la somme de ma réservation et la somme que je devais payer sur place. J’ai dû lui poser la question deux fois pour qu’elle puisse m’expliquer. Et même en m’expliquant, elle avait l’air très agacée. Ensuite, je lui ai dit que j’ai le statut Gold Du programme de fidélité Hilton. Et est-ce que celui-ci me permet d’avoir le petit déjeuner gratuit comme dans certains cas ? Cette dame me répond que je n’ai pas droit au petit déjeuner gratuit, car j’ai fait ma réservation via Booking et non via l’application Hilton Honors. Je la remercie malgré tout car moi au moins je suis bien élevée.  Une fois rentrée dans ma chambre, j’ouvre l’application Hilton Honors et je vois que ma réservation a été mise sur mon compte. Donc dans ce cas là, rien à voir avec le fait que j’ai pris l’hôtel sur Booking.com. Je vois également qu’il y a une mention sur le petit déjeuner. Donc je redescends à la réception cette fois, je préfère parler à une autre personne. Et je lui demande si elle peut m’expliquer ce que veut dire la mention. Ce qu’elle fait de manière très agréable et professionnelle, pas comme l’autre. Je précise également qu’il y avait une autre cliente avant moi qui a eu droit à des cookies et des bouteilles d’eau. Donc une fois qu’elle finit son explication, je lui dis, est-ce que c’est possible d’avoir la même chose car sa collègue ne m’a rien donné et j’aimerais bien avoir de l’eau. Ce qu’elle me donne avec beaucoup de gentillesse et de bienveillance. Elle me demande même combien je veux de cookies. Je trouve ça vraiment déplorable de payer pour avoir un service client aussi médiocre. Il y a du personnel qui n’a rien à faire à la réception et qui devrait plutôt rester chez lui, ou alors se reconvertir dans autre chose. Je n’ai pas pour habitude de laisser des commentaires négatifs. Mais la première réceptionniste était d’une impolitesse, que je suis obligé de le faire remonter.

Good location with good service, will visit again for future trip arrangements.

I  just want to give a big thank you to Edith and shakira when things started a lil rocky because of the over whelming sudden walk in of airport guest i was tired from a 15 hr drive and was slightly aggravated and ready to check in Edith took me by the hand and had my back changed the entire experience around for me and went over and beyond to make sure the stay was a pleasant as can be and also shakira every time she saw us she made sure we was ok and we didn’t need anything these 2 are what we look for as diamond guest and owners thanks you 2…..

Front desk extremely rude. Refused to check is in for our reservation when united airlines sent us over and would not help us at all

In addition I would suggest more television channels for entertainment, ex. Comedy, family and faith, etc. Hulu, or Netflix. I have to make sure to get to the Starbucks grab and go as well next time. Love this place.

Terrible experience!!! We ate the hotel breakfast and got diarrhea and a fever afterward. When we told the staff, everyone just pushed the responsibility away and offered no help. Very disappointing and unacceptable!!! Don’t come!!!!

On the morning of November 24th at 7 AM, I developed severe diarrhea after drinking the milk provided at your hotel’s breakfast.

I immediately went to the front desk and spoke to a supervisor, but they refused both my requests: a full refund of my accommodation fee and safe transportation back to my school in New York. I’m extremely dissatisfied with this unresponsive handling.

Currently, I’m stuck in my room feeling very unwell, desperate to return to New York, and deeply disappointed and helpless.

DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Newark Airport is super convenient for travelers — it’s just a short shuttle ride from the terminal. Rooms are generally clean and functional, with perks like a 24-hour gym and indoor pool. But some guests say the décor feels dated and maintenance is hit or miss. The on-site restaurant is handy but pricey, and parking adds up. Service is warm, but value can be hit or miss.

Where do I begin?
My room had a host of issues.  It was a double occupancy and I opted for the bed that had sheets that appeared cleaner than the other bed (see pictures.) The room smelled funny and I surmised that it was because the mini fridge was ajar. It was ajar because the magnetic stripping was loose, and it couldn't/wouldn't close properly.  It was totally encrusted with ice because of this.  I had to wedge the garbage can against the door to keep it closed. The kleenex in the bathroom seemed damp to me when I pulled one out of the container in the bathroom, so I kept pulling and yes, they were all like that. (??) The carpet - nasty. I opened the window in the morning to see the view of NYC and while it was nice, the window was crusted with some kind of orange staining.... (again, ??) I slept there and tried to spend as little time as possible.  I get it, it's near the airport - but I'm from Chicago and there are plenty of hotels near or on the grounds of O'Hare - those hotels are kept up.  This hotel is clearly not.  Nevermind the chipped paint and outdated decor - but is it too much to ask that there isn't duct tape in the shower?  The answer is apparently, yes.

A beautiful, but the bar/food area service is bad.  People are not willing to serve or help the customer. I stay here with 3 friends  and didn't like the experience at the bar in a lunch time. There were not coffee avaliable all day either in the cafeteria or neither the machine. The are has not restaurant or other places they should have more variety of food and breadfast and in USA a Hotel of this level  without ☕️ ? recommendation

Pros: staff was great from the front desk down to the folks cleaning in the middle of the night. Rooms are roomy. Location is ok if you need to be by the airport but also not too far from the city. And I think 25 bucks for an Ok all you can eat breakfast is ok given hotel prices and the lack of alternatives nearby, it just is what it is. No complaints there.

Cons: there was a huge party of high schoolers going apesh1t on the hallway, in addition to there having a lot of events taking place in the lobby. I was also in a room overlooking the pool. All of that resulted in an unbelievably noisy hotel stay. I mean, college fraternities on St Patrick's Day get quieter than that. The acoustics in the rooms are not good enough for the events or the pool, let alone the noisy guests. So I'd say avoid staying here if you can. There are other hotels nearby at a similar price point, and given the design of this building and their apparent emphasis on large events I don't think you can get enough silence in your room. If you do end up here, try to get a room on a higher floor. Also, bathrooms are lame. They have no exhaust and the water pressure is disappointing.

Pegamos esse hotel por ser perto do aeroporto Newark. Para ser um hotel de quatro estrelas, deixou a desejar.
Ao chegar com a van gratuita do aeroporto, demoramos mais de uma hora na fila do check in. Poucos atendentes e demora muito o check in (sem entender o motivo pois a maioria dos hotéis você faz em 5 minutos).
O quarto é muito bom mas no banheiro não tem secador (o que é estranho um hotel desse porte não oferecer o mínimo).
De manhã teve um grupo bem barulhento tendo algum evento e foi bem ruim. Ecoava pelo hotel inteiro. Esperamos a van no hall e o barulho estava impossível.
Queríamos pegar um café para ir ao aeroporto porém as DUAS máquinas do bar estavam quebradas. Ou era má vontade do atendente…

Short stay
The bed was amazing
PM shuttle driver, Hanee was amazing
Suggestion for early AM shuttle ... A sign up sheet
I was in the lobby at 4:40 AM, one of 3 people, yet almost didn't make shuttle due to being bum rushed by people heading down at 4:55. Luckily the first 2 that were down there (flight attendants) saw and made sure I got on.

We arrived late at night from the airport and took the air-train to the hotel shuttle pickup. Shuttle was a little slow that evening waiting >25 minutes and I did call the hotel that we were waiting. Hotel met our basic requirements. We only stayed overnight before heading to the cruise port the next morning. No real complaints as we slept well.

Great location! Service is excellent!

27$ a day for parking doesn't matter that you are a guest. 300$ security deposit room look like a 2 start hotel. Don't be fooled by the great looking lobby the rooms are HORRIBLE! paint chipping,mold in the bathroom, dirty carpets... this is the hotel that you say to yourself that you made a mistake.

DO NOT STAY HERE. $25 FOR THE SAME FREE BUFFET AT OTHER HILTONS!!!  I normally skip because the quality is poor, but decided to give them a chance. They present it nicely, but the food is army quality. $20 a day for parking in a lot that smells like raw sewage and made me want to puke.

Front desk aren’t friendly. All the electrical outlets are worn out and wont charge anything. They dont give a damn if youre a diamond member, didnt offer me water.

Good luck finding parking on the weekend. All the fire lanes were parked in too. People had to park in the street.

ALSO on Sundays there is a huge traffic jam in front of the ONLY exit because of visiting day for the NJ state prison next door.

One of the worst hotels I have ever been to. This is the worst Hilton hotel on the planet?

Why? Because you’re paying a lot of money for the most rundown hotel in the area. The other hotels around the area are 10x more well-kept. The beds here are sinking beds because of how old and used they are, mattresses probably haven’t been changed in ages. There was also a parking problem where the parking was completely full and we had to park far off on the streets and walk for a bit to get to the hotel. It was ridiculous. I rarely ever post negative reviews about places but I’m doing this now as a warning to other guests. Please do not book here and go somewhere else so they can wake up and try to fix themselves.

Positive: Airport Shuttle Negative: Old dated no regular coffee

Used the economy parking for my trip. I waited the shuttle in the airport for more than 45 minutes.

A bit run down. Bathroom needed renovation. Shabby repairs.

Clean, no issues with that

No service for call, no shuttle from airport

If you want to wait over an hour for the parking shuttle in the cold at night, this is the place to leave your car at the airport.

GREAT LOCATION & KIND GOOD STAFF & GORGEOUS HOTEL & SAY HELLLLO TO BEAUTFUL MEDINA C, SHE IS ABSOLUTELY A GREAT EMPLOYEE OF DOUBLE TREE HILTON. TO BE HONEST HAVING A DISABILITY ( BRAIN INJURY ) THAT NO ONE CAN SEE IS DIFFICULT AT TIMES, HOWEVER EVERY TIME I GO TO THIS HOTEL,  I AM TREATED WITH RESPECT & DIGNITY BY HER & HER COLLAGES . THIS HOTEL IS EXCITING & HAS A POOL, SELF PARKING, ALONG A BEAUTIFUL RESTAURANT /BAR INSIDE AND IT IS CLOSE TO THE AIRPORT (10 MIN DRIVE) AND THE HOTEL HAS A SHUTTLE SERVICE ( HUGE VAN) THAT OFFERS FREEEEEE  COURTESY RIDES EVERY HALF HOUR TO & FROM AIRPORT. PLEASE CALL THE FRONT DESK TO GIVE YOU A WAKE UP CALL & GET TO THE LOBBY EARLY.  IF YOU HAVE A EARLY FLIGHT FIRST COME 1ST SERVE TO TAKE YOU TO AIRPORT. SO IF FLIGHT AT 7AM, BE DOWNSTAIRS BY 515AM THE LASTEST. THE HOTEL WONT LET YOU MISS FLIGHT BUT ITS OUR RESPONSIBILITY TO GET UP & LIVE OUR DAY! WHEN RETURNING TO HOTEL AFTER YOUR STAY, AFTER GETTING LUGGAGE FROM AIRPORT, WALK ACROSS THE STREET. TAKE THE SHUTTLE TO AIR-TRAIN TO P4 WHERE YOU WILL SEE OR WAIT FOR THE DOUBLE TREE VAN TO TAKE YOU BACK TO DOUBLE TREE HILTON HOTEL. MAKE SURE YOU ARE GOING TO 128 FRONTAGE ROAD NEWARK NJ WHEN ARRIVING AT DOUBLE TREE HILTON BECAUSE THERE ARE OTHER HILTONS NEAR BY. ENJOY YOUR STAY! ILL ALWAYS GO THERE WHEN VISITING OR FLYING TO ANOTHER DESTINATION. THANK YOU MEDINA, YOU HAVE A GREAT PERSONALTY & SOUL. DOUBLE TREE HILTON IS BEYOND LUCKY TO HAVE YOU☀️💯😘

TO ALL, I PROVIDE MY POV TO HELP MYSELF & I PASS THE KINDNESS FORWARD, I TYPE IN CAPS DUE TO HAVING A MEDICAL CONDITION CALLED T E D DISEASE WHICH I AM PARTIALLY BLIND ALONG WITH HAVING HYPERTENSION HYPERTHYROIDISM GRAVES DISEASE & YES ADD A BRAIN INJURY WITH IT ALL. HOT MESS EXPRESS HERE BUT ALL ABOUT SHARING GOOD FUN PLACES TO HELP ANYONE SAVE A BUCK WITH GREAT ENERGY & ENVIRONMENT! ALL ABOUT L I V I N G WITH GOOD INTENTIONS WHEN I AM ALREADY ON BORROWED TIME’ I HOPE YOU ALL ENJOY WHAT I AM DOING TO HELP ME & HELP OTHERS. STAY BEAUTIFULLY UNSTOPPABLE TO ALL WHO READ THIS! WE DO 1 DAY AT A TIME’ LET YESTERDAY GO, LIVE PRESENTLY SO WE DONT MISS WHATS INFRONT OF US AND SMILE WE ARE ALIVE TODAY! #SMILEweareALIVEml #SUNSHINEViBES74 #BUNNYSREVIEW1026
WELCOME TO FOLLOW ME ON CLAPPER NEW TIKTOK OR TIKTOK ITS SELF🤣 LET ME KNOW YOU FOUND ME ON GOOGLE REVIEWS🤣💯☀️

nice hotel and nice room. However, a very cold welcome at reception. I am a Lifetime Hilton Diamond member which was barely acknowledged when I checked in, no smiles, no explanation of the hotel amenities, no bottles of water, etc etc - just not a good welcome

For families, especially with babies/toddlers, I would NOT recommend. The pictures are deceiving. I was planning on staying here with my family for just one night (due to the proximity to the airport) but this place was not clean by any standards. To start, I checked-in around 6pm (not early) and was checked into a room that had not been cleaned (see below pictures). Was moved to a different room, on a separate floor which also wasn’t great. The journey to the next room had me on high-alert - everywhere I turned there were cracked baseboards, peeling wallpaper, mold-like stains and debris. The lobby and the elevator seemed to be the only renovated spaces within this hotel but even the elevator was filthy. Ultimately, given the conditions and feeling uncomfortable, I decided to check-out and was told by the Front Desk Agent that I’d be provided a full-refund/ will not be charged. Again, I would not recommend.

Jut terrible. I stay at Hiltons in Singapore, Guam etc and this Newark location is completely different. The woman at the front desk yelled at me for not standing between the ropes and I was the only one waiting to check in.  The little restaurant bar just pat the front desk was nothing short of rude. Not a single greeting and literally not a single word or even a nod even when I said hello with a smile while ordering my meal.  I was still on Guam time and woke up early wanting a coffee. I asked the front desk who pointed me to a Starbucks machine that was out of coffee. I walked next door to the Holiday Inn who happily directed me to their coffee counter….thank you so much :).  Upon returning to Hilton Doubletree, I had to walk past three people drinking beer and smoking weed at the corner of the building. There is more wrong here but I need to stop. This was my worst hotel experience in 30 years of traveling. At least I’ve got a hell if a story for family and friends.

Charge Double. They do not pay atrention on already paid reservation or booked room.

Pool's water is freezing cold

We stayed at this hotel on the night of Oct. 15th checking out the next morning. My husband realized later in the day, that he left his sundry bag in the bathroom of our hotel. We tried calling twice only to be on  hold for 10-15 minutes. Finally we got a live person and was told to fill out a lost item form which we immediately did. We did get a generic email back saying if they found it they would let us know.
We went on a 9 night cruise and didn't hear anything back from the hotel. Which made us think the housekeeper either threw it away or took it. If the bag was returned to the management, shouldn't we have been notified?
I tried calling Saturday when we returned and would be near the hotel. Again I got nowhere. The first time I called I spoke with a pt person who basically said she had no idea where to look for a lost item. I tried calling a few hours later, I was told by the person on the phone she would email management and I should get a response in 3 days.
Very poor customer service by this chain. At this point my husband has replaced everything it's more the principle of things that we left an item and the hotel isn't helping us get it back.

Very basic service, vending machines not working, no help will come from the staff, very basic rooms, old looking doors and rooms in general

El hotel esta de acuerdo a su precio
El desayuno no tiene mucha variedad y es caro
El restaurante muy bueno, más variedad de platos y buenos precios
El servicio del shuttle malisimo, dicen que pasan cada media hora y no es verdad.
He esperado más de una hora,  deben mejorar este servicio

The lobby was very nice... the rooms were OK, starting to show a bit of aging. My only disappointment was no complementary coffee in the lobby; only a Starbucks vending station ($$). So we were stuck with the tiny coffee in the room, which actually was pretty decent, but very small.

Needs cleaning and updating

Everyone that helped me during my stay made it a wonderful visit very welcoming

Really bad customer service, front desk system

Very happy with our stay here just a few things to mention firstly the cleaning of our room which wasn’t very good (two consecutive days not done?)and when eating at the restaurant/bar in the evenings on occasion the service was poor and had to wait to be served.
We also found the reception staff a little unhelpful sometimes.
The location for us was very good.

Newark area is a wild place. This hotel is so large it almost feels like a fishbowl. The walls are thin. I could hear the family of 5 next door all night. Fine if you’re going to the airport early.

They wouldn’t allow paying guests who were already checked in to park at the hotel because they overbooked for an event.

Absolutely do NOT use this parking lot!! Someone hit my car, and I reported it before leaving, but they told me there are no cameras and that they couldn’t do anything!! Be careful — they’ll rob you here, and the hotel won’t take any responsibility! Scammers!! Stay alert!

DON'T STAY HERE. I waited for 35 mons for the shuttle, while other hotels had 2 and 3 shuttle come and go. Hampton had like 5 in the same timespan. I call the hotel 3x to get an ETA and I was promptly put on hold, without anyone even saying please hold. I waited for 5 or 10 mkns and hung up.  There's too many hotels nearby for such bad service, find another.

We moved here after one night at the Newark airport Marriott and were very glad for it. Here, the rooms are much more spacious, and there is a beautiful pool! Makes a huge difference for any stay greater than one night.

Nice hotel for a quick stay, the lobby bar had some good drinks. The parking can be a headache

Ideal for a quick overnight across from the airport, but not much else around.

This is our go to when the hotels in the city are too expensive. Very nice hotel

I travel a lot, and this is the worst hotel I ever stayed. Parking is a headache. breakfast is terrible
Customer Service really bad. I don’t recommend this place to anyone.

I had made a reservation via booking.com. The evening before my stay I received a welcoming e-mail from the hotel for my upcoming stay.

When I arrived at the hotel at 9pm after an international flight from Germany, i was told that they couldn't find the reservation. No help, no assistance to find a new hotel, nothing at all was offered. I had to try to find a solution myself, and after 1,5 hours on the phone I booked into another hotel, as I was tired and just wanted room. I hope I will be reimbursed the payment.

It seem illogical to me, that the hotel claimed no responsiblity. I would have not gotten a welcome message with instructions on breakfast, check-in times, etc. if they didn't have my booking. The lady at the counter was literally not forthcoming at all. Never had such an experiencer ever. It's ok to make mistakes, but the question is, how you handle them.

I was able to show the payment on my credit card. The booking clearly stated to be confirmed in my app. None of this mattered to the lady at the counter.

Room is very clean and the bed is super comfortable! However the phone in the room did not work. Placed an order for room service and was not able to use the phone… had to physically got downstairs and then order did not come for a long time :/ . Called the concierge and was placed on a hold for over 10 minutes

Mixed Experience — Great Front Desk, but Poor Restaurant Service

I have mixed feelings about my stay here. On the positive side, the front desk staff were genuinely nice and very helpful. Check-in was fast and smooth, and they took the time to answer my follow-up questions. The hotel itself is large, with an indoor pool and good facilities. Its proximity to the airport and the free shuttle service are also big pluses.

However, there were several downsides. The bathroom in my room felt quite old and could really use an update. In-room dining was inconvenient — there was no menu in the room (not even a digital one), so I had to go downstairs just to place an order. The location is also a bit isolated, with very few nearby restaurants or delivery options. Even the vending machines were overpriced compared to regular market prices.

The worst part of my stay was the experience at the restaurant on the first floor. One male waiter was extremely rude and dismissive. When I said I wanted to order food to take back to my room, he smirked and barely interacted with me. He ignored me when I tried to get his attention to order, and even took away my water glass before I finished it. Thankfully, a female server eventually helped me, and she was professional and kind. I left the tips. Afterward, I noticed other guests had mentioned similar issues in their reviews, so it seems this behavior isn’t an isolated case.

Overall, the front desk and amenities were great, but the restaurant service left a really unpleasant impression. I hope management takes this seriously and improves staff training to ensure guests feel respected and welcomed.

Im here at the moment,traveled solo female from England, My card wouldn't work for the $75 deposit,offered cash,women on the desk wouldn't accept it,so night in reception for me.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: I really like everything. Negative: It was nothing I didn’t like, everything was great I will definitely come back.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Church Events 🙏❤️

Positive: The atmosphere was comfortable Negative: The parking was expensive

Terrible hotel. Needs a huge amount of upgrade as well as staff training. Very disappointed. I will make sure to raise this issue to Hilton as this hotel is ruining the reputation of their brand. We only booked because it was “by Hilton” and we’re members. Luckily I was only there for one night. Will never go back!!!

You get what you paid for.

As a frequent traveler  I use some of the parking garages near to Newark Ariport, this weekend the cheapest place available was the parking at Double Tree by Hilton. a terrible mistake from the very beginning.
The Hotel is NOT one mile from the Airport, plan in advance with enough time if you don’t find a better choice.
To get back to the Hotel the service is worst in the  EWR area.
I arrived at terminal A, I called for the information where to pick up the shuttle to the hotel unsuccessfully, three times someone at the lobby pick up the call and left me waiting on the line.
I went to Terminal B and saw the hotel shuttle so I got into the service and the driver told me TO GET OUT because it was there only for airline crews,  I told him that I was waiting for the shuttle already 45 minutes with NO PROFESSIONAL SKiLLS OR HOSPITALITY He decided to keep the crew waiting  until I get out of the shuttle even calling a Cop to intervene, this driver was coming to same location I paid for the service, I was there in the shuttle already why it was difficult to provide the service?
Be aware that no matter at what terminal you arrive the hotel only pick up passengers at P4 wasting more than 30 minutes to get there and wait for the hotel to send the shuttle for you.
At the end Inhad to pay 40 dollars to get to the hotel and retrieve my car.

The  General Manager has replied to my post, on Sunday evening I requested to speak with the supervisor or manager in charge and a woman in the front desk told me she was the one in charge, I requested the reimbursement of the 40 dollars I spent in the taxi to get to the hotel and she said it was not possible, I was expecting an apology from
the driver who kicked me out of the shuttle he never show up, so I decided to bring this issue online DONT USE DOUBlE TREE By HILTON at EWR to a park your car, plenty of better choices around the airport.

距離機場近，高大建築有特色～
房間寬敞舒適早餐🥞應是團體沒什麼可吃！
來美加東旅遊，雄獅安排住兩天感覺旅行社區別賺錢
第一天餐食太差了！飯店住宿還好！

Stayed here recently because I had some business in NJ and fun in NYC. Pros: Decent location. Shuttle runs every half hour to train at Newark Airport. Indoor pool from 10am-8pm. Warm delicious cookies. Comfy King bed. Cons: Room with a balcony (indoor) with a lock that wouldn't allow us to open door. Phone was not plugged in. Didn't matter because front desk doesn't answer. I had to call them on my cell if I needed anything. Ran out of Kleenex. Took box out of holder expecting house keeping to refill, nope. Didn't put new tissue on roll either, which was quite low to begin with. Bathroom needed a paint touchup on the door and vanity had a bootleg cabinet where the hair dryer was (see pics). Soda machine- I pressed water & got diet pepsi. Pressed fruit punch, got water. Front desk offered me more water, no refund. My friend went down to breakfast. Meh. He said it was edible but not tasty.

Very disappointing.  Don’t rely on free shuttle unless you plan on waiting around for 45 minutes to an hour.   Meal service was non existent.  We were seated and the server never acknowledged us or came over to get our drink order after over 35 minutes.   Ending up eating snacks for dinner.
Room was nicely updated, except for the bathroom which was tired and tub was dirty.

We reported stolen items from our room back in May 2025 and have been dealing with the issue for over four months. Unfortunately, the agent assigned to handle our case stopped responding after our initial call. The hotel's insurance service has been utterly unhelpful, and the manager who promised to assist has not reached out since. The management and staff have been a huge disappointment. This has been a terrible experience, and we deeply regret choosing this hotel.

Placed a reservation through expedia because of a layover. I paid and received confirmation. I had to change my reservation to an earlier date and called to make that request. Was given assurances by both expedia and hotel that with the same confirmation number, I would be able to move forward with the new date. As I am checking in, they tell me they see communication about a change in date, but it wasn’t actually changed, and that there are no rooms available. They are then requesting me to check in on the original date, even though it is after my flight. Staff totally unhelpful in this situation and offered no solutions.

Wait to get through the parking gate 14min.  Wait at the front desk 34 min. Wait a for food at the (empty) restaurant 1hr 28 min.  Huge place and no one works here. Nice room. Nice people. Just check in online and order a pizza to be delivered.

Mann my mom 67 years old  WITH HEALTH ISSUES, was pushed out of breakfast 18mins in the tall heavy set guy with a ponytail was more like a co officer more then anything else and he didn't want to give her a go plate for a few minutes she got the plate but damaged done we had a few rooms for a wedding, the guy never even smiled all the time moms smiling and warm yet we got the hate vibes and the parking lot was 25 per car this is a big place so it's a nice place but the treatment was giving motel 6 STAY AWAY

I just needed to express my displeasure with my stay last night, specifically this morning. Housekeeping woke me at 900a, after I had a very late check-in last night. They knocked again at 10a and a third time at 1030a. It's my understanding that check out is 11a. Housekeeping should not be bothering people's rooms until either AFTER 11a or with confirmation from the front desk that the room is vacant.

I am not happy about this experience at this hotel. I had a scheduled check in at 0900 and the hotel could not let me check in until 1115 that day. I booked a day room at this hotel. I was awake traveling for 24 hours prior to check in and had to wait exhausted on the lobby couch. The hotel admitted to me that the rooms were not cleaned and that they were having issues with the rooms being cleaned. There seemed to be no urgency from the front desk to resolve the issue. The hotel is very noisy if you need to sleep in the day.

The breakfast restaurant closed at 10am even though the Doubletree website said 11am.
We were even willing to pay the $28+ for the buffet.
When there are no other restaurants anywhere near this hotel, it's sucks . 😒

I stayed sep23and sep24 the front desk staffs, Evonne, Leo and Mediina, you are amazing. That is because of you it made me feel like home. A very big Thanks to you all

Conference room warm

A must-try!

BEWARE HIDDEN FEES. Nothing is as advertised. They charge you for parking even if you don't have a car. Woke up to a surprise charge of $200.
You will be taxed 26% on your parking and incidentals. Most ridiculous $75/night incidentals for rooms that don't have microwave or working mini fridge!
Only one microwave shared between the whole hotel. If you want to wait an hour in line just to eat you have the patience of a saint. The in room fridge is plugged into your lamp which is plugged into a power strip someone call the fire marshall. every time it surges power your lights go out.

Stayed here because it was close to the airport.  There was some kind of convention and the guests were loud from 7am till 3 am. It wasn't as bad in the hallways but the lobby area was terrible. There was no microwave in the room only a community one to share. The lobby restrooms were dirty. $25 for a buffet and no other options is diabolical! I asked for a 330am wake up call for my 6 am flight and never received one. I almost missed my flight! 1 of the front desk girls HATES her job. My daughter and I are anemic. We couldn't figure out how to turn the ac to heat. Went to the front desk and was informed heat won't work till next month. Booked through a 3rd party and was not told until I arrived that I needed an extra $75/night for incidental. I will never stay here again!

I can only give one star in order to leave my review. The service at this hotel was extremely disappointing: the staff were unfriendly and unprofessional at all times. Overall, the experience was negative, with inappropriate and even humiliating treatment. I would definitely not recommend this place and would never stay here again.

Positive: The location is great. Negative: On check in the system was down. We waited over an hour to get in. Also tried having dinner there and after waiting for 30 minutes at the table had to go somewhere else to eat. We have been here before. Sadly service has declined.

Positive: Cleanliness Negative: No microwave in the rooms.

Worst hotel stay of my entire life. I had an early flight so I booked this room for its proximity to Newark airport. The indoor pool was allowed to remain open until almost midnight, for a private event, making sleep impossible. There are much better options available. Stay away from this hotel.

Great location and nice hotel. Breakfast was really good and service was excellent in the dining room. Had a little mix-up with the wrong rooms when we got there but the manager was absolutely amazing and sorted it very quickly. I would definitely stop here again if I visit New York as the location for us was just perfect. Close to the Elizabeth's shopping mall which was awesome. We had top floor with New York views and the sunrise was breathtaking!

This hotel doesn’t even deserve a single star. It’s old and rusty and the service doesn’t even make it to the standards of 4 star hotels. You feel like you’re staying at a motel or an old inn. They need to level up their games to stay in the business!!!

The staff could use some additional training for customer service

This place is laid-out in a very confusing manner. The toilet in our room wasn't working very well, and nether was the AC. The 3 floor in the hallways/upper dining area felt like the heater was on the entire time we were there.

The breakfast was the typical Hilton Brand, but I was very disappointed that coffee wasn't available all day/night. Seems like for $27 a day breakfast at a airport hotel should have had coffee available round the clock. The in room coffee just doesn't do it for everyone. I've worked as a Breakfast Attendant for Hilton brand hotels in the past. I know how much the coffee cost and it's disappointing 😞 that it wasn't available until 6am. Not everyone likes or is willing/can to spend $10 for poisonous Starbucks coffee.

The room service was pretty fabulous and we were pleased with the quality, prices, and available options to choose from.

The staff was pleasant, for the most part. The day we left we packed up the car to find that those spotted lantern moths were swarming around the back smoking area/our car.

Also, when my mom's friend booked the rooms, she was told they had a shuttle to the cruise ship port, and that wasn't true. So half of them had to Uber, and we had to drive mom/aunt to drop them off. So they were very upset that they were told this, as it was the main reason they picked this hotel to begin with.

Please purchase new luggage carts or at least some WD40!

Great place to stay and parking is very good

Expensive parking, bed bugs, dirty rooms, dirty linen,  disgusting shower, blood on rugs and lied to me saying I would get a refund but never provided one. Ongoing for months back and fourth with not being able to reach anyone at the front desk and calls/voicemails not returned when someone leaves a message for management. Horrible experience and never again! Do not stay here

Discrimination and terrible service. The lobby restaurant waiters smirked, treated us like outsiders, and made us feel disrespected. On Sept 7, one waiter (skinny, African accent) looked high and told us with a smirk to “order at the bar” instead of answering a simple menu question. Both he and his buddy were unprofessional and made us feel like trash. The hotel is isolated with no nearby food, parking is awful, and overall this was one of the worst stays I’ve ever had. Only one front desk lady was helpful and lovely, but that was the only positive. I am sorry for you in advance if you ever stay here.

Don't ever use this place for airport parking!!! They take your money and when you arrive every spot is taken it's INSANE. When you're at the airport expect to wait at least one hour before your shuttle comes to pick you up. Oh by the way the guy that picks you up has the biggest attitude. Stay clear of using this place for airport parking!!!

I recently stayed one night at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Newark Airport while in town for a concert at the Prudential Center. While there were some positive aspects to this stay, there were also several issues, including a serious safety concern that I feel are worth sharing.

Positives:

* Check-in was smooth and the lobby felt bright, open, and clean.
* The breakfast was excellent, honestly one of the best I’ve had at any DoubleTree. Even with a large crowd on a busy Sunday morning, the dining staff handled everything efficiently.
* The fitness center was clean, and the pool area was large and well-lit. I did not use the pool, but it did look very fun.
* Elevators were fast and I never had to wait long.

Concerns:

* Upon entering my room, I discovered a broken piece of metal lodged in the outlet near the bed, a serious safety hazard, especially for families with kids.
* The mini fridge was stuck shut, and I didn’t want to force it open for fear of being put at fault for the unusable fridge.
* The blinds were stained, and the windows were discolored with brown residue.
* The door frame was damaged, which gave the room a worn, poorly maintained feel.
* The thermostat was stuck at 67°F and couldn’t be adjusted, leaving the room uncomfortably chilly.

Unfortunately, my experience at check-out was disappointing. Despite standing in the designated Diamond/Gold priority line, I was passed over multiple times while others in the regular line were helped ahead of me. I was never acknowledged or greeted until another guest in line invited me to go ahead. It was disheartening to feel ignored, especially as a loyal Hilton Diamond member and multiple staff at the front desk.

I still appreciate the hard-working staff and the positive aspects of the property, but this stay fell short of the standard I’ve come to expect from Hilton. I hope these issues, especially the safety hazard, are addressed for the sake of future guests. I tried to contact the hotel directly about the concerns and was left in silence after 9 days. As I do not have kids, I felt fine in the room but otherwise I would not find this to be an acceptable or safe stay. I would consider looking elsewhere for my future stays in Newark considering the radio silence I was dealt when trying to privately deal with my concerns.

All photos are attached to this review including the stained window and blinds and the metal stuck in the outlet.

I literally don’t even know where to start prior to travel I call the hotel for information I can’t find online such as incidental holds and things of the sort I called 3 days straight past 5pm someone would pick up the phone and literally hang up are place it on hold for 15 plus minutes. I had to call customer service to get through. I booked through 3 party as I did with other hotels in a past no issues ever with them. I get discounts through my job booked through there paid an extra $45 dollars a night for a particular room. Just to arrive and they claim it’s no longer available someone on the Hilton app remotely checked in it they couldn’t do nothing about that. I expressed several times I needed the roll in shower the lady at the desk looks at me and says you’re not handicap so that room is for handicap people. Mind you I’m pregnant and need something to hold on to so I don’t slip and fall. They didn’t accommodate at all for not having the room I purchased and paid extra for. The 3 ladies at the front desk were all rude definitely need customer service skills. The rooms was out dated.shower was horrible it’s peeling so bad They charge all the money for parking when the gate was broken for 2 days I was there anyone could have walked in and done damage or stole a car. Then to add to that they have a big sign how they are not Responsible  for damages. Rooms have no microwave  just save your money stay else where. The lobby looks nice rooms are trash customer service is horrible parking is a joke

Ficamos 3 dias no Hilton e graças a Deus que foi maravilhoso a nossa estadia. 🤗
O pessoal  da recepção a tarde super educados e simpáticos
O quarto limpinho, as camas e travesseiro confortáveis 👍🏻
O café da manhã delicioso!  A entrada do hotel é linda!

Positive: Clean, fast check-in Negative: Any little noise, security was called

I’m deeply disappointed with my recent stay at this Hilton property (Aug 28–31, 2025). The experience fell far below Hilton standards.

Cleanliness

Room vents were caked with dust and debris upon arrival.

Despite notifying the manager on duty (Merica), nothing was addressed during our stay.

We had to ask housekeeping the next morning just to vacuum.

When I dropped my AirPods and moved the dresser, I found thick dust and old, brown towels—clear evidence of poor deep-cleaning protocols.

Lack of Service

Calls to the front desk and room service repeatedly went unanswered, making it impossible to resolve issues in real time.

Unresolved Compensation

After speaking with a manager (name believed to be Medina), we agreed to $50 per night for the inconvenience. I received only $50 total and am still waiting for the remainder at this point I am requesting partial refund for that entire terrible stay.

This was US Open weekend, so switching hotels wasn’t feasible, but that doesn’t excuse the state of the room or the lack of responsiveness.

Rooms & facility was really nice.  For such a big hotel, there are few issues that plague them.

1) Check-in is very short staffed.
2) The parking situation is very terrible.
a) Parking limited, because of the sheer amount of people that was saying there.
b) Leaving the hotel through the car gate was a big issue as there was no attendant to help.  I had to walk over to the front desk TWICE for the reception to open the gate because the ticket wouldn't scan.  I even had a guest (waiting behind me that frequents this hotel) try to help me scan & it didn't work.  Causing stress on me for being late for my function & causing a severe backup in the lot.

Very nice and very clean and they have cookie they make In that are everything

DO NOT STAY HERE! YOU WILL REGRET IT. My friends and I spent the weekend here and we had the worst experience I have had with a hotel. We arrived to the hotel a little after midnight on Saturday night. We had previously checked in online, but the front desk told us they didn't have a room because of a "system error." We were then told we would be shuttled to the Marriot by the airport. There were several other parties that were told the same thing. We waited for the shuttle for over an hour. Meanwhile, a family with small children next to us was called up to the desk and I overheard the staff telling her that the room was cleaned and they could now get into the room - this seems to contradict the "system error" we were told about. Around 1:30 am the shuttle finally picked us up and transported about 15 of us to the Marriot. When we got to the Marriot, they told us they had not received the names from double tree so they were not able to let us into a room. We sat in the waiting room of the Marriot until 3:30 in the morning waiting to get into a room. We finally got a room because one women in another group continuously called the double tree to get the names sent over so we could get a room. The utter lack of urgency and competence on part of the double tree staff is an embarrassment. What was supposed to be a two-night get away turned into a nightmare because we had to leave the Marriot on Sunday morning and go back to the double tree. When we got back to the double tree we were told we couldn't check in until 4pm so we were stranded without a room in the middle of our stay. I also had to pay for a Lyft to get back to the double tree.

To make this worse, there was a significant lack of communication from the staff. We should have been notified that our room wasn't available before we arrived at the hotel. Making people wait 3 hours to get into a room in the middle of the night that had been previously booked and paid for is unacceptable.

This entire experience was ridiculous. It caused significant added stress and made me regret that we booked with Hilton. I don't anticipate myself ever booking with this company again because of the confusion and difficulty we experienced.

If you're looking for a place to stay in the Newark area, just book the Marriot instead, you'll probably end up there anyways.

Though this is in Newark off the service road...the check in staff(woman with pink glasses) did an incredible job!  Service at the restaurant was fantastic!  AC would not shut off as controls were broken.  I will definitely stay next trip at this hotel

Waiting for a shutle for one hour now at the airport.
Call the hotel 5 times. No one answer.
Terrible service.
Stay away from this place.

This has been a horrible stay from start to finish. First off, the Manager who checked me in was extremely rude, and extremely condescending. When paying for the security deposit, I advised her my company submitted a credit card release on file for the security deposit. She immediatly gave attitude and told me it wasnt sent because shes the one who approves them and if she hasnt approved it then its wasnt sent. The attitude was completely unneccessary and uncalled for. And it just goes to show how the lack of customer service starts from the top.
Next we have the shuttle drivers. One of my shuttle drivers was very nice older man who was joking with the passengers and had overall great spirit. Another one of the drivers was extremely rude however. When we were waiting for the shuttle, it got full and there was only 2 seats left onboard. The group inline before us was a group of 3 so they offered for my partner and I to ride instead. The driver immediatley told us we would have to wait for the next shuttle and offered 2 other guest that were waiting inline behind us a ride instead. I was completely flabbergasted. When I told the driver that we had been waiting first, he said it didnt matter, that he decided who rode and since they had more bags he was gonna take them instead. The 2 other guest were just as stunned as my partner and I, and they insisted we ride instead thankfully. We also waited over 45 minutes for a shuttle back to the hotel from the airport. We eere tracking the driver and they completely skipped our stop. When we called the hotel and asked what happened, they just said the driver would be there in 30 minutes. We had already waited over 45 minutes so just took a lyft instead. Absolutely horrible service.
Finally the room itself. Although the room was sufficiently clean, the room was covered in stains on the carpets, the bedframe ect. Completely unnacapteable for a 4 star hotel.
Finally

We didn’t even stay in a room here and had the most awful experience with Hilton Double Tree, we paid to leave our car parked at the Hotel during our one week trip. As we came back to the Newark airport we had to wait An hour and a half in order to get on the shuttle we were told by numerous people would come every 30 minutes. the first shuttle that came 40 minutes into our wait filled up and the driver told us he would call someone and they would come in 3 minutes, ten minutes later we are still waiting so i called the hotel and the lady at the front desk had a nasty attitude with us and kept telling us she would call someone else to come immediately and they never did. An hour and a half later of wait we were finally picked up, over all a terrible experience and I do not recommend. The driver was very nice but customer service from the hotel was nasty and overall organization and time management is terrible.

Would not recommend. While staying for 5 days, they only cleaned the room once. They did not replace tissue, didn’t replace the towels or change the sheets. 0/5

We’ve just checked in. My partner booked the skyline view king and paid a little extra for it, but when we got there they said the room was not available. Instead they offered a king on 7th floor without the view we wanted, and told us there is nothing they can do about the mishap.
The supervisor I felt was not giving us the best option available, so I asked for a second opinion. She intervened, I honestly told her I would like a different opinion from hers, but the hostess had to revert back to her. they eventually gave us a double on the 12th floor with ‘a view’ but not the new york skyline view. And, the supervisor removed the ‘free parking’ compensation she had given for the initial booking for the inconvenience. I felt it was out of malice for me insisting I get another opinion different from hers. Anyway we settled for a double because they said each bed can take two people. Turns out unless it’s two toddlers, it really doesn’t fit two adults. We had a horrible check in experience after driving more than 5 hours.

He was unhappy because he wanted us to have a good night, but it’s ruined.

Well we were hungry, the website said kitchen closes at 11pm
But when we got to the lobby cafe at 10pm, we could only get take out (it doesn’t tell you on site)
And lastly the higher floors do have a view, but not a new York skyline view. They have a bad/mediocre rating on booking.com and you can see why. Bad service

The hotel was dirty. You could see the invisible dust and dirt on the surfaces. Especially the open rafter system. The windows didn't look like they'd been cleaned in forever. We went into the pool area to swim. When we got in, we noticed that there is at least 2 inches of scum between the waterline and the tiles and people had scratched their names and their initials in it. So, you know, it had been there for a while. THE STAFF WERE ALL FRIENDLY AND VERY HELPFUL. THE FACILITY OVERALL JUST NEEDED A GOOD SCRUBBING.

I stayed here for 4 weeks. In 3 out of 4 of my rooms, the power outlets didn’t work. You can’t control the temperature, and it was freezing cold for me — their only solution was to give me extra sheets. The rooms are old and worn out. All my coworkers left for other hotels, but I stayed only because of the gym and pool, and because it’s close to my work. Honestly, I had planned to stay another 2 months until my project finished, but I canceled all my reservations. I’d rather drive to a gym than freeze in my room tonight.

Unfortunately, I found the online photos to be quite misleading. While the public areas are decent, the guest room was a major disappointment. The bathroom, in particular, felt unsettling — I was genuinely uncomfortable entering the room with the lights off. The door was in poor condition, the bathtub had stains, and there were multiple cracks throughout. Overall, the room didn’t feel clean, and to top it off, I was bitten by a bug during my stay. I would strongly recommend avoiding this property.

Horrible service horrible staff the room wasnt cleaned when we checked in the fridge was dirty with old food from the previous visitor i complained about it on 4 different occasions and it didnt get cleaned until the night before check out and now im home in a different state they are unwilling to assist me with refunding my money horrible customer service the staff is dirty dont go its a waste of money to spend so much at an establishment that doesn’t respect their customers ive never had such a hard time with a company i regret every minute i spent at their establishment

1.	Convenient location near the airport, but the facilities are old, housekeeping is poor, and the service lacks warmth—very disappointing stay.
2.	Spacious room but dirty, poorly maintained, and staff not welcoming—far below the usual DoubleTree standard.

Positive: Staff was amazing! Knowledgeable, friendly, considerate, very helpful.  Outstanding all around! Negative: Toilet didn't completely flush, being on the 1st floor, everytime some one entered or existed the building,  the door would slam which was very loud and the bed would vibrate. And the $25.00 + tax for breakfast as well as the menu prices were excessive.

Room was fine. Parking was not great. Biggest issue seems to be theft by housekeeping. They have a system to report an item left behind. I know I left my wife’s blouse hanging in the closet, but it has mysteriously vanished. There has been no follow up about the report or answer to voicemail. How does it disappear? I checked out July 31st & reported the issue in person and by phone calls and voicemail & lost item website. ( there’s a response by the manager here, but it’s still not recovered. if this gets resolved somehow, I’ll update this review )

24/aug/2025 — After 3-weeks, there have been no updates of any kind.

Really nice hotel!
Great service!
Great rooms and location!

Stayed 3 nights
Things that bothered me
-never replace coffee items for next morning.
-TV is outdated, you expect to relax at night with a good movie, well you can't because they do not have smart tvs. So be prepared to channel surf until you fall asleep.
-they knocked on our door at 8AM to ask when we are leaving. If we are paying a grand for 3 days I expect to leave at least at checkout times.
-stingy, the staff acts like things are coming out of their own pockets.

If you want to miss your flight   Perfect spot.   Shuttle never took us to and from the airport.   Had to take uber.  We paid 50$ for uber.    Tried to call main desk. No luck.   Also the have a pick up spot where you need to take a train fekm the air port.  Crazy misinformation.   Never again

Nice safe upscale place to stay. Has many amenities such as 24 hr airport shuttle service bar and restaurant. Has a breakfast that is $25 per person all you can eat. ( I did not use it. Not a big breakfast fan. The swimming pool is great. Has a gym. One downer only one of three treadmills was working during my stay. All personnel were very friendly & professional.

One of the worst hotels ive ever stayed at. There were 2 ladies checking everyone in, one was a supervisor. It took over 20 minute per person just to check in and there was a big line. There was no sense of urgency from them when there clearly needed to be. The rooms were nice except for the tub. It was old and gross looking. The vending machine wanted $60 for a VERY cheap phone charger.  Definitely not a "PREMIUM" hotel.

I would not recommend this hotel. There were tiny insects under the bed sheets and a roach. Pest control said there was not any bed bug activity in the room. My skin health has been affected and itchy.

Albergo vecchiotto a con prezzi stellari. Abbiamo prenotato con un coupon della United Airlines perché il nostro volo è stato spostato al giorno successivo, ci siamo ritrovati con camere al piano terra con vista sulla hall o su muro, camere spaziose ma decisamente anni '80.|Attenzione a prendere la corretta navetta dall'aeroporto, le corse sono frequenti (15/30 minuti), si trova oggettivamente vicino all'aeroporto ma in una zona che non ha altro da offrire.|La colazione non era inclusa nel pernottamento, presentava in ampio buffet prevalentemente salato, accettano i ticket di United Airlines ma uno non è sufficiente.

Good location for airport travel, nothing special

Habían porta vasos atrás de la cortina!!
Las camas están ya muy aguadas de un lado se va uno, siendo un hotel cerca del aeropuerto deberían de hablar otros idiomas, las recepcionistas atienden muy mal

Was there for a child event. The had me put a deposit on top of my payment when I got there  apparently the guy chose who would pay that and who wouldn't. $6.00 for hot water. $25 for breakfast a day when. You are hosting a kids event is ridiculous. AC would shut off at night. Parking is 47.50 a day if you stay with validation but they were not telling parents this  they do not have a pool. Just an insane place

Leider lässt der Service sehr zu wünschen übrig. Trotzdem man Gold Member in der Gruppe ist, wird einem über die direkte E-Mailadresse des Hotels nicht geantwortet. Auch über den gebuchten Drittanbieter nicht. Es geht um eine fälschliche Hotelreservierung, die bei Buchung Sekunden danach aufgefallen ist, dass ich das DoubleTree Newark Airport mit dem
DoubleTree Newark Pennstation verwechselt habe. Es antwortet keiner und aus Kulanz geht laut Expedia, da sich dieses Hotel nicht meldet anscheinend auch nichts.

Ich möchte sogar in derselben Hotelmarke bleiben, eben nur nicht am Airport sondern an der Penn Station, da uns dieses Hotel als kleine Familie mit einem 10 Monate altem Säugling um zu Tagestrips nach New York rüber zu kommen einfach nichts bringt.

Fehler macht man, aber man kann sie auch korrigieren und vor allem nicht einen ignorieren.

Only used for parking, but when arrive for prepaid parking there was not one spot available. Won't be using those place again.

The room i choose through the app was not ready even 2 hours after check in. Therefore, they gave me another room. The room had blood and hair dye in the bathroom. Also the toliet was about to overflow. They offered to give me another room. I checked in the other room and someone had peed all over the toliet. I took pics and reported this as well. Needless to say I will not be staying there again.

Me gustó bastante las instalaciones del hotel, es muy completo. Cuenta con piscina techada, buen gym, máquinas expendedoras, bar, muchos espacios para descansar en el lobby o disfrutar de alguna comida. En mi caso l atención en front desk no fue buena. L señorita de la mañana poco cordial. No como en otros hoteles de esta misma línea que te atienden de lo mejor. No hablan español.

If you're ever in Newark, stay here. Nothing else will do.

I would also like to add that in the bathroom in the shower it smells moldy. No one answers the phone. Was there for a week and the housekeeper never refreshed the room, but I saw them constantly clean one elevator and the other 3 untouched. There are 12 floors and only one small microwave in the lobby. Nothing fits in the fridge that’s in the room, this place cares more out how the lobby look instead of the comfort of guest and
Cleanliness.

Rooms just are extremely worn out. Housekeeping staff aren’t doing proper job of cleaning the entire room and the towels are dirty. The worst part is that the bathroom shower curtains smell like mold and rotten. This hotel needs to redo their interior and retrain their staff about proper customer service.

Positive: The view and overall the room and service was nice. Negative: When I opened the curtains, I noticed blood and other stains on them.  I didn’t want to open them as much because of this.

I found at least two towels in the same room that had visible hair on them. I tried calling room service twice, but nobody picked up the call. Moreover, the waiters were not well mannered. It was disappointing, given this is a 4 star hotel.

The only positive I can think of is that the lobby was decent.

The rest of the property is outdated, smelly, and the central air can’t keep up.  Our room was hot and humid despite turning the setting as low as it went.  The rooms are outdated, especially the bathrooms.  Our room had random stains on the wall.  You can also hear all the noise in the hallways.

At check in, the front desk immediately informed us that we were being charged $27 to park our car on property, which is just silly to begin with.  The parking lot is overcrowded and confusing so people were just parking anywhere even if it wasn’t a real spot.

We were also informed that the room we booked months ago was sold out so we were downgraded without compensation or even an apology.  So we had a nice view of some train tracks and the warehouse next door.  Vending machine on our floor was also out of order.

This place is just bad overall, and I felt dirty being there.

Positive: Size of the rooms Negative: Shuttle staff was very rude!  Starbucks coffee seemed like it was a second run batc, very watered down especially for the price!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I had a confirmed reservation for this hotel, booked months in advance through the official website.  When I arrived from several states away at 8:30pm, I was told my credit card had been declined so they had canceled the reservation and given my room to someone else.  Though I am an Honors member,  they did not call me about this supposed issue or ask for a different card before giving my room away.  I was left stranded with my two young kids at night in Newark, NJ for an hour as I scrambled to find new accommodations.  When I did,  I used the same credit card that was supposedly declined to pay for a new room at much higher cost.  Management is dishonest.  They just overbooked this hotel and didn't want to do the typical courtesy of providing an alternate location at their cost.  They put us in a precarious situation with no remorse and no offer of compensation. Disgusting.

سياسته سيئه جدا ياخذ مبالغ كبيرة علي موقف السيارة وتامين عند الدخول

Dear Management,

I’m writing to express my dissatisfaction with several issues during my stay at your DoubleTree location at 128 Frontage Dr, Newark, NJ.
1.	Parking: I was charged $27 per day, yet the lot was overcrowded and I had to park off to the side. Paying for parking should guarantee a proper space.
2.	Restaurant Experience: I placed a pizza order at 9:55 PM and received it around 10:30 PM. Despite being on time, I was told I could not dine in because service ended at 10 PM. The pizza was cold, poorly cut, and not served properly.
3.	Room Condition: The room I was provided has a visibly cracked wall and a door that appears damaged around the lock — not the standard I expect from Hilton properties.

I am disappointed with the quality of service and maintenance during my stay. I request a partial refund or compensation in Hilton Honors points to make up for this unpleasant experience.

I’ve attached photos for your reference. Please let me know how you intend to resolve this.

Sincerely,

Would not recommend. You have to pay $27 to park at the hotel you are staying at. Our room we booked was “unfortunately” sold out when we checked in. We were moved to a different room no upgrade. The hotel itself is just kind of dingy.

Checked in today, first time in jersey. I am very disappointed. Had to pay a $375 deposit which is fine. However, upon checking into the first room this is what I saw. Room hasn’t been cleaned and someone has slept in the bed and dirty. The reservation desk was nice and sent us to a different room, sadly this room was trashed as well. I rather be in a motel than waste almost $1.3k on this poor establishment. The main entrance looks nice but the rooms are horrible and lacks.

Terrible  receptionist

Shout out to Deshawnda at reception. She was super helpful, courteous, kind, and efficient. It’s nice to see that the hotel has made a upgrades.

My husband, who has Type 1 diabetes, and I, along with our two children, stayed at this hotel from July 20th to July 24th.

On Tuesday night, I tried to order in-room dining for my husband since his blood sugar was low enough to warrant a meal, even though it wasn’t dangerously low at the time. However, I noticed that there were no menus in the room. I scanned the bar code on the desk to access the menu online, but unfortunately, there wasn’t one available.

I then called room service to inquire about the menu, but they informed us that they had recently received a new menu and didn’t have a digital menu available.

I explained our situation and requested a paper menu so that I could order my husband’s food. However, they informed me that there were no paper menus in the room, which was already evident. I asked if a menu could be brought up to us, but they denied that request. I asked if they could read off the menu to me so that I could order, but they also denied that request. They said that if we wanted a menu, we would have to walk downstairs to the bar, which defeats the purpose of in-room dining. This was also not feasible with two young children and a husband experiencing low blood sugar.

Frustrated, I called the front desk to speak with a manager. I was informed that a manager was unavailable at 9:30 pm and that they couldn’t accommodate our request to bring a menu. As a result, we never got a chance to order any food. We ended up buying a soda from the vending machine on our floor to treat my husband’s low blood sugar and then ordered Uber Eats to be delivered to us.

The next day, Wednesday, we visited the bar and requested a menu to bring to our room. The manager, at least I believe she was the manager, carried herself rudely when I asked for the menu. I had explained what had transpired the previous night, but she seemed uninterested and essentially dismissed it as the hotel’s standard practice. She kept interrupting me while speaking, showing no concern for the situation.

During our stay, she offered two options for ordering food: either with her downstairs or whoever was at the bar. They would charge a 22% gratuity plus an additional $5 for the hassle of taking it upstairs. Alternatively, we could simply order the food and take it up ourselves.

Our experience with housekeeping was equally disappointing. When we asked for toilet tissue, upon checking into our room we found only a half-roll in the restroom. We called and requested more, only to be informed that there was already toilet tissue in our room. We had to explain that it was only a half-roll and that there were four people in the room. After much back-and-forth, housekeeping finally arrived and brought a single roll of tissue to our room after waiting an hour.

This experience was by far the worst I’ve had with Hilton. It’s understandable that it’s a sub-brand, but I hope they’ve improved their employee training and increased staff to provide in-room dining services if they don’t have enough staff to do so. If not, why have it? After paying over $600 to stay there for four nights, plus $300 for incidentals and $27 a day for parking which was also an issue the key cards didn’t work to let you in despite paying for parking we still had to grab a ticket. You would think they would provide better customer service/ experience to their guests, especially those with medical issues who need accommodations.

Really need to concentrate on Quality Cleaning of the rooms.
It was really bad. They also don't close the pool at 8:00 like  posted. Kids and families are screaming and laughing till all hours of the night, and you have no way of keeping all the sound out of your room due to the atrium echoing. It's hard to sleep when you have to be up early in the morning.
Seven dollars for a bottle of water ... ughhhh

Horrible service. Arrived at 7:30 pm and our room wasn't ready. We were given $60 worth of vouchers to use at the restaurant, but couldn't use them because "the system was down". Paid $140 ( family of 4) for not a lot of mediocre food and waitress was unable to give separate tabs for 3 families, but did give us 2? They then tried to compensate us with breakfast vouchers which STILL didn't work because "the system was down". The hotel was trashy and loud for a Double Tree. 2 bath towels per room despite there being families of 4 in each room. Phones didn't work so we had to go down to the desk to get more towels. Told us there was a shuttle to the cruise port, yet there wasn't and we had to scramble for transportation. Staff was short and couldn't care less. Will not stay here again.

Positive: "" Negative: Guest parking should be free of charge , $ 30.00 per night is to much plus there is not enough spots available.

Positive: Location Negative: Room service persons enter without waiting your response.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Regina at the front desk was so kind and helpful. She really went above and beyond to make sure my needs were met when there was a booking issue on my behalf.

I rate this hotel 5 stars and 2 thumbs up

I use this location for airport parking. Great place and service shuttle runs every 30 min to airport.

Najgorszy hotel w jakim bylem , obsługa na poziomie zerowym. Bardzo niegrzeczna obsługa, pomyliły karty na samym początku i finalnie zostaliśmy obciążeni na innym koncie. Przychodzisz do lobby bo chcesz cos zalatwic i kobieta która pracuje w recepcji w trakcie rozmowy odwraca sie do ciebie plecami i zaczyna sobie pogawędki z kolegą z pracy. Kobiety które tam pracują sprawiają wrażenie ze nie potrafią zrobic nic innego niż tylko nabić na kasę pokoj. Zero myślenia zero zrozumienia klienta i chamskie zachowanie.

Extremely Disappointed — Broken AC, Misleading Parking, and Outdated Rooms

I’m currently staying at the DoubleTree by Hilton on Huron and the experience has been extremely disappointing.

The AC in our room on the 9th floor isn’t working, and we couldn’t sleep all night in the middle of summer. When we called the front desk, they just told us to call back at 7:30 AM when engineering comes in — seriously? What are we supposed to do overnight in a hot, uncomfortable room? No offer to move rooms, no solution, just a shrug.

On top of that, there are no proper pillows in the room — just decorative ones — and the refrigerator is running but doesn’t cool anything, making it useless.

The parking situation is a complete mess. When booking, there was no clear mention of a $27 per day parking fee, and when we arrived, we were told the lot is full because it’s being used for airport parking. Even guests staying at the hotel have to pay $27 and still park out on the street or far away. How is that acceptable?

This place is marked as a four-star hotel, but honestly, it doesn’t even come close. The lobby looks fancy, which gives a completely false impression — but once you get to the rooms, they’re outdated and poorly maintained, and nothing seems to work.

For the price we’re paying, we expected a basic level of comfort and service. We’re paying to sleep, not to sweat through the night in a room with broken amenities and no real support from the staff. Hilton needs to address these issues — this experience is far from the standard we expected.

Is there anything you could do management as the front desk would not help us here?

Horrible service from servers- rude.  Room was not ready until 7pm, was offered a $60 dinner incentive that ended up not being able to be used. Manager was not apologetic or understanding. Should not have given out voucher's from the beginning if they were never going to be accepted. Wasted $$$ on poor quality food.

I stayed at the DoubleTree Newark Airport expecting the usual standard of quality from this brand, but unfortunately, my experience fell far short.

The room felt outdated and not as clean as it should have been. The furniture was worn, and the carpet had visible stains. On top of that, the air conditioning unit was loud and made it hard to sleep.

Overall, I would not stay here again. There are better hotels in the area that offer more value and better service for the same price or less.

Used the shuttle service waited over an hour for a shuttle and never showed up had to uber to the hotel Rediculous

I recently stayed overnight at your hotel due to a missed international flight caused by a connection delay. I chose your hotel because of the advertised shuttle service every 30 minutes. However, I waited over 2 hours for the shuttle, during which I had to pay for an Uber. Despite informing staff multiple times, I was told the driver had just left and calls went unanswered. No partial reimbursement was offered, and later I was told there is a screen tracking the driver’s arrival, contradicting earlier statements.

Avoid False Information provided

One of the best hotels that I ever stayed at NY, good room, beautiful view, great breakfast, nice quality in attention by the personal, excellent gym and pool.

I used their parking services a few times throughout the past year and normally they are consistent enough (1 shuttle every 30-45 minutes). However now we have been waiting an hour and it is now midnight and a single shuttle has not arrived. In this hour I have seen every major hotel chain shuttles multiple times in P4. They have definitely lost a customer due their inconsistency and next time I will most definitely use another hotel’s shuttles and park there

I was greeted upon arrival without incident. The original room I had requested was not available, and I was downgraded to another room. Again, the gentleman was kind, and also “comp’d” the parking. The pool area was not clean, there were dirty towels, and not very many clean towels available. The rooms were very very aged, and there is no A/C in any of the halls in the building. As soon as you get out of the elevator you’re met with warm air. The rooms are dark and dingy, however the A/C did work. The waitstaff downstairs, myself and a half full of other guests waited 55 minutes before we were finally greeted and sat to a table. It seemed the staff was completely overwhelmed and were not communicating with waiting customers, leaving everyone in a heightened state. This was not a great experience. The restaurant downstairs is definitely something I would never recommend. I stay at a handful of Hilton only properties, this one is definitely on the bottom of the list. I hope you guys can get this figured out. Sad to have experienced this.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Horrible transaction service, shuttle driver  is a LIER. No one cares  about anything. If value your time, stay AWAY from this hotel!

Our experience was horrible. My family and I arrived at the waiting area for the shuttle and we were third in line. We had been waiting for almost an hour when a shuttle finally came and the driver loaded our luggage. The license plate of the specific van was XPN P10 and was driven by an older, white man. As my family attempted to get onto the shuttle, the driver prevented us from entering and instead offered 6 other white individuals to enter the vehicle. For context, these people had not loaded their luggage and had arrived after my family. My family is from Hispanic background and we were appalled to see this form of discrimination to be allowed from this company. He then proceeded to take out our luggage and replace it with the luggage of the white passengers. He ignored us as we told him that we were waiting first, with our luggage already having been in the vehicle. Unfortunately, we were forced to wait for another bus to come later on. We are incredibly disappointed and horrified that a driver with this sort of behavior is allowed to discriminate against colored passengers and treat a family with young children this way. Do not recommend this shuttle service.

I've come a long way and have been waiting in the lobby for about two hours. It's now time to check in, but I still haven't been given my key, and the reception staff are being very rude.

We stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton near Newark Airport and had a mixed experience. On the positive side, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful—offering complimentary essentials like toothbrushes and warm chocolate chip cookies, which my toddler loved. The hotel provides a convenient shuttle to and from Newark Airport every 30 minutes, which was a huge plus for our travel plans. The beds were also very comfortable, which made for a good night’s rest.

However, the value didn’t quite match the price we paid. Breakfast was a steep $25 per person for a basic all-you-can-eat buffet—definitely overpriced for what was offered. Additionally, the on-site Starbucks couldn’t manage a simple cappuccino, which was disappointing.

Overall, while the service and shuttle were appreciated, the amenities and pricing left us feeling like the stay didn’t quite measure up in terms of value.

Positive: Indoor pool Negative: My iteniary clearly says breakfast included they charged $62 for 1 day of breakfast. Brought it to their attention and they literally just said sorry we don’t do that. Didn’t fight it because I was with my son. They even charge $30 a night for parking.

This is my go-to hotel when I visit NJ, and I absolutely LOVE the staff. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE, offers exceptional service. The hotel is in need of some updates within the rooms, and the walkway outside needs some leveling, but overall, I still would recommend this hotel to all I know!

great ROI when you arrive late from EWR

Very nice hotel near Newark Airport.  Shuttle service is available that runs every 30 minutes.  Pick-up is at P4.
Rooms are spacious.  Beds and linens were comfortable. Clean.
Staff was nice and helpful.
There is a lounge area that is spacious where I was able to charge my phone while waiting.
It's easy to get to Times Square from here - shuttle to P4, then take the air train one stop away to the metro.
Convenient for overnight stays and early flights.

Absolutely great location, in the middle of everything and easy to get on the interstate in either direction. Newark Penn Station is a short Uber ride. Only thing I would say this location does not offer is an outside sitting area unless you smoke. There are designated smoking areas but if you just want to sit outside and watch the planes land and takeoff or get fresh air, you have zero options.
The bar food is very good and the staff is super friendly. The hotel is very clean. I stayed there July 2nd-5th 2025

Large rooms but housekeeping forgets to put certain amenities in the room like hand soap.  Last time there was graffiti on my window and I asked to have it cleaned twice but no one addressed it.  Walls are also thin which makes it hard to rest

Very nice 👍🏾 will definitely go again

Wait too long for the food in restaurant.

We had a bad experience where they overbooked and put us somewhere else the first night. The personal were kind enough, and in the end the manager gave us that first night for free. Hence the 1 star to 3 stars, increase. I've lived at many hotels, and this one is totally fine and comparable to most. Felt a bit crowded, but it's also next to an airport. Again, nice personel!

I expected better. This hotel doesn't consistently apply Hilton Gold benefits. No cookies offered on check-in.
No upgrade rooms available. Online check-in also didn't work. Front desk staff seemed indifferent.
When I realized water bottles were not supplied, I checked Gold benefits in the Hilton app - Continental Breakfast and Bottled water are supposed to be available. I went back to reception and the staff seemed less than interested. I asked for two bottles of water. The response was "you can buy bottled water".
When I pointed out that it's a Gold benefit, I was told "sorry we don't have any". I suggested that bottled water from the market is available, she eventually said "I'll send some up".
Gold also includes Continental breakfast. I was advised "this hotel doesn't offer that, we just give you $15 food credit."
Again, unhelpful, as it doesn't cover the breakfast, charged at $24.
DoubleTree, don't nickel and dime your Elites. This stay puts me one night away from Diamond status. Fortunately, I also have Bonvoy Titanium. Disappointing, to say the least.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

One night because the next day 69$ more

Positive: The whole weekend was wonderful. Great customer service, great event and the hotel was very nice. Negative: no

Hard to contact for the shuttle service

Rooms could use a deep clean and refresh

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: The architectural design and exciting visual design features. Restaurant was great! Negative: Noise from the pool and noisy people in the hallway. Some of them were the cleaning crew yelling, laughing with/at each other down the hall! The door had a big gap around it which let in the sounds. Door needs soundproofing. Should supply drinking water

Let's start with the front desk, a young lady named Lourdes, she is completely horrible and should be fired immediately.  If you're running a business the front desk should not make people not want to come back.  She was nasty and rude.  I booked a king size and had to settle for a double bed.  The manager Monica was no help at all she should be fired too.  Security dude was cool but he had nothing to do with the problem... Not to mention the elevators didn't  work smh.....if I could give 0 stars I would, will never stay here again.

We could have had better accommodations at a Motel 6 and for the price we were charged per room was what a 4 and 5 star hotel should bring. I wouldn’t even give this hotel a max of 1.5 stars and that’s only due to the staff. Great staff but the owners need to realize this hotel has been rode hard and put up wet. Filth so deep even the cleaning people couldn’t keep the place clean, carpet on the floors were dirty, stained and stretched out, doors in the room were broken, yes hollow core doors separating due to who knows what. Doors that wouldn’t close nor even lock properly. Beds that the morning we woke up my wife had to shower due to the feeling of bed bugs all over her.

Stay away from the breakfast if you do not want to have to be in the bathroom for hours after eating there. The wait staff was great but the food wasn’t.

Bottom line if you had to get a room for free, might be your choice but even free I would pass them up.

Positive: Made commute to cruise port more convenient. Negative: Musky room with awful mattress and pillows, ants in bathroom and blood in carpet. These were the most disappointing aspects.

Positive: nothing Negative: front desk attitude and lack of amentias

Easily the worst Hilton family hotel I've ever stayed at. The shuttles to/from the airport are the busiest and least frequent of all the hotel shuttles (get ready to wait). They're hard to get too as well (a bus to the shuttle -- this is surely the airports fault). The shuttle driver was so rough with my bag they ripped the rubber handle right off. The hotel itself feels like it's a 70s motel with a converted lobby. The workers seem displeased to be there. Which might be everyone's sentiment.

Honestly this place was disappointing. I booked the Double Tree because usually the service is great, but not this place.

I specifically requested a room with a large window for sunlight because I was going to be working from my hotel room for a day. When i finally got to my room the window was tiny and it felt like a dark basement. The bottom 3/4 of the window were blocked by a wall which is why it was so small and dark. Room 517 for anyone wondering.

I called the front desk and asked if I could be moved to a different room. The front desk response… “we don’t have many rooms available.” I asked again if there was 1 room anywhere and she says “not many.” She wouldn’t say no because obviously there were other rooms available but she didn’t want the hassle.

I responded by saying I could stay in the room if it was too much hassle and she said “okay” and hung up. The attitude was wild.

Finally when U get settled in my room I realize most of the outlets aren’t working to charge my devices. Great since I was planning on working from the room for a day.

Even better I get to the bathroom and the shower drain is clogged up and takes forever to drain.

Honestly was kind of shocked by this experience. Not staying here again lol.

This place is a dump. It even smells like it. Check in was slow and they acted like I didn't have a reservation when I had already checked in online. I'm a hilton member and I didn't get water or even a cookie. The airport shuttle was very slow and hard to find. And then the driver parked the shuttle in the wrong zone. The room its self is very run down and has a smoke smell. The room has water damage. And is not up to par with a what is considered to be a nice hilton hotel brand. This is more along the lines of a motel 8.

Positive: Cleanliness, hotel shuttle to the airport Negative: Location is far from everything. Staff is not friendly, didn't listen to the needs of the elderly gentleman, yelled at him, made him unnecessarily stand in a long line twice

When I went to drop off my vehicle, the lady who helped me was excellent, but on my return I called multiple times for someone to pick me up, and it was terrible. They left me and my pregnant wife waiting for more than 2 hours. I called, and no one showed up. I had to pay for an Uber to take me to the hotel so I could get my vehicles. These are the things that hurt business.

DO NOT DEPEND ON THE SHUTTLE.
just call a cab or Lyft.

It is so frustrating to travel all day and have the FIRST interaction with your “home away from home” be so unreliable. I have now been waiting for an hour for the shuttle that “runs every thirty minutes”.

An hour and counting……….

Rooms are dated.  Bed, shower pretty mid and the cleaning was poor.  Service everywhere is slow.  The gym is pretty good though.  For a near airport hotel not bad place to overnight but is really three stars.

Recommeded as well located close the airport.

This hotel looks amazing and I only give it two stars because the pool closes at 8 PM. I've never stayed at a hotel where the pool closed at 8:00 p.m. especially one right by an airport where people are coming at all hours of the day. We got in late because of delays into EWR and tried to get food from the bar area... They were basically out of food. Rather disappointing overall and would not stay here again.

Positive: "" Negative: I was given a twin bed instead of a king, room had a foul smell and when I asked them to change it I was ignored and later told that they can?t meanwhile other guests were being given rooms, plus I paid $150 deposit which I have not been refunded

RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!
This  “hotel” should not be part of the Hilton group! I have stayed at many Hilton properties and without a doubt this is the worst I have ever seen. We contacted the hotel to let them know we were coming in late, by the time we arrived they have given our room up. Why would they give my room up if I booked my room with Hilton points and called them to let them know we were coming? They gave me a room on the first floor, there was nothing ok about that room. The bathroom had mold, the carpet was so disgusting. Save your money and stay somewhere else, this place is horrible.

Very pleased with staff. Rooms were clean.

This experience was a complete disappointment. I do not recommend this hotel; and, Hilton I’m truly disappointed in your lower standards I’ve been seeing with hygiene.

I wish I didn’t have to write this review … but, their service, hygiene, and up keep isn’t acceptable; below average.

To list a few concerns …
- Hair from prior guest still in my room and toilet.
- Dust, dirty vents causing allergies.
- Dirty controls/switches.
- Rusted and broken vanities.

To top it off, the front staff didn’t even care, just tried to brush me away when I tried to share feedback about my experience. I gave her the room number, she just stared at me, and looked at me like ‘I don't care’ … so, I left.

Top 10 best hotels I’ve been to honestly. The only thing I didn’t like is that they don’t do room service and you have to go down and pick it up but that’s not too bad. They had music in the lobby with a little bar/resturant, a pool, a gym. All indoors incase you’re wondering

Do not park your car at this hotel. Shuttle run every 30minutes.. also really hard to communicate for the pickup..

Good service.

נקי מסודר , קרוב לשדה רק יקר יחסית

Rooms need a remodel for sure.  Tub showers.  36 in TV.  Bed & Lobby were great.

I paid the price including breakfast but because my children bought one banana each they were asked for an extra fee of 25 dollars, which is 100 dollars. At 5 in the morning they pulled the fire alarm because there was a drill and my children were very scared. Immediately afterwards they told me that it was a drill. At 5 in the morning and at a time when we are very tired. This is a disgrace.

Kept testing the damn fire alarms at 6am.

Stuck us in a room that absolutely reeked of mildew, it was terrible. Also the shuttle left us stranded at the airport for almost an hour. Would never stay again

The business traveler has simple needs, a clean room, a hot shower, coffee and clear communication about things like transportation and shuttles. This place has no love for the business traveler. Were people who get up early to catch the first flight out. Is there a complimentary pot off coffee on when we get downstairs? No! You need to wait until 6 a.m. when Starbucks opens. The shuttle is parked outside, but no it’s not ready for passengers you need to wait, it runs every 30 minutes. On a Monday? Come on? I will say the restaurant staff was kind, courteous and professional.The room was clean, but dated and the shower was hot. The T.V. Didn’t work, hey.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Highly Disappointing Stay – Don't Let the Lobby Fool you.

Our first impression of DoubleTree by Hilton was genuinely positive. The exterior looks nice, the airport shuttle service was prompt and efficient, and the lobby is quite fancy, giving a really good initial vibe. We thought we were in for a pleasant stay.

However, once we got to our room, the illusion quickly shattered. The room was frankly a bit dirty: we found stains on the carpet, peeling wallpaper, and even hair on the shower wall. It was clear the cleanliness standards were not up to par.

As someone who is 6'5", the shower experience was a complete nightmare. The shower head was at chest height, forcing me to literally squat down just to wash my hair. This is an unacceptable design flaw for any modern hotel.

To add to the frustration, the outlet by the bed didn't work, making it impossible to charge devices conveniently overnight. We also discovered that the on-site restaurants had terrible 1-star reviews, so we opted to order food from elsewhere, which shouldn't be necessary at a Hilton property. Our room felt hot because the thermostat is right under the vent, while it said it was cool, it wasn't. Light from the interior facing windows was coming in all night, paired with the hot room, bad nights sleep.

And to top it all off, breakfast isn't even included, costing a ridiculous $24 per adult and $11 per child for a buffet. This felt incredibly lame and overpriced, especially given the overall disappointing experience.
I am super unimpressed and thoroughly disappointed with our stay. The initial good impression quickly faded, revealing a poorly maintained room and a lack of basic guest amenities and value. This DoubleTree needs a serious overhaul.

Would not recommend, when we got there we had looked at the pool and it was not even swimable. Cloudy, alge looking bubbles to the point if you had your kid swimming and needed help you not be able to see the kid.
The service was okay some of the workers actually care, some do not care. The room was comfy but very, very loud neighbors. Every  room has a door, and let me tell you. You can hear every single thing. Every double tree I have been to i had a good experience. NOT THE ONE CONNECTED TO THE AIRPORT which is the one you are reading about.

Find a different hotel. Some of the staff were wonderful and others couldn't be bothered less to help.

Our room was situated right next to a routy, inconsiderate group of people who partied all night long and fired up their music at 6am. We didn't sleep at all.

The hotel is full so there was no chance to be moved to a different room.  Now, I must be inconvenienced to move new and my kids to another room.

The hotel is not clean and the pool is gross.

I'm so disappointed with this experience. Doubletree is usually great. This is a failure.

Pésimo servicio no había agua, a las 2:00 solicité unas sábanas y nunca las quisieron dar fui dos veces a recepción a pedirlas y nunca llevaron nada, la atención de recepción es pésima, la comida es mala los horarios son malos

We were coming up to Jersey from Georgia to see ufc 316, and while most of the rooms that would accommodate our family was taken, we were promised that an extra bed would be provided. After traveling all this way we were told that was a fire hazard. These people will make false promises to make a sale

I’m a loyal Hilton guest because they always go above and beyond for their customers.
That being said, this one severely disappointed me. I’m booked here for a conference and the office staff seemed to be overwhelmed.
Any Hilton that I’ve ever stayed at does everything possible to get you a room within a couple hours before check in. My only flight option was in the early AM and I arrived to the hotel using their shuttle around noon.
I was not greeted by the front desk personnel and when I finally approached the desk, the woman snapped at me that there were no rooms ready yet. I was fine with that, I asked if I can just hang out in the lobby but the woman went back to her computer and left me to awkwardly find a place to sit.
I waited another 2 hours to check in with the progress, and I am not the only one who’s been waiting, and I can tell they’re trying to stay “friendly” but it’s a constant letdown of no rooms being ready and no updates being given.
I know I’m early, it’s the only flight option I had, but any other Hilton never made me wait more than an hour for a room.
I understand the situation is out of their control but being friendly and open communication goes a long way.

Update: rooms are ready. They’re making everyone wait to 4pm to start checking in, causing what I’m assuming is going to be a long line because they keep telling people to take a seat and wait to line up at 4pm.

Update again: as evidenced by the photos, they caused a line that’s a least 30 people deep by forcing everyone to wait to 4pm even though the rooms have been ready for a couple hours.

Do not come here.

I would love to give this hotel 5 stars rating,  unfortunately my experience has not been the best! Rooms are outdated and overpriced, AC was not working, I stayed 2 days and housekeeping service was not provided (I asked why, and they told me it's provided upon request 🤨😒🤥). Lobby bathrooms dirty and the smells is so disgusting 😫😞😣. Food menu in the restaurant is very limited, snacks machines out of order and most of all, some of the front desk staff are unfriendly and not very courteous. In overall, customer service, Food and room service should be improved.

Mal servicio, muy costoso

Was there to park for a trip. Staff is very nice and pick up was quick.

Positive: So clean and modern Negative: ""

When I call the hotel, I can get an operator but then they transfer me to the front desk no one picks up. It’s just the only hold music then it hangs up.

Positive: Location Negative: No

They charge me $62.56 for parking  after i paid $185 for a room and i stay for less than 2 hours and when i call the lady in the front desk told me the reason was because i stay 2 days !!! Hows that possible ???  If they have the time of my check in and check out !!! I STILL WAITING FOR MY REFUND 🤬

Very convenient for the airport with free shuttle bus, rooms are average don’t expect better than a 3 star, although customer service is very good from reception team.

It is practical for the airport area, the plates and cups in breakfast are not clean.

Ms Medina Catwell is a great manager. Plenty of gated parking. Clean hotel. Free airport shuttle..

Terrible experience! I got into the shower and there was no body wash left, no bath towels, stained linen. I opened the vanity cabinet to see if there were towels and it was filthy, I don’t even want to know what was there, cement, trash, etc.
Staff was nice and waived my parking fee, however this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel. Never had such an experience in a 4 star hotel!!

Good points are that it is convenient to get to the airport via the freeholder shuttle bus. And the staff show excellent customer service skills. Rooms are big. Nice gym.Bad points are the rooms are shabby, adjoining doors means you can hear your neighbours, bathroom and rooms have seen better days.

⭐ Rating: 3/5
I stayed at this stylish New York City hotel recently and while it has serious curb appeal with its modern interiors and spotless rooms, there was one big letdown—no balcony, even though I booked a “balcony room.” That was a real disappointment.

The overall ambiance was sleek and inviting, but the customer service felt a bit underwhelming and lacked the attentiveness you’d expect from a hotel in this price range. It has potential, but definitely needs improvement on the service front to match the visual appeal.

Would I return? Probably not. But if you’re just looking for a clean, aesthetically pleasing place to crash without the bells and whistles (or a balcony!), it might still work for you.

I was very disappointed with my stay.

To start, the closest elevator to my room was broken, and because this is a very large hotel, I had to walk all the way across the building just to get to another elevator. It was inconvenient from the moment I arrived.

What made the stay even worse was that there was a major music festival happening nearby—something I’m sure all surrounding hotels knew about and were preparing for. After spending the entire day at festival activities, I returned to my room around 3:00 AM exhausted, looking forward to a hot shower and some sleep. Instead, there was no hot water. I was barely able to wash up, and I couldn’t even wash my hair. After a long day, that was incredibly frustrating.

The next issue was with a personal item I accidentally left behind—a magnifying mirror in the bathroom. I called the same day after checking out, while I was still in the area (about 10 minutes away), but no one answered the lost and found line. I then called the front desk, gave them my room number, and explained exactly where the mirror was. Instead of checking the room, they only checked the lost and found area and seemed uninterested in actually helping. I was told to call back the next day and that I’d have to pay to have the mirror shipped to me—even though I was nearby and could have picked it up myself.

Other disappointments: breakfast is not complimentary, and there’s no microwave in the room, which would have been convenient.

The only positive part of my stay was the woman at the front desk during check-in/check-out. She was kind, professional, and removed my breakfast charge after I told her about the cold shower, which I appreciated.

It’s a shame, because this festival happens every year, and hotels in the area should be prepared for guests during such a busy time. Next year, I’ll make sure to book earlier—and stay somewhere else.

Worse hotel ever ,just stay away don't bother. They should just shutdown this place instead ripoff people. Then let's not mention the restaurant "ruth stakehouse" personal rude and unpleasant. I will not use use this hotel never again!!!

I stayed at the Hampton Inn but got coffee at the onsite Hilton Starbucks and was always greeted with very friendly and accommodating staff. In particular I saw Putu nearly all the time and he even gave me a delicious complimentary dessert.

Love it here. I used to go twice a year but I haven’t been able to get there much lately. They hold the Chiller Theatre Convention here & between the two of them it’s a great show/venue. Especially if you get a room & stay the whole weekend.

everything was fine until a surprise 300 dollar “smoke detection” charge, when i am not a smoker . i would avoid this hotel unless you enjoy losing money.

The chef is kind and gave us some freshly baked cinnamon bun and my baby likes it.

The hotel was very nice I had gone to a chill theater convention and it was raining and one of the staff members got me to my car that was about 3 mins away his name is Michael Bellman he was so nice to help me

Went with a family friend who was getting the run around by a third party booker! This is something that so many people are having issues with. Therefore I went with her for moral support being a victim of third party bookings that fall through the cracks and left scrambling for a confirmation. We were greeted by Bella she was very attentive and really listened to the issue at hand. Then looked it up via email and then it was found. This reservation is for her elderly parents we asked if a first floor room was available and she went above and beyond what was previously offered. Highly satisfied with in person service!! Thanks so much, we are happy and recommend to other family and friends!

I spent the weekend at Chiller Theater and had a great stay. Michael the bellman was exceptionally attentive and went out of his way to assist us. Would definitely stay again!

This hotel is a STRICT 4pm Check-in, for this it's a 2 star hotel. If you arrive at the Hampton Inn, which is attached to the same building, they allow you to check-in really early.  I highly recommend not staying here for the STRICT 4pm check-in. Also, the rooms are in need a renovation. Some of the elevators are not working.

After I posted this review, they now how a sign at the hotel desk lobby notating the 4pm check in time. There are a lot of hotels in the area that allow you to check in before 4pm.

DON'T STAY HERE!

1 hilton court Parsippany NJ 07054|The room was nice with acomfortable soft bed.  However Saturday night, I tried to get something to eat at Ruth Chris and met the most rudest staff.  I asked to be seated they said they were booked i said ok I understand, can I order something to take to my room...the fellow said,"you'll have to come back later for it"no explanation.  I asked why I couldn't just wait for it and he looked at me like I had some nerve.  I will never revisit.  However on a good note Michael the Bellman was very, very helpful and kind.  I give Michael A+++ he was wonderful. He helped me what a nice fellow.

Front Desk Ashley M was so helpful.| excellent communication, her ability to communicate and get things done very impressive.|Room was clean and updated.|Highly recommend Hilton Parsippany.

Michael was very friendly and helpful! Made my stay comfortable and had a great time at the chiller convention.

Came in for Chiller! Loved it! The Bellman Michael was the biggest help! Super grateful and Will definitely come again!

The best hotel and staff in northern NJ!

After a very exhausting travel day (from Sint Maarten ) I was greeted with a beautiful smile and warm welcome from Katherin Her kindness and professionalism was greatly appreciated especially after such long tiring day! Thanks Katherin

Best Manager and staff I have stayed with yet! I made a mistake in booking and they fixed it and made my stay great! Thank you to the manager that helped and the front desk staff for just making the stay great

Perfect place for CAE short time student like me. I came for a recurrent on jet plane.
Free transportation with helpful driver in and out school-hotel. Good breakfast inclusive, great restaurant for dinner. Spacious room with  comfortable bed. Late departure allowed friendly staff
I recommend!

Hands down the worst hotel I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with. Booked with a 3rd party for a last minute work trip. Hilton didn’t have the reservation or have a room available for me after providing both confirmation and receipts of my booking. The Hilton must have felt guilty because they began calling nearby hotels to find me a room, they couldn’t. At the moment I offer to drive home, they magically find a room. However, they charged me for it without my authorization, even though I had already paid through the 3rd party, and of course it was a king suite. In essence I was charged well over $500 for one night between the 3rd party and Hilton. Will never stay at a Hilton or any of their brands again.

Stay here only if you think outdated 90’s furniture aligns with “4 star hotel” standards. Also, I called the front desk to ask if they had a toothbrush and they didn’t even offer to bring it up. Had me come down to the front desk to get it at 1 am. Many better options for proper 4 star hotels in the area at the same price point.

객실에서 프론트에 전화하면 전화를 안받습니다.
아침식당은 자리가 없는데 쿠폰을 팔아먹습니다.
방은 방음이 안되고 실내뷰입니다.
미국여행동안 호텔 5개를 방문했는데 이런 거지같은 호텔은 처음입니다. 4성이 맞나..?

Very nice, but everything water related is horrible

I’m giving it a 5 Star ⭐️ because of value & location. There is a staff I would like to give a shoutout is Katherin from front desk she was able to attend to the problems that we experienced during our stay within minutes and a big smile. The hotel is dated but well maintained, overall excellent for 2 nights for its value.

Exactly

We had a wonderful stay at the hotel. A special thank you to Hermione at the reception, who was incredibly kind and always available to assist us with anything we needed. Eric was also extremely helpful, especially in arranging and driving the hotel shuttle to our nearby office always punctual and supportive.
The rooms were clean and well maintained, and the breakfast was enjoyable, with particularly good coffee.
Overall, a very pleasant experience and we would gladly stay here again.

很多房间没有冷暖空调 里面设备很陈旧

I went there to give blood so entered through the conference room entrance. Got to say, it's in need of an update, old-looking carpets and musty smells in conference rooms. I took a walk to the front desk and that looked more inviting, but not someplace I would choose to stay.

Bueno

Friendly staff, love the rooms & conveniently located!

Stayed: Jan 14-15th 2026. Had a terrible experience!
1) Room availability was after 4pm. Coming from DC I had to go to work directly because the room wasn't ready.
2) The rooms only blow heat and NO cooling, i repeat no cooling. So for any hot sleepers, you can't drop the temperature below 70 degrees. I was up all night even after turning the heat off. Although they brought me a fan. The so called window doesn't open more than an inch! Nightmare of a night.
3) Breakfast at their cafe was mediocre at best. Not worth for $20. I will not be staying here to say the least.

Racist hotel. Moe is a bigot who rudely, abruptly and angrily kicks out black patrons. He caters to white patrons and mistreats black patrons which is direct violation of Hilton's Code of Conduct. He should be terminated. If you are black customer look elsewhere. The “Owner” trying to minimize instance of blatant racism when it should be taken seriously. Everyone knows racist bigots weaponize the Police against blacks and those are the hateful, racist tactics this hotel used.

Rooms were in ok condition water damage and wall paper coming off. Couch had a stain. We needed extra blankets they bought what looked like dirty blankets up in giant trash bag.

Front desk staff was very nice.

Building is old but rooms have updated furniture. Bar charges absurd prices for bottles of beer. You can get a six pack down the street for $8 but one beer cost $12. That's a 900% markup, and prices aren't posted. Predatory at best.
Luxury costs for a 3 star experience
Edit: changed to 1 star as there have been no updates or changes in the management of this hotel. Replying to each message with “please call Hilton!!” Is NOT an appropriate response.  Read more reviews, they’re all bad.

Went down a bit

Best hotel experience I could possibly hope for on a work trip. Will absolutely return at every opportunity.

I stayed recently, and Ashley from the front desk made my stay lovely. Her welcoming smile was the fist thing I noticed, she assisted me with finding my room and offered much hospitality, 10/10 staff, would stay again!

I actually stay at the Hampton inn that is attached to the Hilton in Parsippany , New Jersey. I really love this arrangement because you can walk inside from the Hampton inn to the Hilton. So if weather is bad you have that option and the Hilton has Ruth's Chris, as well as a nice bar that serves food and a small Starbucks. Really nice set up.

Superb

First off, the room type I reserved wasn't available because housekeeping didn't get them ready.  Secondly, the tv didn't work, so I left for work at 5am, told the front desk and they said they would take care of it.  They did not.  They sent an engineer to my room after I complained and they said there was a problem with the internet coming into the room and IT would have to look at it.   IT did not look into it, I was not offered another room or any other viable solution to the problem.  They didn't seem to really care, so I really don't care to ever go back to that old, decrepit property.  Learn how to take care of your guests Hilton!!!

The most notable - the food! Food was terrible, the appetizers and main course. Service: most wait staff were great - too many rude, impolite, and clumsy. I am a Hilton fan and I left feeling really disappointed.

Nice and clean hotel . Breakfast was good. There is a Starbucks across the lobby.

Over rated

👍

Nice and spacious hotel.

Not new, but very nice.

NRG restaurant for breakfast was great.

Nice hotel, quiet, clean.

We visited the Hilton Parsippany for a pop culture convention, so this review is about that experience not the rooms or the accommodations. As a convention venue, the Hilton Parsippany does a fantastic job with the space. Being a hotel, the layout is very open, modern, and easily navigable. Of course, plenty of parking, too.

The layout of the meeting rooms provides plenty of space for vendors, celebrity photo ops, and the hoards of people attending the event. While the areas do fill up with shoppers and people trying to get from point A to point B, it all moves rather well.

Attending a convention, regardless of size, at the Hilton Parsippany is a great experience. Navigating where you are and where you need to be is a breeze. The Hilton already has plenty of signage for the various rooms, and the convention added additional signage specific to their event. There is plenty of lighting and high ceilings in most of the spaces. The hotel staff keeps the communal areas clean and swept.

I had a horrible experience during my stay at the Hilton in Parsippany. There were ants in my room, and the toilet was barely functioning the entire stay. Although the hotel offered a complimentary breakfast to make up for the issues, even that was disappointing—there were ants in the brown sugar next to the oatmeal. Overall, it was an unpleasant and frustrating experience that I would not expect from a Hilton property.

I couldn't believe that I was told that the heat hadn't been turned on for the winter yet. There is no way for anyone to know that you are getting cold air from the heat setting. I was told a space heater would be sent up it never was. There were no condiments available for the sandwiches in the pantry either. Very disappointed for the price to be made to be uncomfortable. There only bright spot were the ladies at the front desk. The hotel was very busy and they were under a lot of pressure. It seemed like they had no support from upper management at all. When the hotel has a major event and it sold out it should be all hands on deck.

Great place

Chiller Theatre Expo 2025 was me and my girlfriend’s first time attending, so amazing and super fun

ALERT BEDBUGS - OCTOVER/NOVEMBER My assistant stayed here just 3 days ago, I am posting for her because she doesn't have a Google account. As recent reviewers have reported, THIS HOTEL HAS BEDBUGS. They claim to be "investigating" but its all marketing.

Shocked that Hilton is pushing this under the rug, this is truly an awful plight that causes massive investment and so much money to eradicate them.

I recently stayed at the Hilton Parsippany with my kids, and I must say, it was a fantastic experience from start to finish. The reception staff were warm and welcoming, making the check-in process smooth and enjoyable. They even offered me an upgrade, which was a lovely surprise!

Our room was spacious and comfortable, perfect for a family stay. Throughout our visit, the staff were attentive and accommodating, especially when I requested a late check-out. It made our departure much more relaxed.

Overall, the hospitality at Hilton Parsippany truly stood out. I would definitely return for another stay and recommend it to others looking for a family-friendly hotel experience!

I was here for a convention. No reserved rooms were ready until almost 3 hours after the scheduled check in time. I also found bed bugs in the room and am waiting for the hotel to finish its "investigation"

I hope that the owners and or stakeholders in this property know that you’re in the Hospitality Business. Never in all of my years have I experienced this level of disrespect A piece of advice if you don’t want to take a loss on your investment CHECK your lobby cameras for October 24th. I’ll say no more. I know good people are good to find, but this is totally unexpectable.

I have stayed here before and loved it. This time was a nightmare. There was a huge group staying at the hotel who spent all night running (literally running) around the halls, playing crazy loud music, racing… hotel security couldn’t seem to do anything to make it stop. I had two sleepless nights. Will rethink staying here again.

Really comfortable. Very spacious, nice courtyard

As a lifetime Diamond member never have I’ve been treated like this by staff!  They had a wedding I get it however my room wasn’t available at check-in. They have a room I can use. Didn’t complain sanding the morning we will switch. Didn’t unpack came came down in the morning. room not will call you when ready. Had breakfast came back room not ready. Comeback at 4pm. 6 hours later still no room. Everyone here today has no room and now maybe 6pm
The manager who should be fired offer to cancels everyone reservation with no charge. Then laughs. On a side note I think he may have attended the party the night before. Clothes look like he slept in them. Unshaven and hair all messed up.  His excuse “it is what it, is you can wait or leave”. Now the hotel itself is disgusting. I understand there was a wedding but the hallways smell of vape and smoke. Elevators are broken. Trash everywhere and it’s been there literally all day.  Here is a pic of those that are just waiting with no where to go hoping to get a low floor and making calls to the marriot across the street

Great hotel

뉴욕 그룹투어중 1,2일차와 마지막날 투숙했어여.뉴저지에 있는데 호텔주변엔 아무것도없고 뉴욕에서 30분 전후 걸립니다.호텔이 제법 크고 깨끗하게 관리되어있어요.조식당 오픈전 일찍 출발하고 그룹으로 먹어야해서인지 조식당이 아닌 옆방쪽에서 식사를 하는데 음식이 몇가지없어요.1층 로비에 간단한 식사와 술을 먹을수있는 bar가있어서 두번이용했는데
생맥주병맥주, 와인,스파클링등 주류가 다양해요.

Outdated rooms
Paid parking
Rude staff at front desk and not very knowledgeable
Would not stay again
Personal items left behind from previous guests, which shows me the room was not cleaned.
During the stay a few others that we were with said the same thing and some said it was like the hotel was being run by collage kids.
Not a pleasure experience

The rooms are hot, everything is an extra cost. After going through reviews, it seems like everyone has the same issues with no updates being made.

Positive: It is close to where I need to be.  The rooms are spacious. Negative: We got to the Hilton and they did not have our room.  They sent us to the Hampton next door; and they had no idea we were coming.  Walking back and forth with our luggage was not what I was expecting when I made our reservation months ago.

Positive: Beds were comfortable. Waiter at the restuarant was nice. Negative: The hotel smelled terrible. They did not have the room we reserved. The fridge leaked on the floor and we called to ask for towels and never received them until 30 minutes before checkout. The employees were not helpful.

Positive: "" Negative: The room smelled like old wet carpet and it was humid even with the air the room felt damp I stayed in room 405

Positive: Clean,affordable Negative: N/A

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Went a cat show there and the facility was nice and a great setting for a TICANE Regional affair.

I REALLY wish I could give a zero. Our experience was terrible!!! We were there for a cat show. Got there late and just wanted to go to sleep. Get to the room, we reserved 2 double beds, it was king that thought had a pullout. It did but only 1 side of the couch pulled out. It was literally 80 degrees in the room. Fridge didn’t work. Hubby called down, they said they’d send a tech up. Took them 20 mins to call back and say, couldn’t get ahold of tech and asked if we wanted to just switch rooms. Said they would send someone up with different room keys, that took another 20 mins.
Rooms are small, a/c they lock at 68…when it’s hot & humid outside you have 3 people in that small room 68 is HOT!!! Couldn’t sleep cause how hot it was. It was insane. No lock on bathroom door.
The show room was HOT! And it wasn’t just me. Everyone was complaining about the same things!!
They charge for parking, breakfast.
I’ve literally stayed in holiday inns nicer! Tried to talk to a supervisor several times and kept getting told no supervisor in. Called again today was told the same thing. I said do they ever work? She said I can’t give out there hours, EXCUSE me?!?!?!
NEVER AGAIN!!!! Don’t waste your money on this place!!

The hotel itself is nice enough, but the dining experience really brought the stay down. The breakfast buffet was disappointing—poor selection, not very fresh, and definitely not worth the price.

The service staff in the restaurant seemed uninterested and inattentive, which made the meal even less enjoyable.
The night prior in the lounge, the bartender was equally unprofessional and unfriendly, making it hard to relax and enjoy a drink.

The rooms and common areas were clean and comfortable, which is why I’m giving three stars instead of fewer. However, Hilton really needs to improve its restaurant and lounge service if it wants to live up to the brand’s reputation.

Positive: The fittnes toom Negative: Hotel is too old needs renovation. Tub in shower too slow have wait 8-10 minutes to clear. Was mot a 4 start as advertised

I had a very disappointing experience at Hilton Parsippany. I was charged a smoking fee even though I do not smoke and have never smoked. When I brought this to the attention of the manager, Angie, I was told their system is “accurate” and the charge would not be removed. Unfortunately, that is not true — mistakes do happen, and in this case I was unfairly billed.

This left me feeling frustrated and unvalued as a guest. I expected better accountability and customer service from Hilton. Guests should be aware that you may be charged fees in error, and management may not take responsibility.

I had no reservations and Allen helped right away and got me a room. Great service and understanding of the sudden request. Would definitely recommend this place. :)

The Hilton Parsippany is subpar for the flagship brand. The rooms need updating from the 1980s mostly brown decor.
There is only limited food options available at this location indeed there is NO food option for lunch. Nothing. Walking to outside options is over 1 mile and requires crossing two busy highways.

Absolutely horrible hotel.  Hotel benefits when Morristown hotels are full, otherwise no reason to stay here.  Dusty rooms that haven't been truly renovated.  So large that you need ten min from entrance to your room.  All on an old carpet.  Towels were dirty (brown marks throughout). Location is terrible, nothing in the immediate vicinity.  Only positive is the check-in staff person, very nice.  On check-out, again, sad face looking at you.

Was shocked by this hotel
The lobby was pretty dirty
The staff were not friendly at all
You will have to pay $25 per night for parking
The ice machine was broken
Overall , its pretty disappointing for the money you pay

I didn't stay here. I went for a Lead East car show which was held in the parking lot. I was in the hotel and visited one of the rooms which was very nice. Enough space, clean & had a nice layout. The hotel is big, the outdoor pool looked clean & had enough seating. The landscape was nice. Shopping is not too far away. The people were friendly, relaxed & pleasant. I would stay here.

Tired and old - time for a refresh
Overpriced - expensive-  ie $8.00 for a soda!
Room smelled like smoke .

Nothing as per Hilton Standards. Very outdated, gross lobby, isolated place.

When for the car show.

Old and dated. Customer service is sub par. The only good thing about this place is the steakhouse.

I used a third party app to book my stay.  First thing when checking in they charge to park your car!  This hotel is not in a city or connected in any way to mass transit, so how would you get here without driving?
Sitting on the couch the first night I noticed something on the floor, upon closer examination it is someone’s toenail clippings.  While heading out to the office the next morning I specifically asked if there was daily housecleaning.  The lady at the desk indicated there was.  After work I got back to the hotel to get ready for my meeting and the clippings were still there.

ILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!

Parking is $20 PER DAY! (and not obvious when making reservations online)
Poor selection on TV. Guide doesn’t work.
Room service selection terrible
Facility is quite dated.
AC only goes down to 68, and took many hours to cool down.
Shower takes 5 min to get hot; is at floor level, not sloped properly, has no lip, so drains out of bathroom, soaking room carpet.

Pluses: staff are great!

Terrible stay at Hilton. AC broken, carpets and furniture old and dirty. For Hilton’s price and name, this place is a joke. The front desk never told me my online payment had an issue, instead of just taking a deposit, she charged me again for the stay.

Outdated hotel,

I was at this hotel with a group. Many rooms didn't have working a/c. No blankets for pull out couches.

A nice Hilton, but unusually lacking. Maybe it's a Jersey thing, but no complimentary coffee and no microwave in the room wasn't the worst, but it also wasn't as good as it could be. 🤷

I've never had to pay for parking at a hotel I'm staying at, not sure if this is something that's catching on but took us off guard when we were asked if we drove there. Breakfast is also something that's not included and that's something else we've never had to deal with before.

The pools are nice, open late which is nice, but we won't be coming back. There's other options in the areas that have hotel amenities included.

This is not a 4 star hotel.. my first room did not having working ac. After switching my next room did but the ac units are locked. Room was dirty, crumbs on floor, old feel to it. Hotel is Pay to park, wth? Do not waste your time/money here, go elsewhere.

they have over charged me, i am not satisfied with hilton hotel

I've never been to a hotel that offered nothing complimentary and in fact made you pay more than you bargained for. Upon arriving they required us to pay for parking which I've never had to do for a hotel! It cost us $70 for just a weekend stay! On top of all that there is no complimentary breakfast. I could go somewhere way cheaper for better service.

Positive: "" Negative: They charged me a $300 fee for smoking in the room when I didn’t!  I was shocked. Then I asked to speak to the manager and they said they weren’t available. Then I called the next day and again not available. I’m livid. What a scam

The air quality was terrible and the carpets smell like wet dog. The hotel is dated  and there’s no fan in the bathrooms, our clothes  picked up the smell of the carpet, it’s disgusting. Would never come back here. In addition to this it was claimed that one of our rooms detected smoke and charged a $300 fee, which is not true, no one smokes in our party. I asked to dispute this and the manger Joel Golal has a smog and condescending response. There are other review reporting the same issue about this smoke issue and I strongly believe the hotel is charging people for false claims. This could be a false positive detection but according to Smog Joel it’s 100% correct.  Bad experience

Absolute TERRIBLE experience. First, the app didn’t allow me to choose my own room. They put me in this wing of the hotel that I had to go through swinging fire doors to get to my room. The door to my room had to be unjammed every time I opened it. It really took muscle to get it open.
The daily breakfast. One day the cook didn’t show up until 1/2 hour after breakfast opened. The front desk clerk was wearing a hoodie… at a Hilton. I tried using my digital key at the pool at 9pm. The app told me the pool was closed. The outside pool gate was locked so nobody could use it. In addition to all of that, the hotel did not apply all of my food and beverage credits. When I called, I asked for the name of the hotel manager. The person got extremely defensive and ask me why I wanted to know the name and they were not authorized to give out the general managers name. This is a HILTON. I have never stayed in such a sketchy hotel where the employees refuse to give the GMs name. That should tell you everything you need to. Do NOT stay here.

Positive: Great rate and availability of rooms Negative: Carpet was wet in different sections of the room

There was nothing notable about this hotel. Rooms are needing updates and a deep cleaning, the food and drink at the front desk are way overpriced, and the food at the bar called Apotheca was mediocre. Although, I do appreciate the dedicated vegan option on the menu. It was just a bit too salty to the point it overwhelmed everything else in the dish. I also had a very disappointing experience with the front desk when I was trying to purchase food. The associate at the night desk didn’t want to check me out and insisted I just add my items as a room charge. I explained for business expense purposes it was easier for me to purchase the items separately. After a very lengthy back and forth and waiting close to 30 mins I eventually had success buying some incredibly overpriced snacks.

Wouldn’t recommend this location to anyone passing through.

Well my first room was dirty and my ac was broken. Was moved to another room. Great clean and comfy. Staff never once apologized.   Wish service was better..

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The hotel itself was fine, but the parking felt like a scam. The parking fee is listed during booking but the way it’s enforced is absurd. Paying a third-party company to leave your car in a completely empty lot is honestly trashy, and not on brand with Hilton standards. I will update my review if Hilton removes PMC from the equation and ditches charging for parking in an empty lot.

Update - this does violate brand standards, and I am taking steps to escalate with Hilton Corporate to conduct an audit.

Positive: "" Negative: Very dated air conditioning terrible

Really poor experience at this hotel, especially for the price. Rooms are outdated and not that clean. Was missing basic amenities in the room, like enough toilet paper, and lotion / shampoo / conditioner bottles were empty. We stayed here for a wedding, and the air conditioning did not work in our room (or really anywhere in the hotel it seemed, as the lobby was very hot too). This was a similar experience as others that traveled with us - no one in our group had A/C working in their rooms. It was so hot and humid that we couldn’t sleep. Our friends had even worse experiences, like rooms that were dirty, clogged plumbing, etc. and the manager didn’t help anybody. When we checked out, the hotel staff did tell us they would give us a discount for the inconvenience and poor experience. But when we got the bill a few hours after we left, there was no discount and when I called to ask about it, they stated that the person who told us that didn’t make a note of anything in our reservation, so they would have to raise to the manager to see if anything could be done for us. Still haven’t heard from the manager. I would not ever stay again and will probably try to avoid Hiltons because of this experience.

Disgusting. Somehow got a smoking charge when I don’t smoke……

Key machine was on the fritz. Entire floor smelled like smoke. Ac didn’t turn off and didn’t cool the room. Parking lot was a construction site.

Disappointing Stay – Would Not Return

I stayed at this hotel over the weekend, and unfortunately, it was one of the worst experiences I’ve had while traveling. The room was far from clean — there was visible sauce on the nightstands, and the entire space had a musty odor that never went away. The shower wouldn't drain properly, leaving several inches of standing water, and stepping out of it somehow left my feet dirtier than before.

To make matters worse, the air conditioning didn’t work at all. The room was unbearably hot, like a sauna, and I couldn’t even use the provided blankets without breaking into a sweat. Comfort was completely out of the question.

The one bright spot was the staff at the bar in the lobby — they were friendly and provided good service. Unfortunately, that’s where the positives end.

I usually trust Hilton properties for consistent quality and a comfortable stay, but this particular location completely missed the mark. I would not recommend staying here for vacation or business travel. Instead of providing a relaxing place to rest, this hotel only added stress and discomfort. Save yourself the trouble and book elsewhere.

EDITED TO ADD: I just read another review that detailed the same exact situation we experienced, so it is evident that this is common practice for this business. They will claim you set off a smoking detector in the room (when you have not been smoking). They will then charge you $300 with no mention during your stay or at check out. When you try to dispute, they will claim that there is no possible way there was an error on their part, and, since it is for the safety of the guests, they cannot reverse the charge. Essentially gaslighting you and saying it is your fault. I am appalled at the response from the owner/manager to the previous reviewer and disgusted with the deceitful and dishonest behavior of management of this hotel. AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS.

We stayed at this hotel recently for a wedding in the area. The majority of the wedding party was also staying at this hotel, and all had an absolute sub-par experience. Upon check in, the rooms were not cleaned or prepared (ketchup stains on bedside tables, no toilet paper in bathrooms, etc.). None of our rooms had fitted sheets on the bed. Lotion and conditioner bottles were empty. The rooms were all very hot and humid despite the thermostats temp reading 69 degrees. We believe the AC units were not working throughout the building.

The worst of the experience, though, came at the end of our stay after we checked out. We were hit with a surprise smoking fee of $300 which was not mentioned at the time of check out and we only saw later that day at the airport on our emailed receipt. We were told that the smoking detector in our room was triggered literally 7 minutes after we checked into the hotel. Neither myself nor my spouse are smokers. The hotel told us they would contact us after an “investigation.” We requested to speak with the manager and still have not heard from them. At the VERY LEAST this charge should have been mentioned during our check out so we could contest the claim in person. Overall very dishonest behavior from the staff.

Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND this hotel for any duration of stay. You may as well book a roadside motel for the quality of service and experience and save your money.

I could not get out of this hotel quickly enough. The vents were filled with what looked to be years worth of dust. The AC did not work (except a couple of hours in the late morning). Showers didn’t drain. Our room was incredibly hot and humid. We did not have a working key until 1030pm the first day. The front desk’s solution was to call housekeeping every time we needed in our room. Our superior king was missing amenities that were advertised. We were a part of a large party and out of all of our group, we may have had the best experience and it was still only 1/5 stars. Absolutely appalled at the way some of our friends are being treated. Hilton, you need to reconsider management at this location.

No carts for all our gear (travelled with 2 small children), huge maze of a property to carry our gear around. $20 to park. Room never got below 77 degrees even though it was set it to 68. Would not recommend.

Positive: "" Negative: Paid parking. Air conditioning did not work

Parking is NOT free.  Ground floor smells like horses, no kidding.  Refrigerator was warm, room was too warm (locked thermostat) during recent heatwave, huge water stain on the ceiling in the room.

Very nice hotel, rooms are nice. It shows that there is a hot tub in the pool area but there isn't one. The photos need to be updated. That's false advertising

Food was good, hotel is very nice and clean, service was great, rooms were good but the air conditioning was not working, and it seemed to be like that in most of the rooms. The air would only go to a certain extent, but in this heat it wasn’t cold enough. Other than that, everything else was great!!

Positive: "" Negative: Room 512 has huge water stains on bedroom ceiling.  I was charged unexpected fees for parking.  The thermostat was locked, whole we are in the midst of a heatwave.  I woke up drenched in sweat because the room wasn't cool enough.

There is a parking scam going on in this hotel. First, parking is not free though the place is located in the middle of nowhere. Moreover, they set up a parking system in such a way to  scam you.
They claim that they have nothing to do with the parking. Thus, they cannot automatically charge your credit card even if you request so. You will have to scan a QR code managed by PMC in the parking lot and process the payment on your own. Then the parking software system is so slow that the payment will not appear on your card until the next day. In the meantime, a “ghost” will put a notice on your car in the middle of the night indicating that you did not pay, making you think that your original payment must have not gone through; which prompts you to go ahead and pay again. In the end, you end up paying twice for parking in a place where there are plenty of available parking spots.
When you seek explanation, they will give you the parking company phone number and refer you to them. Not to mention that they are very rude about it. It is definitely a scam.

Hilton Member- Im not even sure where to begin with this property and its management. Called numerous times for a lost item and to verify possible intrusions into our room- never received a clear response from manager after many delays. To this day, Manager (Joe) failed to return our call after confirming so. Not to mention,  Housekeeping opened our room door (while a Privacy sign was on)without any warning after we had confirmed checkout time yet Hotel manager states he has full record stating otherwise. Furthermore, the defensive attack and the constant accuse by the Hotel Manager was unbelievable as he completely failed to understand the gravity of our situation. It has been over 4 weeks and our lost item seems to have disappeared in thin air. Further escalation in place.

You have to pay to park.  I don’t know why since it is in a business area and there was plenty of parking.

Beware of unauthorized charges and faulty air quality sensors.

I waited a few weeks before posting this review in hopes that Hilton Parsippany or Hilton Customer Care would work with me to resolve this issue but have been greeted with 100% silence. Completely disappointed in the Hilton brand.

My stay at the hotel was uneventful, until I returned home to see a credit card charge for $300+ USD. As I prepaid, I assumed someone made an error and charged me for the room twice. Upon checkout I was told I had a zero balance. I contacted the hotel through the app. It appears an air quality trigger was set off in the room. The hotel claims someone was smoking or vaping in the room. I was traveling with my two young sons. I can assure you, we do not smoke!

Upon contacting the manager, Joe, via phone, I was told the AQI was 500! The highest he has ever seen. I looked this up and if it was truly 500, we would have been evacuating the hotel or someone would be knocking down our door. This apparently happened on my 2nd day. Why was not notified? If I was, I could have had them come to the room and verify no one smoked. I was made to feel that I was lying and there was no way these 'new sensors' could be wrong. It's never happened, they say.

The hotel has not provided any proof of smoking, they have not been able to provide me with any report, nor have they provided a receipt for this charge. The Corporate team states they have to stand behind the hotel, despite the fact they cannot see the charges on their side? Doesn't the hotel have to reconcile their books? Why can't corporate see this?

I have also followed up with the General Manager, Anish. Again no response.

Net, beware of this hotel's practices. You may be surprised by a charge that was more than your original stay?

Nice clean hotel.  A little dated, but clean, safe and secure.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

$20 PER NIGHT TO PARK HERE. The parking lot isn't gated or locked in any way, there's no reason to charge for parking whatsoever. The Hampton Inn is in the SAME BUILDING and you get more value for the dollar there, free breakfast and parking.

Had a garden facing room and the door leading to the outside would not lock. They had a plastic pipe as a safety mechanism instead. No hot water when we arrived so had to take a cold shower in order to get ready for a wedding. Bathroom door would not shut properly or lock. And main door had to be slammed a few times before it shut properly. Needs a lot of improvement.

No hot water, booked an adjoining room and they did not honor it even though the booking clearly stated it. It was also too crowded. The room was ok but really old and maintenance issues all over like the bathroom door wouldn’t shut. I won’t be coming back

Air conditioner didn't work, sleeping wasn't possible in the heat.  No hot water. The drapes were transparent,  so whether you like it or not you're getting up with the sun.  I'm kind of shocked this is a Hilton hotel. I'd like to give no stars, but I needed to put one to write the review.

Was here for junior prom. They all had a blast.

Place is clean. Comfortable rooms. Bed and pillows nice. Clean bathroom. But the place can use a reset. The decor is old and worn and dark. It's not bright and cheery.

I would have provided a much higher review of this hotel but the issue is how they treated my sister.  My sister and I travelled to Parsippany to attend a family event.  She brought her two sons along and she had a separate room.  the stay at the Hilton was non-eventful.  Wasn't aware that I would be charged parking but that is not a huge deal.  The major complaint was that my sister was charged a $300 smoking fee the day after we checked out.  My sister, obviously complained, and was told that the report from the 3rd party company said that the reading in her room was 500 which is Health warning of emergency conditions: everyone is more likely to be affected.  How can a room have a air quality index of that range.  My sister and none of her kids smoke.  The time they say the smoke detector went off was at 9am in the morning when she was ironing.  My sister has complained but they say the AQI is the highest they have ever seen but I believe the detector is malfunctioning.  To all that choose to stay at this hotel....please be aware.  This is the worst service I have ever experienced.  They are calling my sister a liar but how can a room have a AQI of 500?????  To me this is a cash grab.  Shame on you Hilton Parsippany.  Hilton has lost a customer for life.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The good: Hotel staff is friendly, room was spacious and fairly modern with comfortable beda and nice linens. The bad: Paid parking ($20) when the parking lot is enormous and the Hampton Inn side is free? A scam. Breakfast is $25, also a scam. But worst of all, it rained all night and the window leaked, and the carpet was soaked the next morning. Called the front desk to let them know and was told, "Ok." Lovely!

The rooms are okay but overpriced for their condition. The drawers in the night stands were missing. We assume something on it broke so they removed the broken drawer to make the night stand usable. Which is fine for a lower priced hotel but not for a room that's almost $180. a night and over $200. with taxes.

Positive: The room, the bed was very comfortable. Comfortable couch..good size fridge Negative: Guests have to pay for parking,  why are guests paying for parking when there is more than enough parking spots available

For the past several years I have been a Hilton Diamond member and at times have had more than 1 million reward points on my account.  I have stayed at this location several times and generally have had positive experiences.  The check-in staff was polite and professional, the physical plant is clean, rooms are large and comfortable.  However, I was extremely disappointed and frustrated with the lack of customer service that I received from the overnight staff at checkout this morning.  He rudely dismissed my concern about the lack of hot water and made condescending facial expressions and body gestures with his response that he will inform the manager.  He was not wearing any identification and would not provide his name when requested.  He sarcastically wished me a good day when I was approximately 20 feet away, exiting the hotel.  I have reached to the Diamond Desk, a representative indicated that the hotel manager was in a meeting and would contact me shortly.  Late in the day, I received a follow-up email from guest services indicating that I should have received correspondence from the manager, which I have not.  I would highly recommend that you avoid this location and utilize other Hilton locations for lodging.

I wouldn’t wish this on anyone. NO ONE should Be subjected to dirty sheets after paying over $200 for 1 night stay .  I am truly disappointed. Please be sure to check your sheets and wipe everything down because they obviously aren’t doing it. The front desk staff was nice and they did refund me my parking money. Unfortunately, I won’t be staying here ever again

Went to a show there.

Hotel is ok, has good amenities, but charging for parking with a huge parking lot in an area where no one else charges for parking is ridiculous.

Pricing in snack area not consistent with register. Needs renovation

It's the best hotel I've ever stayed at. If you don't have your own transportation, nothing is within walking distance, but everything you could ever want is nearby if you don't mind to Lyft or Uber. A wonderful steakhouse in the hotel. If that's too pricey, the bar in the lobby has amazing food at very reasonable price. A breakfast cafeteria and all you can eat buffet only in the morning. I stayed only two nights on business but would stay a week or longer for a vacation. Very, very clean room and friendly hospitality.

Was here for a convention, absolutely loved it, clean place, great food, friendly service.

It was a great place to have our Annual OU Kashrus Conference. The place was amazingly clean and it was very luxurious.

Positive: comfortable bed Negative: YES! My room had no AC. mainataince said they dont have the part. The toilet kept running and no one came to fix that...so I had to. There were no parking spots left as they had a full house convention going on. I paid $----/night and want a refund

I come to this hotel to attend a convention twice a year. The hotel is beautiful. It's extremely clean. I love the Lobby bar. However, the bartenders take a long time to finally see you so they could serve you. But I understand because the bar is always crowded during the conventions. The hotel needs to turn up their air conditioner when these conventions are in full swing because it is disgustingly hot. However, when I went up to my room, the hallway is cool and the air conditioner is running. My room was clean. I just wish they would change the flavors of the coffee that they provide. The coffee is disgusting. I love the fresh clean linen. The shower is great! The bathroom is very up-to-date and modern. I'll definitely come back and stay at this particular property again. Check in and checking out was fast and smooth.

Not going  here ,But if there was no 12'x12 Tiny sign  I would  Never have  find  this  hotel.  Needs about a $20M update

Positive: "" Negative: there is no mmicrowave in the hotel, even small motels provide microwaves in rooms but here they doent have them

I’m very disappointed i actually booked this hotel for the pool and unfortunately the pool was closed on a Sunday especially on Easter because the chlorine levels was too high. I feel that they should maintain the pools during the night time when the pools are closed.

Bien situé, près de l'autoroute,  pas in Hilton récent,  mais propre, bon lit et calme. Aucun bruit.  Un beau steakhouse sur place à l'intérieur qui ferme à 10 hr et un beau bar sur place à côté du lobby. Arrivé trop tard pour aller y manger. Dommage..
Petit dépanneur sur place avec chips , liqueur, sandwich. Belle Piscine intérieure.
Et en face l'autre côté de la rue un Miller Ale house ! En ligne payé 113$ jeudi saint 2025.

Extremely outdated hotel. Building is half Hilton half Hampton Inn which seems appropriate. The biggest disappointment is the ridiculous cash grab parking. Enormous parking lot. $20 A DAY!!! For their own parking lot! As a lifetime diamond member who has been to many Hilton properties this one ranks up there in the bottom 5.

Positive: "" Negative: The AC in the room did not work, the water in the shower did not drain and by time the shower was over the tub was filled with water the shower pressure was terrible and close to just a trickle.

Worst hotel room I’ve had in 10 years. This place needs a renovation really bad. Carpets dirty and stained. Furniture in the room at least 30 years old. HVAC system is from 1980 blows air too strong on you all night. Bathroom in disrepair. You wouldn’t think this would be allowed by Hilton in Northern NJ where people have jobs and money. Front desk staff untrained and clueless. Took dry cleaning to desk and next day they tell me sorry it never went out. How is that even possible. These employees have no idea how to run a hotel. Stay here at your own risk.
A Courtyard is a MUCH better choice. The outside of the building looks nice but don’t be fooled. This place is a dive.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Eric from the sales team for their exceptional accommodations at the last minute. The conference room provided was comfortable and efficient. The overall stay was great, and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. I will definitely continue to book stays at the Hilton Parsippany.

Overpriced and outdated. Furniture beat up in room. No free breakfast. Have to pay $20 parking even though it's a large parking lot.

We did not use any services. Just slept there. The room was real nice, but, the walls seemed thin. I could hear people talking while they walked down the hall.
The bathroom seemed a touch smaller than it should have been.

Lobby is renovated but the rooms are a bit dated. Fire alarm went off one night for no reason, everyone had to evacuate. Management made no attempt to apologize or provide compensation for the incredible inconvenience. After writing Hilton about this, still no response.

Horrible stay.  Made the mistake of paying up front to get better weekly rate.  Never again. Service has been terrible.  Asked for a manager at the front desk and was told there is no manager on the premises! Heat alternates between freezing cold and sauna like heat  Returned to the room after 4 pm today and room had not been cleaned. Front desk said it’s a little bit late for that!!! We have stayed in many hotels.  This was the absolute worst. .
Update: switched us to a new room last night(we moved our own stuff of course). Came back at 5 pm to a room that had not been cleaned. We went to the front desk when we left to confirm it would be done. Unbelievable. Staff just handed us a bag of sheets and towels at 6 pm.  Can’t make this stuff up.
Update. And the fun continues. They finally cleaned our room. But we got off the elevator last night to walk into a wall of rollaway beds scattered about. Still there this morning. Food left in greasy bags in hallway all night. Now our sink appears to be leaking.  One elevator not working. More photos

The meeting room chairs were horrible, they could be better.

Great location to be near my corporate office. The staff is very professional, courteous and helpful. Sadly, the rooms are outdated with old furnishings, carpet, drapes and amenities. Having a Ruth's Chris attached is a saving grace.

Great place to stay. Enjoyed  dinner at Ruth's Chris steakhouse

Greetings. I dont want to make this a race thing but I was left with no choice. So, I have on a camouflage jacket and a head covering. Just in case you want to fact check me. In a normal and a nonpredjudice hotel, you would get the spiel of, breakfast time, where to park your car based on your room location, wifi, roomservice and restaurant/bar information. That is a 2 to 3 minute process. The shorter front desk staff member. checked me in, took my card for incidentals and gave directions to the elevator. That took 1 minute, and i had to return to the desk (check the cameras) to ask for wifi and breakfast time....

Positive: Room was comfortable and quiet. I slept really well due to the bed being comfy and unlike alot of hotels the heat didn't kick on and off all night. Negative: ""

Huge place....

Nice location . Went here for the chess tournament .z rooms were ok .. service could be better . Restaurants not many inside . Steakhouse was there but not my types . Starbucks was closed mostly and even if they open , they only accepted cash . Swimming pool and gym was good .  Average experience. .. 3 stars ⭐️ ⭐️⭐️

I stayed at this hotel for a chess tournament and had a terrible experience from start to finish. I booked my stay expecting the special chess tournament rate, but I was shocked to find that I was charged the regular rate—double the discounted price ($280 vs $140)  after i checked out and see the receipt in email. No one ever confirmed my rate or the fact that my booking included breakfast when i checked in, so we ended up paying extra for something that should have been included. When I brought this up to the staff, their attitude was dismissive, essentially blaming me for not confirming in advance and saying there was nothing they could do since I had already checked out.

Beyond the billing issue, the hotel itself was in poor condition. The facility is outdated and not well-maintained. The bedding and the quilt had holes, shedding feathers everywhere—my son even joked that there must be a dead bird inside. The room phone was completely non-functional, forcing me to go downstairs whenever I needed something. To top it off, I experienced a short power outage while in the elevator and almost got stuck.

Overall, this was an extremely frustrating stay. Between the unexpected charges, unhelpful staff, and subpar conditions, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Definitely not worth the money, and I would advise others to stay elsewhere.

Service was terrible! Lied about parking payment, so many confusion between staff members, wouldn't comp or refund us after they messed up the parking. Can't give out an extra duvet even though they probably have plenty. Their extra blankets look like they're from a dumpster, when they could get perfectly fine ones for 5 bucks at Walmart. They act like a nice rich fancy place but are cheap and snobs. They do not go above to help their guests.

Update:
My reservation had check-in time of 3pm and I was told Hilton recently changed check-in time to 4pm. I have been waiting since morning at hotel asking if they can let me in early or even at 3pm, but front desk wasn’t at all helpful and were adamant that I can’t check in before 4pm. So frustrating …

Comfortable stay. Microwave and ice in the lobby. Able to connect Hilton honors membership when you check in

Good location, close to NYC. Comfortable rooms ,quiet place.

Great stay

Love this place!  Had an amazing time!  Ivy & the staff are incredible.
Pool was very fun 😊

It’s 20 degrees out and I got a room with a broken heating unit. It either heats full blast beyond the set temperature or not at all.

Did not stay at the Hilton but we ate at Ruth's chris. Phenomenal

Ryan was very helpful

Other than the fire alarm going off at 6:00 am, my stay was fine

Old Hilton. Showing the signs of its age. HVAC in my room didn’t work.

Kind of a dump.  Good /nice staff but old gross hotel. Only real plus is that they allow dogs and most other hotels in the area do not.

Love the hotel. Second stay! Diana at the front desk helped us with all our needs and made sure we had a great stay! Will definitely return again.

Ruean was very helpful

Hotel over all was ok.  Indoor pool was very nice.  Just very surprised at the cost did not include some type of breakfast.  Went to front desk to ask where to get coffee they said in the small store next to front desk.
Went to grab a coffee until I saw the price of $6 for a small coffee. You would think at $250 for a night stay, they could atleast throw in a free coffee

We chose this hotel because size of convenience of the location and due to its higher ratings than other hotels. Also due to lack of a better option. However this hotel was not the least expensive by any means. The hotel had a big party that was not in their conference room they were all over the hotel making noise and not watching their kids. Then we went up to our room and the hallway smelled like cigarettes, weed, dog and mold. The room was disgusting it had brown crust on the front of the cabinet, white stains all over the couch, the room smelled like mold, the bathroom bin had garbage from another person, none of the garbage cans had liners put in and there was hair in the bathroom. Additionally, the heat was not on when we arrive and it was 60 degrees in the room. All night there was jumping above us and then at 6:30am the fire alarm went off so we proceeded to leave the room and another family coming back up told us it was a false alarm. We got ready to leave because we were fed up with the experience at that point, but 20 minutes later the alarm was still going off, no staff ever reached out to inform us to leave or stay and we never saw any emergency responders in the facility. It is a disgrace and we never stay in hotels but will definitely not choose a Hilton again.

Diana at the reception was incredibly helpful—she made the check-in process smooth and completely stress-free.

We mainly stayed in the hotel so I don't know what the area is like.  The hotel is beautiful with lots of areas to sit and lounge. The indoor pool was perfect.
I'm looking forward to going back.

Rujean was very helpful with checking in

Ru was realy nice at the  desk

I was planning to stay for two nights for a conference and needed to have my Tesla charged for my trip.  I asked if there was an EV charger on premises and the representative said no. I then asked if there was any EV chargers in walking distance and the representative said “ I have no idea”. I did my own search and found an EV charging right across on Rt 10 in walked distance to the hotel. The fact that the representative couldn’t even be bothered to ask is shocking. I can’t imagine I’m the only traveler who asks for nearby charging. Anyway I booked my stay at another location.

Diana was very professional and she gave me excellent customer service!

Ruean at the desk was very friendly

Ruean was very friendly

Ruean was nice very helpful

Ruean was very nice

Ruean was very nice

Ruean was great at the desk very helpful

Excelentes instalaciones, comodo, seguro, amabilidad en la atencion, recomendado.

Got here earlier than usual, the staff has been exceptional from the moment we got in, also asked RUlean(staff) whether we could check in little early and he was very cool and nice about it and accommodated us with an exceptional room, highly recommend!

Diana, the downstairs receptionist, was so helpful and kind. As a someone who travels I always appreciate those who are super stars at customer service and she was amazing. Very thankful for all of her help! The rooms are also very nice and a nice size ( we got a double) and the lighting is very comfortable as well.

Diana at the front desk was very helpful. I must have booked the wrong room type and she was very accommodating in helping us fix it.

Ruean and Diana were great at  the front desk

Great hotel and staff. Ruean was great

Booked a king hotel for a wedding MONTHS ago. Show up to check in and told they gave the room away and there’s nothing they can do about it. So now my wife and I have to sleep on a tiny bed. Never informed that the room was not available until we showed up. Had I know I would have booked another hotel elsewhere. Pathetic.

Great hotel!  Very good price, and such comfortable and clean rooms.  The beds were great, shower was nice, rooms were spacious, and no complaints at all.

Note, the parking says that it's not free, but the front desk can give you a voucher for free parking.  We only stayed one night and they gave it to us for free, but I don't know about more than one night.

In room bathroom water was stucking i did call desk and they never came to fix issue. Also did call to clean room and never show.

Rooms are extremely outdated, the smell bad and are not a Hilton Full-Service level. The staff can only do so much with the poor product.

Clean. Great food offering with Ruth's Chris. Friendly bar staff.

Home of the Chiller Theater Convention

Old hotel with very dark bedrooms… needs some work. There was also a group of people hanging outside my window, drinking and smoking and making a lot of noise. I had to call 4 times to the front desk to complain, and they could not ask them to stop being that loud, so I finally asked to be moved to another room (which was even worse than my previous one). They also cancelled my shuttle without notice. The room service was very bad aswell… took 1:05 hours to bring a dry steak to my room… and forgot to bring desert. Very disappointing experience overall, I would never go to this hotel again

Great staff great food

Staff and food was fantastic......hotel needs major renovation...completely out of date.

Sleepy older hotel. Pretty well maintained. The window on my room didn't seal completely, so the road noise was pretty constant but not horrible. Conference meals were good.

One of the most inferior, as in quality of customer service you can get. The front desk cannot even tell you who is Managing the place. And one person has to ask another with department can help. Got over charged in booking, and no one was able to do anything to help resolve issue!!

Dangerous and Unethical – $1800 in Property Damage and Zero Accountability from Hilton Parsippany and Corporate

My experience at Hilton Parsippany was deeply unsettling. During my stay, $1800 worth of personal property was damaged in my hotel room while I was absent from the room. The room and the hotel itself were in disrepair, not up to basic standards, raising immediate concerns about the quality and safety of the environment. When I reported the damage to hotel management, instead of addressing the issue, they stalled and then dodged responsibility with deceit.

After weeks of delays and evasion, their so-called "legal department" resorted to aggressive phone calls, attempting to intimidate me rather than resolve the issue. I was left with no choice but to file a police report and lodge a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. Throughout the entire process, the hotel employed stalling tactics and provided misleading information to evade accountability.

What made this situation even worse was how both Hilton Parsippany (specifically Mohamed Abdelrehim) and Hilton Corporate (Donna Balch of Hilton Executive Customer Relations) handled the aftermath. They falsely claimed to the Better Business Bureau that I had not responded to their attempts to contact me about an insurance claim. In reality, they ignored my repeated efforts to find a resolution, responding only with empty platitudes about safety and high standards in their replies to my online reviews.

This hotel's behavior raises serious concerns about its integrity and respect for guest safety. If you're considering a stay at Hilton Parsippany, I strongly advise against it. They not only failed to take responsibility for the damage but made the situation even worse through their unprofessional and dishonest handling of the issue.

If you care about your personal safety and receiving honest, professional treatment, avoid Hilton Parsippany at all costs. The complicity between the Hilton Parsippany and Hilton Corporate is deeply troubling and reflects a systemic failure to prioritize guest welfare.

It’s quite far from city center but might be pretty convenient if your offices are close by. The building looks a bit old, however all rooms seems to be refurbished since it’s pretty acceptable: large bed, comfortable living room space and brand-new restroom plus huge TV… not a bad choice at all!

Rooms are clean, service friendly and close to highways.
No dinner and no bar. Breakfast in the am.

Unfortunately an old hotel under the surface. Beds comfy- that’s the one star. Some people complaining of their room being too hot - others freezing and needing a space heater. Toilets broken with no spare parts, room doors without enough battery to open, waiting long periods (+ 50 mins) for ppl to come fix things, rusting fixtures (the what should be cool bedside lamp, the ac vents), in room safes not working, strange patches on carpets, tired furniture even in the lux rooms, elevators out of service. Also please don’t be fooled by the response from them below. They were very well aware of the issues as they have text messaging support,  which was useless, made false statements which only escalated the issues then compounded the issue by repeatedly (without prompting from me) txting messages which were not on topic… so much so I had to block them in the end.

I stayed at this hotel because I was attending the Smallville Convention yesterday.  I made my reservation a long time ago. I checked in online. I was sent a digital key when the room was ready which was at 12:30 which was great after waiting in line for autographs and avoiding check in at the desk.   We went up to room and it was really hot in there.  We turned thermostat to the lowest it would go which was 68.  Room had issues.  Went to get tp and it flew off the holder, it had no end.  No microwave, dresser was chewed up at bottom corner with wood chippings on the floor.  Left the room and came back about about an hour later and had to call desk because it was 75 in the room.  They sent a maintenence work up and he came to the conclusion that the AC was not working, eventhough new thermostat was put in 2 days ago.  We had to move rooms to across the hall, we had to pack all of our stuff back up.  The maintainence person was great, he gave us 2 actual keys to the new room and they sent a different digital key.  The  thermostat in this room went to 60 degrees.  After we got all moved we then had to get ready to go to event downstairs.  I have back problems and we waited in line for quite awhile.  After event, we ordered food and had to wait in lobby for delivery. The couches in lobby are literally brown from people sitting on them.  That was about an hour.  Head back up to room, I'm barely making it back up there because of my back.  Go to open door, the digital key won't work and the actual key won't work.  I call the number it says to call on my phone and it tells me that number is not good, to call the hotel number.  I call the hotel number, no one answers. Waited about 2 minutes.  Tried again, someone answers and they send somebody up to let me in my room.
This hotel needs an overhaul.  The rooms are not the greatest and it's a Hilton.  I would not stay here again.

I was in charge of a class reunion.  I looked at many venues.  The Hilton was the most expensive , but by far the nicest.  The staff worked with me to make my budget work, and on the day of the event were so helpful.  The tables were beautifully set with china. The food was exceptional, from the very fresh salad to the delicious dessert. The food staff was attentive and friendly.
Many classmates traveled to the event and stayed at the Hotel. They had nothing but great things to say. The event was a huge success and I thank the Hilton for their help in making it so.

Awesome place to take the Señorita for a few hours

We went for an event. The hotel is very large. The hall was very hot. And the bat was very expensive.

Attending The Lead East car show today.
Sadly there wasn't a lot of cars to look at. There were some magnificent cars though.

It is what it says it is - a 3 star chain hotel.  Clean, old and big.

Lovely Ambiance! Excellent reception and customer service from start to finish!
You also get a follow-up text checking up on how you are enjoying your stay. The room is neat and clean! There are swimming pools, conference rooms, fitness rooms, cafe ,restaurant,  everything needed for a beautiful stay! I almost did not want to leave, lol.. I ENJOYED MY STAY and I'll visit again 😊 and again!

The hotel and rooms are well maintained. The reason for such low review is the attitude of employees, Our room had a pull out bed, but no extra bedding was in the room. Called front desk for extra pillow and bedding. Two hours passed, and no one had dropped off bedding. I was leaving room to attend an event, and there was a housekeeping person in the hallway in front of my room. I attempted to ask if she had the bedding, but she was on her phone having a personal conversation and was totally ignoring me. I finally had to interrupt the housekeeping lady, who then rudely told me to call the front desk. She then turned continued to talk on her phone and again just ignored me. This is totally unacceptable behavior for an employee to treat a customer, There were plenty of ways to correctly deal with that situation, and either employees are not trained properly or this employee just didn't care. Whatever the case management should deal with this immediately.

Very spacious Superior Room with king sized bed. We came with an infant and small dog and there was plenty of space to set up our playard on one side of the room and my pumping station on the other side. Loved that there was a long couch area to hang out with the baby. Very family friendly. Plenty of ice in the hotel to fill my milk chiller for our long car ride up north. There’s a pool which we will have to try next time we are here. Black out curtains are a godsend with kids. Our little one slept without waking for the first time ever since he was born.

Room was ok.  No bags in the trash cans, and the coffee creamer had expired.  House keeping knocked on our door at 9:57 am and told us checkout was at 10:00, so we had to scramble to get out of the room.  Transpired that checkout was at 11:00.  Food choices very limited and ludicrously expensive.  There have to be better hotels in this area.  I would not return!

Only lobby can use the WiFi, asked for help they always it’s going to fix and do nothing. Counter staff treated foreigner really bad.
It was the horrible hotel I have been!

Awesome Room, Indoor Heated Pool and a Ruth Chris in the Lobby💪🏻

My company had a meeting here last week.  While the main public areas and a large portion of the meeting space was in good shape, meeting rooms down the room hallways and rooms themselves are desperately in need of a full renovation.  Everything outside of the renovated meeting space had a musty smell and the hotel just felt damp overall.  Difficult to understand how Hilton allows a hotel with rooms in this condition to bear its name.  Conference staff was the lone bright spot as they were tremendously professional and pleasant.  Would recommend for meeting use as the space and staff was s9lid.  Would not recommend staying overnight

Recently, I came to this Hilton as a pageant contestant for a huge pageant that Hilton Parsippany hosted. I was very upset for this to be the Hilton, and they made my stay unpleasant.  I have lyme disease, so with the temperatures throughout the hotel and especially my room made my condition is not good. I complained several times and they switched my room which was worse. The elevator was broken, causing me to take the stairs. The staff had no management, and they had fans throughout the hotel. My bathroom was dirty, and the tub was gross. I cleaned it myself. Housekeeping seemed lazy if you were in your room when cleanings took place, and they walked past your room. Food was gross, especially breakfast. I wish I could give zero stars. Messed up my concentration with something that was so important to me

Came here back in June, last month. Our bathroom ended up flooding, for an unknown cause, which ended up flooding the entire room and I’m pretty sure other people experienced the same issue. This happened around 2-3 in the morning so only one front desk worker was working and unfortunately, it was his first day on the job :(. He did an outstanding job and got us to a new room immediately and took care of the situation for all of us. I don’t remember his name but he was awesome and couldnt have asked for a better worker to help. There was at least 9 of us that he had to deal with.

(EDIT!!) Nope!! It was this exact hotel , no confusion.

FILTHY. DO NOT STAY HERE. Urine on the toilet in our first room, along with hair in the bathtub and fridge wasn't even cold. Second room had hair in the bathtub and dirty stained bed covers. Third room had FEECES on the toilet and more hair on the tub, along with a dirty bed. These rooms were supposedly double checked by a young foreign boy named Rafa who clearly can't see filth if it was standing directly in front of him. This was the worst experience we have ever had at a Hilton and we will NOT be staying at another Hilton again. ABSOLUTELY FOUL. 2 of the 3 elevators are BROKEN. My mother who has had lots of hip trouble had to walk up and down flights of stairs to move our stuff from dirty room, to dirty room. Front desk girl couldn't care less. NO MANAGER ON DUTY. We literally had to leave and come to the Marriot after being given THREE filthy rooms with BIOHAZARDS.

I travel a ton for business.  This was a very big hotel and i bet they host a lot of meetings.  The rooms look like they have not been refreshed in at least one or two cycles.  mine had a super low ceiling in the bathroom, like 6.5' low.

the bar and bartender were great.  I tried to have breakfast but the line was about 14 people deep with many open tables.  I asked and was told only one person was working.  That is after the elevator seems to have broken during the night on my wing.  Forgot to mention the desk in my room did not have any power outlets at all.  The desk chair was missing its wheels.  I tried to get it replaced but could not find anyone at the front desk.

We were here for Shenanicon. The lobby AC was completely malfunctioning, leaving It sweltering and humid from the fountains. This would be okay if the rooms were cool, which they were not. AC in the rooms were marginal at best. You'd think that the hotel could have anticipated cooling issues for the hottest week of the year while knowing their census volume was going to be at a peak, but I'm not sure they did.

Front desk staff was incredibly apathetic towards the issue and brushed off the concerns of reasonably confused patrons as to why the rooms were so hot, and did not offer any sort of support unless you pulled teeth.

The rooms themselves had foul smelling bedsheets and mold was present in the bathroom.

If you want to pay the extra 75 dollars to bring a pet or have health issues - just don't. It will not be a safe or enjoyable stay for you.

The breakfast was nice, but what visually appeared to be mold was growing at the Omlette bar.

If you are looking to host a convention here, do not. The hotel staff dropped the ball multiple times and left us to hang without any water apart from their ridiculously priced cafe water bottles after dark, unless you wanted to drink one the hardest tap waters in the nation.

Air conditioning works in hallways but not room. Paid way to much to have no ac during a heat wave. Have thermostat set to 60 and its 72 and humid im my room. They claim someone came to fix it but its still not working. This is not what you expect staying at a hilton. They did nothing and No manager on staff. Do not book here in the summer. Very uncomfortable stay on first night with 2 more to go. Ridiculous 🥵

Starbucks!!!!!!! Have been coming here since 2017 on a yearly basis. Sandra works the Starbucks inside the hotel and has been the best service and comfortable atmosphere when ordering and sitting doing work. Starbucks is the best kept secret with Sandra at the espresso machine. They are open around 6AM to noon daily.

Rooms are getting grungy and housekeeping has been missing crucial cleaning points, especially in the bathrooms.  Been seeing the steady decline over the past year, and have been coming here for the past 4 years.

checking in a bit of a problem with the offered rate, what i was being charged, however later it was adjusted by someone who knew what they were doing.
Also, the only place to have breakfast is painfully small with few seats. For big groups, this is a big problem.
It is a beautiful place and all in all  it was an enjoyable time.

Staff is excellent! Love this Place!!!Relax ,you are in Heaven!!!

Rooms were very clean, indoor pool was very nice.  Pet Friendly

My family will not be staying at this hotel again.  We had booked our stay for 3 nights but advised the staff at check-in that we would be leaving after 2 nights.  Our card was charged for 3 nights.  I've made calls and sent a copy of my receipt from check-out.  The problem has never been addressed and I have not gotten credit for the 3rd day charged on my card.

I enjoyed my stay with my wife and got great service from Angie at the front desk.

The location was clean and I really enjoyed my short stay! The staff was kind, especially Angie at the front desk who helped me find near by locations to shop and helped  me with my late check out. Would definitely recommend!

If room temperature is important to you - this is not the spot! If the gym is important to you, this is not the place to be! So disappointed in this Hilton - was supposed to be here for 11 days but will be checking out early and finding something else.

As of 4/2 - Room 513: ac broken in room, wouldn’t drop below 74 degrees, blowing warm air despite being set on 65 - call maintenance who advised to open the window and brought a fan. Woke up to the room being 84 degrees. Said the hotel was on “heat mode”- nothing they could do.

Moved rooms the next morning, coworkers complained of the same experience. This new room has the same issue :(

Went to the gym which is not at all as pictured on the website and all the treadmills are out of order. It’s in a small room with no windows.

Not at all as advertised and sincerely disappointed for the price. Even the Ruth’s Chris in the hotel was a let down (great server - food was not worth the price whatsoever, more of an Outback/Longhorns experience).

No issues with staff. Everyone seems nice!

Outstanding.  Not to be missed

Awesome staff.  Trained wonderfully...and beyond (or prior to that), I think they were all selected as they were good people to begin with - well mannered, thorough in their jobs and with great smiles no matter what they had to do.  Our late night party they kept well under control and corrected a mistake in planning by the staff running the event...they did it with a smile and candor that kept it from going sideways!

Pleasant stay but outdated room and sheets didn’t smell fresh. House keeping took my chargers and manager couldn’t be bothered to come out the back room. Front desk was pleasant he took my info but I never heard from them.

Event attendees camping/sleeping in the lobby a bit outputting.  What happened to getting a room.  Some of us did the right thing.

The ceilings are low in the hallway and room.  Anyone over 6’ beware.  The room furniture is outdated with lots of cuff marks.  The beds are small.  The fridge is loud.  Lamp shades have holes.   The bathroom is small with a very shallow tub and low sitting commode.  Front desk staff was unfriendly and unwelcoming.  However the lady at breakfast was amazing!!! And what’s up for a $22 breakfast Hilton?!? So not okay especially since the rooms are less than desirable.  The cleaning staff doesn’t seem equipped for large venues.  The bar in the am still had left over glasses of wine sitting out in the seating area.  Dirty wash clothes found in the floor in the room not the bathroom.  Garbage in the elevators.  Stained lobby furniture with spider.  Very disappointing for a Hilton.

Very Great Stuff and Neat Hotel

I stayed with my mom for the salsa event for a night and the service was great, thanks to Erika at the front desk. She was very helpful during check-in

Was waiting for towels and toothbrushes for close to 8 hours, kept on calling the front desk again, and again even spoke to the hotel manager, disgusting service, ask for two cribs. They promised they will bring it up to my room, at night, I call them where are the cribs. They told me they don’t have had to travel home one and a half hours to pick up cribs and go back to the hotel. Don’t ever stay in this hotel

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Hilton Parsippany and I must say, it was an exceptional experience from start to finish. The staff were incredibly welcoming and attentive, ensuring that every aspect of my stay was comfortable and enjoyable.

I stayed for a night with some friends for the salsa performances and had a great time. Erika was very kind and helpful during our check in and I would definitely recommend this hotel for others.

My wife and I enjoyed every single second we spent at this hotel. From the amazing customer service from Erika(hopefully I spelled her name right) she was truly helpful and assisted us with our every need down to helping us find places within Jersey to explore and go to. I would 100000000000% come back here and would recommend this hotel for any and everyone.

I had a great stay. Indoor pool was fun with the kids wanting to swim in the winter.

Our room had a very comfortable king size bed, a couch, refrigerator, coffee maker, iron & ironing board, plenty of dresser space and closet space. The room itself had no odor, but some areas of the hotel have a slightly off-putting odor. I just can’t put my finger on what it smells like. Not overwhelming, would not cause me to not book again. The bathroom is nice with a walk in shower and a bright, big lit up mirror. The only other cons are that the artwork hanging throughout the hotel is awful and it’s a bit dated.

Stayed here for New Year's Eve after going to a comedy show down the block and I really enjoyed this hotel it was very clean and the beds work very comfortable.
Me and my two friends enjoyed and shared a double room and it was comfortable the beds were a little small but it worked just for the night.
The also have a lounge area which we watch the ball drop and the two people who worked behind the bar on New Year's Eve were fantastic

O hotel é fantástico. Várias opções de atividades, locais aconchegantes para varios tipos de atividades. O local e que está um pouco afastado de tudo, por se tratar de um hotel que fica na beira de uma rodovia, mas pela qualidade do hotel, compensa muito.

The front desk was amazing. The room was awesome but the hallways were not too clean. It smelled like Marijuana.

Whenever I go to New York I stay at the Hilton’s Hampton Inn, Parsipanny, NJ and have been going there for last 10 years. Last week I went to NY for New Year’s Eve celebrations and stayed at this hotel. However, the standard and service of this hotel have gone down significantly over the years. I could not sleep all night due to a loud sound/noise just above my room (construction or some thing else) on the second floor and I brought this attention to the Manager, Miss. Elona next morning but she seemed not interested to address the issue. I have decided not to go back to this hotel anymore in the future. I would give this hotel 1 star and stay somewhere else going forward.

The hotel would have been a 5 start if the staff was accommodating to the bed bugs they gave me and my family. We were woken up at 4 am to bed bugs immediately switched rooms however we were the room next to where the bed bugs were we brought the bug down to the desk and showed them the swelling on our arms however they did not at all accommodate us no re fund no apologies nothing and when we did ask for some accommodation they did not give us anything.

I stayed at here a few weeks ago with my friends. The heating unit in our room was nit working properly. I called the front desk and spoke with Pranard and he sent up the engineer Rich who is a very pleasant man he attended to the issue quickly efficiently and effectively and resolved the issue Without hesitation. I would highly recommend your facility to any of my friends as well as telling them to ever have a problem to make sure the front desk seconds of Rich

Had a constantly running toilet and they sent up an engineer named Peter, he fixed the problem and we didn’t have to move rooms. We had a bunch of stuff so this was a huge life safer. Super professional service all around the hotel

I typically stay at the Hilton Parsippany about one week out of each month. It is always a pleasure to visit their Starbucks shop due to Sandra who works there. She is always helpful and pleasant and somehow manages to always remember what I like to order. She is a true asset to the staffing at the hotel and makes a morning visit to Starbucks a nice way to kick off the morning.

The other reviews are right.  Rundown, old rooms without working ac.  Worst Hilton experience by far.  Will not stay here again.  Do yourself a favor and book any other hotel in the area.

Saundra at the Starbucks is a gem
Makes great coffee and always friendly and helpful.  Great to wake up to
Makes the hotel something special to look forward to

My husband and I have been staying with the Hilton family for years. When traveling we would never think to stay anywhere else, until now. The Hilton Parsippany, NJ is nothing more than a glorified Motel 6 except they won’t leave the lights on. Started with the elevator under construction, no   Luggage carriers, walking through a maze of hallways to find a room in the furthest corner of the Hotel. The Iron had melted black plastic that destroyed my husband’s dress shirt. We had a formal event that evening and now had an attire issue. Attempted to call the front desk only to find the phone had no cord. After calling on the cell phone housekeeping did bring another Iron. Only to have it spit out black soot all over shirt. The full length mirror that would normally be on the wall was gone. When I went to put clothing away,  the front door of the dresser came off in my hand. The room had an overpowering odor of mint or  menthol not a pleasant smell. I would strongly recommend finding another hotel it’s not worth the money or aggravation. This Hilton property gets 0 across the board. It quite frankly does not deserve to hold the Hilton name, it’s a travesty. Management should definitely be held to a higher standard.
We are also Diamond Status, did not use our Hilton honors card this stay, that was our mistake. Regardless of our status, no guest should have this experience.
The room number 571, shame.

Great stay....staff very friendly and hotel is very clean.My go to place!!!

Stayed during car show, it was a great event. Had an issue with the bathroom and Rich from maintenance guy came right up to fix.

Very thanks for the ALI he is working in the restaurant and did very well 👍

Shanelle makes the BEST breakfast omlettes!
Thanks Shanelle!

Great breakfast, thanks Sheanellie for the omelettes!

Had a great experience., staff was friendly and very helpful. I had a problem with the shower not draining, water and overflowing, an engineer named Peter showed up and fixed the problem for me, He really professional and friendly

Excellent service from a very friendly staff! 5 stars

The hotel is very large, and usually has a conference going on when we stay here. It's in a good location, close to restaurants and shopping.

came here for a 3 night stay. This hotel desperately needs to be updated, gutted, remodeled. The staff was very kind during my stay. However, the rooms and hallways were not up to a “4 star hotel” standard. I had a king bedroom, the bed was comfy. When I was changing I noticed bugs walking across the tables. I couldn’t tell if it was bedbugs, spiders, roaches.. All I know is I was very grossed out. The shower head was full of residue and the tub was not draining properly so I was standing in a pool of bath water. When I asked to change rooms they put me across the hall, which was no better. There was a GIANT animal (don’t know if it was a cricket but it was very big and ugly) walking across the curtain. The room smelled musty. The sheets and comforter were very stained to the point where I didn’t want to cover myself. I slept with one eye open and barely got rest. The hallways are very gloomy and you can tell the carpets have never been cleaned.

Rich from engineering helped me with locating my vehicle when I forgot where I parked it.  I appreciate that he didn't make me feel bad or silly for "misplacing" my entire car.

We spent the night here for the Chiller Theatre Convention on Halloween weekend and this is the second time staying here! Rooms are clean, breakfasts are delicious, and great service all around. Thanks to Sales Manager Joshua Heffler for making our Saturday night get-together with our friends extra special!

Muy buenas instalaciones y el personal muy amable y colaborativo. Para destacar

Very good hotel. After 18 nights it served its purpose clean rooms and bed but dated and worn carpets…. Restaurant on site but not connected and over priced. Good bar in the evenings and a handy Starbucks that’s only open in the mornings. They do have a restaurant for breakfast. I never tried it but my colleague recommended it.

Excellent hotel very clean and organised Angel from engineering is an asset to your hotel !
Thank you Angel for all your help

Erika at the front desk was so sweet ! Had a lovely stay here with my husband as a little getaway for two days. I would definitely be coming back :)

The maintenance technician fix my a/c problem he is very friendly and helpful.

Anica was extremely helpful and pleasant. She is a valuable asset to Hilton and personifies the exceptional service I have come to expect at Hilton properties. Although we arrived after midnight, She went above and beyond to take care of us and we appreciated it so much !  She deserves a raise !

During my recent stay at the Hilton hotel, I had a fantastic experience that I simply must share. The hotel itself was beautiful, with comfortable rooms and excellent amenities. However, what truly stood out was the exceptional service provided by the staff.

In particular, I would like to highlight Angel, who went above and beyond to fix an issue with our shower. Not only did he address the problem promptly, but he also displayed remarkable skill and expertise in his work. Angel's dedication to ensuring our comfort was truly commendable, and it made our stay even more enjoyable.

I cannot express enough gratitude for Angel's professionalism and the level of service he provided. His attention to detail and commitment to customer satisfaction were truly extraordinary. I highly recommend the Hilton hotel to anyone looking for a memorable and delightful stay, and I hope that you have the pleasure of experiencing Angel's exceptional service as well.

Thank you, Hilton, for an outstanding experience!

Hola, yo estuve en ese hotel , y la atención fue excelente, sobre todo la atención en el desayunador a cargo de Aleyda y Beveiliv. Gracias

Great loation very clean hotel
Thsnk you Angel for asisting my wife with her needs

Place is clean and well kept, thank you angel for above and beyond my wife was very satisfied

Great place, very polite personnel. We were at the bar and felt a little cold, talked to Angel from engineering.  He jumped on it and fixed the temperature for us.  Best feeling as a customer.  Highly recommended!!!

Shanelle is a good cook

Ali is a great at greeting everyone he’s very pleasant and kind. The breakfast is fantastic. I had an omelette by Shanelle it was fantastic. I totally recommend this place and everybody is so nice and the hotel is so spectacular. I will be back.

The service is always excellent! Friendly staff make this place feel close to home. I come here once a year and look forward to breakfast to start my day with friendly faces and great food.

Marianne in the restaurant was friendly, professional and very pleasant.
Ali in the restaurant was very energetic, enthusiastic and polite.

Great place to live.

Enjoyed dinner with family and friends at Ruth Chris great location, hotel is clean and well kept
Thank you Anyell for helping with my flat tire!

The review is specifically concerning the Starbucks Kiosk in the lobby of the hotel.  I had an extended stay at the hotel and the service given by Sandra Marx was outstanding.  After the first day , she knew my order and continually asked if I wanted something specific from the hotel restaurant. Being both dog people we often  had daily chats about our pets . Her customer service and concern was above and beyond. Everyday for 3 weeks I looked forward to having my daily morning coffee with Sandra Marx.  Thank you Sandra .

I visited a friend there during the Thriller weekend.
Great location.
Locked my keys in my work van by mistake and asked a staff member for help.
Richard Gillo was very understanding and helped me with a coat hanger get my door open.
Saved me from having to wait and the expense of a tow truck or locksmith.
It's good to know there are workers out there that will take the time to help out a visiter like myself. That speaks volumes for an employer. Thanks again to everyone there and especially Mr. Gillo.

I stayed here for a business trip and my room was clean and spacious however the a/c was not working properly. I called the front desk they responded right away and sent over one of there co-works by the name of Cesar Rodriguez he fixed it right away and was super friendly! He made sure everything worked well in the room before leaving and because of service like the one Cesar provided I give this hotel a 5 star rating!

vine sola para tener tiempo propio. La señorita Angie en el escritorio fue espectacular. Ella me ayudo con el check in. estaba nerviosa porque no sabia que hablaban español. la habitación estaba grande y hay mucho espacio!!!

One of my favorite hotels in the area by far! I always have an exceptional stay every time. Everyone always goes above and beyond, especially Erika. She is always pleasant and helpful and always goes that extra step for us !

I always have such a good experience at this place. I love the girl at the front desk Ari, she’s the best!! She’s so helpful and nice ^.^

The concierge Felix was so nice and accommodating and I loved my room. I was shook to find out that my room had a whole sofa/couch that someone could sleep on, good to know for the future!

We, as a family enjoyed the stay at Hilton hotel at PARSIPPANY and had a good time.  Especially Ali from the cafeteria was very courteous and helpful!

The only reason I’m giving service at this property five stars is because of one employee working here, primarily in the dining area, named Ali J. Ali is working at this hotel and visiting from the Philippines. Ali is so pleasant, has the greatest smile and is always so helpful, his attention to detail and work ethic supporting his coworkers is hard to find. I hope that Hilton recognizes how lucky they are to have someone like Ali.  Ali is employed at this hotel working to better himself and his family and ti gain work experience, and I think he’s getting some of that here.  I’m wishing Ali all the best of luck to the balance of his tenure at this Hilton property and whatever he chooses to do next professionally. Good luck Ali, and remember don’t take no for an answer, keep asking for more responsibility, go get ‘em.

I attended a pool party here, staffs amazing!! Angel made sure the water was comfortable! Totally recommend!!

Went for a weekend with my girlfriend, just for some quiet alone time. The front desk receptionist was exceptional checking us into the hotel, made sure any extra amenities I needed were ready in the room before our arrival. Ariana helped my girlfriend find delicious restaurants in the area and even helped taking our picture before our outing 😂 our stay was so pleasant and will definitely book again for our next escape

From check in to check out excellent service was provided .The rooms are tidy, clean and the beds were comfy. Ariana and Erika are a true credit to the Hilton experience, these ladies went out the way to accommodate me beyond expectations. Overall I am glad this hotel was recommended!

Ashley's proficiency at the hotel front desk was remarkable. Her adept handling of check-ins, check-outs, and guest inquiries showcased her strong customer service skills. Ashley's attention to detail ensured smooth operations, and her warm, professional demeanor left a lasting positive impression on guests. Whether resolving issues or offering assistance, she consistently went above and beyond, contributing significantly to the hotel's reputation for exceptional service.

I had a really great experience staying at this hotel. The rooms were nice and clean and over all the place is well kept. Amazing customer service too I had an issue with my tv and Anyell promptly fixed it for me.

Was here for the Thriller event and had a blast! Place was clean, staff was friendly - Rich from engineering was super nice and helped me with my bags 😀 Would come back again.

Visited the hotel for the cars show. love it, the staff it is amazing, specially Anyell from Eng who helped me with directions and answers my questions about the event. I will recommend your hotel to my friends.

Rooms were nice and very clean. The service was very good and everyone was very friendly. The front desk lady Angie was very helpful with the check in process. She answered all the questions I had.

On a last minute business trip I had a great experience at this hotel. The front desk team (especially Erika and Ariana) rock! They were very pleasant and professional. Made my last minute business trip there enjoyable. Will definitely return when I’m in the area again.

Sandra did an amazing job with me, very nice & always remembered my name & took the time to always say hi to me. Thank you Sandra!!!!

Employees were very helpful especially Erika and Ariana. They made the stay more pleasant.

I had breakfast this morning at the cafe, and our group had Ali as our server. He provided very good service and went the extra mile for all our requests.

The hotel may may need better opening hours for the food outlets, but overall the breakfast area is nice and the breakfast is diversified, the staff are very friendly, especially Mohamed, Erica, Marianne, Ali and Felix.
The friendliness and hard work of this team does makes the whole experience and enjoyable one.

I recently stayed at Hilton not too long ago & had a wonderful experience. The young lady, Ashley at the front desk was very wonderful & professional & helped me out with all the questions I had. She provided me with lots of guidance throughout my stay & would highly recommend this hotel. Rooms were also very comfortable & clean.

The service was very outstanding and the front desk Ashley was so nice and very cooperative and very helpful to me. Can’t wait to go back again when I visit!

There are many hotels to stay at in this area but we choose this one over and over again for our business retreat and conference. The rooms are quiet and comfy. I called down to the front desk for extra pillows and blankets and was accommodated quickly.
Best part about this place is how honest and helping everyone is. I found a cell phone in the couch in the waiting area and handed it to an employee passing by. Angel promised he would make sure the owner received it. He was very helpful and I feel safe knowing people like him are here to help. Honest, helpful, kind, accommodating, extras to give, and overall you can't beat the price.
Thank you again for helping me have a peaceful and pleasant trip during my busy business season.

The front desk girl Erika was really helpful and informative during my stay!

I had a pool party here, I also attended the car show here and this location is amazing! Angel ensured that the pool chemicals were all leveled and safe! Amazing staff and service! 100% recommend!!!!

Very pleased! Food was awesome, bed were comfortable. Kudos to engineer Angel who fixed tv problem for me within minutes of calling front desk at 7:00pm. Pool & gym were great for me and the kids. Lots of dining within 5 minutes drive.

When I was there for the car show.  Anyell Sanchez was so very helpful to me directing me where to park.  I had dinner at the restaurant and he was also magnificent showing us the place

I was having issues with my TV and I must say the response time is amazing!! I believe his name was Angel? he was awesome and fixed it right away!!

I had a great experience and Erika was so sweet and made the check in/out process very easy and fast. Would definitely come back

I had to stay there on a business trip. Out of all the hotels I've stayed in, this was one of the worst. German cockroaches from the trees were in the one room I started out in, and the only reason I'm giving this a two star rating with a 5 star rating for the service is because of the excellent service that ?Fred? at the front desk provided. He was completely understanding and switched my room TWICE because I found the same bugs in the second room (he switched me to a suite with free snacks, so that was nice). Third time was the charm, I guess. The snack for purchase bar was so expensive. $15 dollars for a personal pan Digiorno pizza, are you kidding me? No, they were not. The location? Surrounded by highway with no restaurants within walking distance. Overall, I would NOT recommend this hotel. Find something different. Please.

Very good

Rooms are very dated.  My room did not have a desk, this is kind of important when traveling for business.  It did have a café table and chair.  The biggest problem is there was no AC.  Only heat would blow out of the system.  When asked about it we were told "the system is in winter mode".  Had to sleep with the window open.  I was there on business at a conference.  Price per night was excessive >$330/night.   It would have been much better staying next door at the Hampton inn.

The rooms are clean and smell good, the shower is refreshing.

Super last minute booking.
Room was nice, stocked and clean.
Ruth Chris was a nice surprise and the lobby bar was reasonably priced.

I’ve traveled all over the US in my 61 years and this is by far the worst experience I’ve ever had at a Hilton hotel. Please stay away from this hotel you’re wasting your money the air conditioner did not work for the three days I was there I had called maintenance, they told me that the air conditioner is broke and the solution is they cracked my window took them two days to come and fix the non-draining drain in the bathtub management, nor the general manager did not feel the need to get in touch with me after asking countless times at the front desk to speak with them  You would be better off sleeping in your car

Nice room, no microwave. Very confusing corridors with only one set of working elevators for the entire complex even though there were elevators (non-working) on both ends of the confusing corridors.

Great budget hotel
I was passing through town and needed a place to stay through a third-party. I was able to book a room at this hotel for a reasonable price. The price was so reasonable I didn’t expect much as I walked into the hotel to check in I was blown away by how nice and spacious the hotel was easily a five-star hotel. Staff was very friendly, and the place was very clean. Once I got to my room, I was blown away even more, the room was spacious it was a nice king-size bed with a couch. The room was extremely clean and there were more than enough towels and washcloths, which we all know could be a issue at hotels. I want to think the staff area for being so accommodating and being able to work with my schedule, this will not be the last time I stay here along with me, passing information on to my friends and family , thank you again Ariel see you soon

Front desk young lady was pleasant and efficient.  Room was clean and everything was functioning properly. Gave it 4 stars because the complimentary breakfast left much to be desired. We got there at 9am. Warm eggs were finished and, though we waited, no replenishing was provided. Same thing with warm sides ( potatoes and turkey sausage). They did provide cold, hard boiled eggs. Also had to wait awhile for coffee to be replenished. So... breakfast service was not as it should have been. Otherwise it was a nice stay.

This hotel was super nice 10 years ago. Now it's outdated, musty, and in desperate need of a renovation. No streaming services on the TV, unpleasant odour in the corridors and coming out of the vents in the rooms, poor attention to detail.

Went to a car show there,did not stay  in the hotel.

Rooms are comfortable, great beds and pillows, but to get to the rooms, you have to walk through many unpleasant musty/ moldy smells.  Instead of telling me I could use the main bank of elevators, I was instructed to walk down the long hall of conference rooms, past the Hampton Inn, to the old crickity elevator that seems to be on it's last leg.  That elevator was barely operational during my first 24 hours here, and tonight it was just moaning, crackling and creaking but doors never opened even though all the call buttons were pushed on the first and second floors.  I walked all the way back to the main elevator bank and discovered that it also took me to the floor with my room, just down a super long hall of hotel rooms instead of stinky conference rooms and the entrance to Hampton inn.  When I arrived, I expected the customized TV greeting message but instead had a TV with no input signal except one channel that was all pixelated and unwatchable.  The air was set at 60 and blasting in the room. The sandwich I picked up at the pantry was soggy, and the salad was rotten.  This really took away from the beautiful lobby and bar area.  I was moved to another room with a functional TV. I learned from a coworker staying in a different room that the ac has to be blasting to make sure the room doesn't get humid and gross. Until this hotel completes some serious cleaning and much needed maintenance, I would not recommend that anyone stay here.  There also appears to be mold or something gross growing in my window looking out over the rooftop.  Also, I found it strange there were no desks in the rooms.

Great facility, clean and comfortable rooms

Just huge in size with lot of inconvenience.
Nearest lifts not working all the time. Use and throw coffee cups in 5 star property is very well below standards. Never received a replacement in rooms after room turnaround service..

They down graded my room from a king to a double bed, not to mention putting me on a side that looks like old a worn out I couldn’t even use a elevator I had to use side stairs to get to my floor then my room was 50 rooms down from
The stairway, the lobby looked nice but please dont be fooled, I will not recommend

Home haisee ja tunkkainen ilma.

The absolute worst Hilton property I’ve ever stayed at. Small, hot and humid rooms with barely any air conditioning; awful dining options; the coffee at their shop tastes like hot water; gym is useless. It’s so uncomfortably hot and humid on the premises and in the rooms, I had to mention it twice. The only reason to stay here is if you have to attend an event here.

Ninety degrees outside and air conditioning didn't work . Third time I have stayed here and there is always a problem with the air .Will not stay here again.

Rooms are dated the staff try to do rite but checking  in is  a little  crazy we go every year at a busy time I'm sure there overwhelmed

Best hotel for all and families.

I just want to say that Angie was very helpful during check in, She also answered very question I had. The room was very comfortable and I felt right at home. When I go places I do need extra towels so when I called up house keeping Flor the manager brought them to me personally, she was very nice and professional. I appreciate all the great service definitely staying here again soon

👌🏽

We were here for a religious group. This stay was fantastic. All staff went beyond to help all of our needs. The staff did awesome even during a packed weekend I want to give a shout-out to a few staff member who helped us out - Flor, Mara, ericka, Angie, Ashley, Jaeda, Michael! EVERYONE was efficient and I cannot wait to come back!

Here for work, great spot off the highway

Good hotel to stay in Parsippany.

Very old and badly needs a Reno.  Zero regard for the environment at all throughout the hotel.

خدمه ولا اروع

Enjoyed my 4 nights there.  Great service and breakfast buffet. Even though the executive lounge was closed they made every effort to make up for it.  Even to the free shuttle to their sister hotel property in Dubai marina area.  Overall great stay. Nice high floor view of Burj Khalifa.

Ann îs very professional thank uo for your assistance hassan he providing a good service

Despite our travel plans getting cancelled due to flight cancellation the hotel was kind enough to provide full refunds. They didn’t need to, but they did and because of this when I revisit I will definitely be staying here!

اوتيل جيد وفاخر جدا خارق للروعه وخدمه المساعده ول ريسبشن جيد جدا ولجميع يساعد

Hassan Manager in duty, John and Shahed from concierge were excellent we really love to be part of the Hilton family. Keep up the good work guys

نسيت موبايلي في السياره  وساعدني الأخ علي خلف والأخ جوزيف الفلبيني شكرا لهم وشكرا اداره الفندق

شكرا اخ علي واخً اقبال واخ جوزيف علي الخدمه الجميله وبرجع مره اخري وسوف اتواصل معك يا علي

شكرا جزيلاً  فريق الريسبشن  وخاصه الأخ علي خلف راجل محترم والأخت سوق والأخت والأخت ان الموقع جميل جدا وادينا بيعطوني غرفه مطله علي الغيره بنصح الزوار ياتون دايما شكرا جزيلا لاداره الفندق

Friendly stuff 🤍

اود اشكر الشيخ علي خلف ابراهيم علي حسن المعامله وشكرا خاص للفريق الكونسرج

Always great to stay here! All our occasions we celebrate here and the staff are lovely.

The stay was really amazing, the views are so good and the food was so good. Not forgetting amazing staff starting from front office team Ann Gella and the rest of the team.

All good

Very Beautiful Hotel,happy with that. Sai, Chandra, Sagarr you guys are the best☺️Thank you!

Hedra and vini best service

در ردVery nice hotel and staffs are very friendly specially thank you very very much for Shwe,Sagar and Hedra..I will be back for sure.

Hilton s a very  nice property good location service is also v good Mr Tarun wl help personaly rooms r also v spacious and nice excellent

The team was very friendly and cooperative. They helped us celibating my son’s birthday by arranging small occasion with valuble atmosphere.

Thanks are extended to the whole team and special appreciation for Marawan.

Room are very clean .The best place to stay with family and friends.Thank you Sai and Sagar for excellent service

Wonderful stay at Hilton! the service was excellent. The staff were friendly, helpful, and made us feel very welcome. Looking forward to coming back!

الموظف الفندق محمد حسن شخص محترم جدا في التعامل معي يرجى من ادارة الفندق تكريمة وشكرا

الفندق جميل جداً وغرفه رايعه للغايه وبرجع مره اخري بسبب الاخ علي خلف علي المساعده وشكرا الاخ اقبال وشكرا ساجد شكرا فريق الكونسرج

Thank to mr ali khalaf for the help

Un travail professionnel et exceptionnel.  Merci beaucoup mr. Ali khalaf

Nice stay. For breakfast it’s a bit pricey for what you get, so would like more quality options for what we paid for.

very good really clean and good hospitality

فندق ممتاز ونظيف
والموظفين ودودين للغايه وبالذات الموظفه shui

it was a nice place to visit and they have an amazing reciption staff all of them
sagar, shwe ,uvini , hedra ,myo

Nice place and good service

"Had a wonderful stay! The location was perfect for seeing la pearle show, and the hotel staff specially Ms. Shwey and trolley boys went above and beyond to make us feel specially, and also especially at the front desk. Great view of Burj Khalifa, water canal, Rooms were clean, spacious, and had all the amenities we needed. I highly recommend it! Specially in this season with la perle tickets and very good discount price.

Good service. Mr Tarun has provided good help.

Stayed at Hilton Al Habtoor City recently. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and in a good location. Service at the restaurant was also very good. Thanks to Ahmed Hisham, Taron, and Marwan for being professional and helpful throughout the stay.

ماشالله احمد
مروان
تاروان
الخدمه الجميله ❤️❤️❤️

Located in the prime city of Dubai.
Maintained well.

They ruined my birthday surprise for my husband because of their internal disorganization. Unfortunately, he discovered the surprise at reception thanks to the receptionist with the half-brown hair.
I'll never forget her rudeness and disrespect when she threw the pen on the counter for me to sign after we argued about her revealing the surprise.

Also, the service is very disorganized and slow. Their repeated excuse is, "We're busy." !!!;
No, dear! This excuse is unacceptable.
Hotels of the same or higher rating, and twice as busy, weren't like this!

This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. It's not worthy of hotels bearing the Al Habtoor or Hilton brand.

Great service and the staff are amazing and very kind, must visit!! Also id love to shoutout Mohammad hassan for his great hospitality and just being a great human being !

افضل خدمة فالفندق والموظف محمد حسن ومحمود المدير المناوب  متعاونين جدا في قسم الاستقبال ومايقصرون مع حد

حسن الاستقبال و افضل خدمه شكرا لحسن تعاونكم محمد حسن و محمود مدير المناوب

ونعم الاستقبال ماقصر الاستاذ محمد حسن قمه الاخلاق والاحترام شكرا اسظاقة جيدة

Marwan and tarun je suis très contente de vous bien setisfaire

Many thanks to all the staff including tarin for making my stay enjoyable

The breakfast was geed, and the service level was very good by Mr Youssef 🙏🏻

الخدمه راع  الاستقبال اروعه وخاصه موظفه رسبشين hsuقمه في تعامل وسلوب العمل

Ezz at the reception was very helpful
Will be back soon

Lovely experience with welcoming staff.

Peaceful place and kindness management

Best place to stay.Especially Thanks the excellent service Myo,Shwe and Sai.

Good

I love this night and also is clean , the bed and the toilet was so clean and quiet 🤫❤️

Very good service

Thankyou very much about the beautiful .Room and service Thanks for your best service Sai

Had a nice stay at the hotel, its quite and relaxing. good for sleep. Thank you to reception team vanessa,precious, swe, juan and ibrahim for assisting.

Recently I visit the hotel. i am really impressed by the service and the ambiance of hotel is amazing rooms r beautiful and cleaned. i want to mention special thanks to Ms Ritchel she was amazing she is so well coming very positive . And the best part she has big smile on her face. She is very kind to me. So i really appreciate 👍thanks Ms ritchel🙏

Last week I visit this hotel there rooms are very good service also very fantastic and I remember one staff from reception ms ritchel she is very kind and she is very professional

Thanks for excellent service Faisal and Sai!

تشرفت بالاقامه بالفندق الجميل والخدمات الممتازه

ممتاز المكان و بالأخص الموظف عز ماقصر من تعامل و تعاون

Five stars for everything but the toilet flush is a horrible plastic button . I have an eye for these sort of things.

Fabulous experience for families. 😎

experiencing a high quality service once in a year is not bad, thank you for a wonderful professional service we've experience specially from reception ritchel who assist us in our check in🥰

Had a wonderful check-in experience 🤍
The room was clean, comfortable, and very well prepared. Special thanks to the receptionist Ritchel for being warm, professional, and very accommodating throughout the process. Excellent customer service and hospitality. Highly recommended!

فندق جميل وراقي من جميع النواحي من ناحيه الموقع قريب مت قناه دبى وكذلك يوجد كل الخدمات بجانب الفندق والخدمات ممتازه واللوبي كبير جدا

اشكر الصديق محمد حسن على مساعدة ولطفه مع الزوار لك جزيل الشكر على تعامل الجميل واشكر الفندق والعاملين فيه ⭐️

أحب أنا أشكر الأخ علي خلف على حسن التعامل والأخلاق
والسيد عز بالرسبشن على حسن اللباقه وايضاً السياده سوق والسيد كلفين

Good hotel and amenities.

I joined my stay

اشكر الاخ لوكا على المساعدة والمعاملة الرائعة

اشكر الموظفين محمد حسن و محمود ، على سرعة التسجيل و على حسن ضيافتهم و استقبالهم و انصح بالتوجه لهم

Good

تعاملهم راعي وممتاز مع الناس
حسن و محمود

Thanks shahed for helping me in lobby area my luggage loading in the car nive hotel nice services

Absolutely fantastic service from Iqbal and Ibraheem. Brilliant people that went the extra mile on every occasion. Always pleasant and smiling and making customer journey so easy. |This is the reason we keep coming back to Hilton Al Habtoor. Iqbal and Ibraheem you are both an asset to the company and wish you all the best in the future.

الغرف جميله و الموظفه فينسيه جدا محترمه و رائعه

Nice hotel, good location with friendly staff. Thanks to Vanessa at the reception for assisting us.

I had a great experience staying at the Hilton Al Habtoor City in Dubai. The hotel is modern, clean, and well-located for accessing business districts and leisure spots.

My room was spacious, comfortable, and offered a great view. The staff were friendly and professional from check-in to check-out.

I especially enjoyed the pool area and the dining options – plenty of choice and good quality food.

Whether you’re travelling for work or a holiday, this hotel is a solid choice. I’d happily stay here again.

Miss Venessa is very humble and cooperative

The staff is not cooperative at all.

Called again and again for the prayer mat no one picked the call and when they did even after 30 minutes waiting no one came up.

Break fast also had very limited options.

We stayed in Hilton Al habtoor for 2 nights and 3 days and we really enjoyed the place. From check in, room, breakfast and swiminng pool were really amazing. Steven in reception helps us a lot while checking in and Tarun from restaurant were really kind and they good hospitality. Highly recomended and we look forward staying here again!

Very nice experience in here,  and very good breakfast,  thank you LAL for being our guidance 🙏

Ezcellent service. Mr. Ali Khalaf and Mr mahmood and mr haitjam are excellent and very professional and friendly. I woll come back inshallah. Thanl yoi guys

Positive: hotel has nice lobby and rooms. The check in was very easy and the guy was super friendly and helpful (his name was stevens)
Location is very nice.
Negative: kids club has only 1 hour rule . I have never seen such a rule in 5 star hotel. We come to hotel to enjoy and kids to enjoy (and parents get break) how can we do that with only 1 hour!!
Thats why i give 2 stars only.

Steven, Vanessa, Ann, Tarun are very welcoming and accommodating. The hotel is nice and the facilities are one of the best in Dubai.

Great location. Great hotel. The staff are really nice and helpful. Steven was great.

Really nice thank you Ann

I had a fantastic stay and a seamless experience with the accommodation. The service was top-notch, but what truly made the visit memorable was the exceptional hospitality from Loka, Ezz, and Venessa. They went above and beyond to ensure everything was perfect. Highly recommended!

All went good and special thank to Mr Ezz at the reception

We found out upon arrival that there was some deal or promotion going on which explained the unbelievable rush at the valet. It was so bad that we waited 45 minutes just to go inside.
The rooms were not ready upon arrival so we had to wait more. Even when we came to the room it was not that clean either.
What was worse was the concierge service at the hotel. We requested the La Perle tickets and had to return more than two times to sort that out. Lines of people waiting everywhere !
What was even more disappointing was the breakfast the next day, I had asked the chef there for powdered sugar to add to my sons pancake and he was rude and said he doesn’t know what it is and they don’t have it. This is not the kind of hospitality I normally am used to with Hilton especially as a member.

The kids club was beyond terrible. It was dirty and toys thrown everywhere. The lady over there refused to help with the activity mentioned for the day and time and was busy doing other things.

Overall it was an absolutely horrible experience and I was quite sad as I had brought my parents and kids to enjoy a nice weekend but instead we just wanted to go back home.

Great service from Ritchel.. keep up the good work 👏

Loka and his team are absolute stars! They’ve been hyper-supportive from day 1, from ballroom to food they’ve been absolutely amazing. Loka thank you for all your support for the corporate meetings we have.

The room was spacious, Hotel location
is perfect for the tourist.Specially thanks to Rechel she so helpful she always assist us with a smiling face

Ali Khalaf and Luka were great service
They are extremely helpful and kind

معامله جداً سيئه
الاستقبال لا يجاوب
(تكيف سيئ )
عند الاتصال بتحميل الامتعه لم يأتيك احد

لان اعيد هاذي اتجربه مرة اخرى

This hotel condone extorsion of money for extras by therapists of the spa (Elixir Spa by ukrainian).
Stefan Radstrom is incapable of taking concret and immediate actions. As a group of tourists who were scam into paying these extras, we urge for immediate refund and for a complete investigation.

Very good staff welcoming and supporting
Loka,chu,pho and Steven all welcoming

The hotel is absolutely wonderful, and the staff are fantastic in their work, especially my friends who work in reception and video editing, including Mr. Luca, Mr. Ali Khalaf, and Mr. stefin and phoo . I would like to thank them very much for their cooperation in serving the guests. Thank you very much.

Hilton Dubai Al Habtoor City is a luxury hotel in the heart of Dubai, offering elegant modern design, stunning views of the Dubai Water Canal, and a refined, high-end hospitality experience.

الصراحه الفندق مكانه حلو بس النظافه زيرو وتاخير في كل الخدمات من الجك ان ساعه ومن وصول السياره وتوفير الغرف واذا بتصل في خدمه الغرف بعد سنه يردون رحت غرفهالشطاف مب شغال والحمام الارضيه نفس اللحاف مب نظيف فيه بقع

الصراحه خدمة الاخ يوسف فقسم المطعم جداً راااائع وخدوم وسريع فالخدمه ويقدم الافضل في عمله

thank you for the great service and especially to hesham for assisting us during our stay.

It was a great stay here

Pretty cool and good.

Bad services we waited two hours just for water and blankets

Simon the chef is the best of the best of the place he is the greatest thing they have they should make sure they keep him and they take care of him because they don't know that's the man have shown me everything how good is in that place when nobody was around

The service was extremely poor and very slow. We waited from 5:30 PM until 7:30 PM just to receive our rooms and the show tickets. Unfortunately, the rooms were not ready, and we did not receive the tickets even though the show had already started while we were still waiting. The staff seemed unorganized and did not know how to handle the situation. Very disappointing experience.

I literally called twice for someone to help me fix the HDMI cable!!! And it’s been more than an hour and no one came to help !!! Plus check in is bad it took us 2 hours just to get our room !!! Never again

اسوء فندق لا نظافة ولا شي و زحمة الدخول والخروج من الفندق بالسيارة اكثر من ساعة توقف ف الشارع عشان تدخل الفندق سيء للغاية 👎🏻👎🏻اسوء فندق سكنته في دبي

Sir lal from breakfast helped us verry good!!

The worst experience i had ever,  waiting time at the valet parking 30-40 min , waiting time to check in 70-90 minutes,  then the room is not ready !!!
Room service is below zero, asking for Baby cot from check in time 6 pm till midnight they didn't bring.
Not matching at all with Dubai standards,, really disappointed 😕

معقوله توصل الفندق ساعه 5:30 المسا يقولون لك الغرف مش جاهزه ولا بعد انتظر لليل علشان نسلمك وخل اغراضك تحت شو هالاجراء تعبان إذا الفندق مافي تحمل لا تستقبلون الناس والي على الاستقبال يقولي والله ترى بنعطيكم 24 ساعه ماتهمني 24 ساعه ابغي ادخل غرفتي وبعد يقولي هذا الاجراء وبس

We had a confirmed reservation in advance; however, we experienced a delay of more than two hours at the reception during the check-in process.

We were extremely tired, as we had traveled from a distant location, and were quite surprised by this delay. Guests with confirmed reservations are expected to be checked in promptly.

This is the first time we encounter such a prolonged check-in process
And no one is helping when we talk with them.

I waited for more than an hour just to check in. My last time here.

من اسواء التجارب على الاطلاققققققققق
الفندق زحمه لدرجة الناس مب قادرين يبركنون السيارة
الترولي الوحده فيها اغراض اكثر عن شخص ! كيف أغراضي الشخصية تكون مع اغراض ناس غيري !

الطابور على الاسقبال نص ساعه ولا تحرك الناس كلها معصبه المدير مب قادر يسيطر على الزحمه و إذا دقيت تحجز اونلاين يسحبون عليك الصراحه ما انصح أبدا أبدا أبدا

اغراضي قعدت ف الشارع اكثر من نص ساعه مع اغراض الناس
الزباين نفسهم ياخذون اغراضهم من مكان لمكان وين الخدمة ؟!

My experience at the hotel was unfortunately disappointing. The service was very poor, with noticeable delays in responding to requests despite multiple follow-ups. In addition, the air conditioning in the suite was not working, which caused significant discomfort during the stay, and I was unable to sleep at night because of it. I hope the management takes this feedback seriously and improves both service quality and room maintenance.

The room is clean and tidy. The hotel is in a good location. The two disappointments are that as per my booking it says that the room is upgraded to creek or burj khalifa view and includes tickets for La Perle however the receptionist M.H (night shift) gave us a room with a backside view and he advised me to collect the tickets the next day. And when I went to the counter the next day to collect my tickets I have been asked to pay extra to get them. This shows exactly how the staff are not aware of what the hotel is offering. Or there is a miscommunication between the marketing team and the staff of the hotel.

Absolutely disgusting service. They did not make up my room. Did not answer my calls or return any regarding feedback. For someone who always stays at this hotel I am disgusted with the service I’ve received and the fact that nothing was done to help. DISGUSTED

They hardly answers the phone

A full experience and so many amenities! Sky restaurant and stellar service! Highly recommended!!

Very disappointing experience. The Do Not Disturb sign was on my door, yet room service still entered my room. This is a serious breach of privacy and should never happen in any hotel. On another day, I clearly placed the Please Clean My Room sign, but the room was not cleaned at all. Basic housekeeping standards were simply ignored.

The bigger issue was how the situation was handled. I raised the problem, but there was little response and no real effort to resolve it. Because of this delay, I ended up having to pay for an extra night unnecessarily.

What made the experience worse is that no one even showed a genuine sense of apology for what happened. That was the most disappointing part. Guests expect respect for privacy, proper service, and at least a sincere apology when things go wrong.

Excellent Services and very nice staff and special thanks to Youssef and Marwan

I had special breakfast in the market restaurant with mr marwan , youssef, irshad , lal , mostak
For sure i will recommend it for my friends

The place was nice and clean. We slept comfortable. In the restaurant during bf the staff are very attentive to the guest to the point that they will just remove the plate for clearance without saying excuse.

Good servive very clean ♥️♥️ nice view

Thank you so much for such great service, Mr. Tarun. We had a really good time during breakfast; the food and service team were amazing, top-notch!

Tarun Mohammed Alina Emily they are very good and helpful

Stay was perfect

Stayed with the family for a night, great experience, nice pools(kids one wasn't operational), food was great, overall the money well spent

الخدمة والاسعار ممتازة

Amazing  experience  great  rooms

I stayed in Kings suite. Amazing room with amazing views. Decent service at checkin and checkout although in case bigger group comes in to checkin then they have staff shortage issues. Water is not clean, yellow dirty water in tub, checks pics, even after multiple complaints, problem was not fixed. Customer service is pathetic.

Superb service and great food. specially Tarun and his team  give us good service

I stayed in Kings suite. Amazing room with amazing views. Decent service at checkin and checkout although in case bigger group comes in to checkin then they have staff shortage issues. Water is not clean, yellow dirty water in tub, checks pics, even after multiple complaints, problem was not fixed. Customer service is pathetic.

My room card is blocked everyday, I had a huge problem each time. I am extremely bothered by the way how the people at the reception are talking to me.

Tarun,Sneha,Adetya,Emilyn are a very good team. Very kind and welcoming. I rarely encounter someone talking to my son even if my son doesnt talk (son with special needs). But Mr Tarun has the heart.

The Market Restaurant - Tarun Emilyn Aditya Sneha did not got the names of the Chef on duty. The team was very warm and hospitable in dealing with us and towards of other guests. Breakfast Food was fresh and nice. Definitely would come back in Hilton Dubai Al Habtoor. Thank you for your warm hospitality.🙏👊❤️

Good place

I’d like to sincerely thank Mr. Prabhat at the hotel reception for his outstanding service. He upgraded us to a better room than we originally booked, and his kindness, professionalism, and warm attitude made our stay even more enjoyable. Truly appreciated! 💕

Wir waren auf der Dachterrasse  und der Ausblick mit der Musik eines Live Dj war klasse

Great stay.

I love it! Large rooms and lovely environment!

We stayed two nights. Staff is so unprofessional and don’t know how to talk to the guest. security, reception lady, staff from restaurant, one of the operator not really nice.
Now situation is not good, but you are still working be polite

Beautiful hotel, very friendly staff. Spacious rooms.  We had axes to the executive lounge for pre dinner drinks and appetisers, this was excellent with brilliant views over the city.   Our room was spacious and clean.  The buffet breakfast had lots of choice, I enjoyed everything about this hotel.

I really enjoyed this Hotel. Its nice you have a free shuttling to the mall or the beach. I didnt get to use this trip but nice to know they are there.

Ein schönes, wenn auch sehr großes Hotel. Zum Teil wirklich angagierte Mitarbeiter die uns in den z. Zt. schwierigen Zeiten zur Seite gestanden haben. Die Zimmer sind sehr schön und groß. Alles sehr großzügig.
Ab 9:30 Uhr wird es zum Frühstück allerdings extrem voll.
Kostenloses parken mit Service.

The hotel was so nice the cleanliness was on top notch thanks to Vijay and Thazin from HSK they gave me the best services also special thanks to Hassan Bellman assisted me with my luggage also the people at the pool restaurant ,life guards everything was so nice l had the best

Vorsicht bei der Kaution, die man für die Minibar hinterlässt! Das Hotel zahlt die Kaution trotz mehrmaliger Ermahnung nicht zurück!

We recently stayed at **Hilton Dubai Al Habtoor City** with our family to celebrate a birthday, and it was a memorable stay.

Check-in by Hedra was smooth and welcoming. A special thank you to the Housekeeping team for the beautiful birthday room decoration. We truly appreciate the effort from Dilshan, Ranjana (Assistant Housekeeping Manager), and Director of Housekeeping Mr. Prabhakar for making the surprise so special.

At the Executive Lounge, *Dinupa* provided outstanding service while handling many guests alone, yet she remained professional and attentive throughout. Kirtan at the bar was also very friendly. Thanks as well to Giniosa from Engineering for quickly fixing a small AC issue.

Our kids loved the Kids Club and enjoyed it a lot.

The only area that could improve is breakfast, as the variety and service were a bit limited.
Overall, a very pleasant family stay and special thanks again to Mr. Prabhakar and his team for the warm hospitality. ⭐

Manjur- ist ein sehr freundlicher Mitarbeiter, er hat uns beim Frühstück bedient. Und das besondere er hat sich an unseren speziellen Kaffe erinnert. Solche Menschen schenken einem wirklich ein Lächeln ins Gesicht. Einmal ein großes Danke an Manjur für seine überaus toll Ausstrahlung und Achtsamkeit.

Due to an emergency, we decided to extend our stay by a few days. Breakfast was a buffet style with Western, Chinese, and Indian dishes, and there were many options that were easy for Japanese people to eat. Lal, a hall staff member, spoke to us a lot and was able to assist us with our poor English. Sneha and Mosta also tried their best to communicate with us, and they always responded with a smile, and we could feel the warmth of the hotel towards its guests.
The cleaning staff not only clean, but even when they are not cleaning, they also change towels, collect trash, distribute water, etc.

Housekeeping   team  good  nice  👌

The staff are all friendly and helpful. Upon check in at almost 2am, Ezz greeted me with a smile and check in was smooth and fast. The staff at the lounge Gyan, Daisy Mae and Dinupa performed an excellent job in attending our needs during our stay at the lounge.

Very nice service beautiful very nice hotel 🏨🛏️ is everything very nice I happy this hotel

Mostak from market restaurant was great!

I would like to commend Raul from the housekeeping team. He did a fantastic job every single day, ensuring our room was clean and comfortable. His service was professional and of a very high standard."

Hotel is Exellent, Amazing service, I would like to mention Akshay name here, from room service team, he is very cooperative, friendly, professional.

We had a wonderful stay. Hats off to Gyan in the executive lounge amazing service we really appreciate. Mia was really helpful as well with the best proffessionalism. We will definately be coming back!

Очень отзывчивый персонал, отель не новый, но уровень отличный. Комнаты очень большие и комфортные. Спасибо за отличный отдых

Great service from Riphan at breakfast area!

Excellent hospitality

We spent 4 nights here and had a wonderful experience.Views from room were breathtaking and we could see the burj khalifa from our room.

Located In the heart of Dubai, Hilton al habtoor city is amazing place for short stay in Dubai.
Very peaceful place, close to downtown,  burj Khalifa,  Dubai Mall and on Dubai water Canal.

Excellent stay!! The service was top-tier, with a special shoutout to Hasan and Zahir for their outstanding hospitality and help. They truly made the experience memorable. Highly recommended!

Nice clean and neat hotel with lots of facilities

Dangerous place. The Spa ELIXIR extort extras money to tourists. Therapists extort money for extra services.
The manager will not respond to you, blocked you and threat you.
And the hotel will do nothing about it, never answer to you or care. While the spa is inside their premises.

احسن

Sunita was amazing in the Market restaurant! :)

10 out of 10 stay Lovely Executive Lounge,  Ebha provided excellent service. Thank you

Perfect

We recently stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and were extremely happy with the standard of the rooms, service, amenities and breakfast. A special mention to the superb service from the concierge team. In spite of being very busy, they were so helpful and patient, dealing with everything in a professional and pleasant manner.

The executive lounge is among the best I have been lucky enough to visit.  Great space, large with wonderful views.   Dinupa actually cared  about you and really did want to help.  The food surpassed most.   Way above average!

We have a very big situation with ELIXIR SPA. I want to talk to manager team of the hotel to investigate and to reply to us. There is no need to deny. We have all proof : videos recordings , testimonies from more 100+ clients, screenshots,  .... . So first of all, we received violents insults, threats and we were falsely accused by receptionnist Sacha of Elixir Spa. We need to identify her to make a formal complaint. Also, we need to be refund by the Spa for scamming us into paying extras services even if therapists are not employed and live on tips, it is forbiden to do this way. We need severe actions

A very smart choice. Good value for money. People working there very friendly and helpful. Daisy Mae and the team in executive lounge were a delight.

Mostak and his manger Tharun was very friendly and helpful.. they maid my stay very comfortable. Thank you 🙏🏼

Wir hatten einen wunderbaren Aufenthalt im Hilton Dubai Al Habtoor City! Die Zimmer sind groß, sauber und sehr komfortabel, die Lage ist ideal und der Poolbereich einfach groß und schön. Besonders praktisch: man kann den Strand mitbenutzen, was den Aufenthalt noch entspannter macht

Mr.praboth /Mr bablu lal/Mr.Irshard/Mrs Emily was an awesome team membro in one hospitality thanks a lot.🤩😛🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩

had a great experience at the restaurant, and I especially want to thank Mr. Lal for his outstanding service. Even on very busy days, he remained calm, attentive, and extremely helpful. He made sure everything was taken care of and checked in regularly to ensure we were comfortable

Between the hustle and bustle of the city you can find rooms in this hotel peace and quiet.
First of all breakfast is great.  You have a lot of options: Indian, Chinese, Arabic , etc.
If you fancy tea, coffee or fruit juice there is a 24×7 Cafe in ground floor.
Rooms are clean and will be cleaned whenever you want.
This hotel is located near the river, then you can go walking or cycling even in the middle of the nicht which I recommend in autumn because the weather is amazing.
There are always people swimming in the poo.
There is a restaurant in the last floor in which you can serve delicious foods.
At last but not least there are pharmacy and supermarket near this hotel in case of need.

The hotel was great! With tasty breakfast great hotel service me and my family really enjoyed this hotel. The location is pretty nice as I can see the Bridge khalifa from my room.
Ezz the front desk person was also very helpful.

Veri goof hash I love Hilton albatur

אחלה מלון

شكر خاص للأستاذ عز والا ستاذ عمر على حفاوة الاستقبال

Regular business hotel

Stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights.
Very accommodating staff, area was great! Shuttle bus included to and from dubai mall and the other Hilton resort with the beach. Room was spacious and the view was breathe taking!

Geweldige king room gekregen met goed uitzicht vanaf de 34ste verdieping.|Bedankt housekeeping voor het versieren van mijn bed ivm mijn verjaardag.|# Arjun & Ranjana.

Very good hotel

great service by Mr lal sneha and mostak so happy to see a nepali people heree they’re so much careing and helpful
definatinely will visit again

Mr Peabody/Mustak/tarun
Best hospitality.

Mr praboth/Mustak/ Sneha/Tarun are both very helpful, friendly and polite. Very approachable! Thank you!

Praboth /lal/Mustaq/Sneha/Tarun/Emily/Shune

Great job managing breakfast service

Die Roof top bar ist empfehlenswert

Beat  sevise in one house with Mr praboth /Tarun /Mustaq//Ibrahim//MrsEmily/Shune.

Praboth/Ibrahim/Mustaq/Emily/Shune/MR tarun

Sehr zufrieden

Sehr schönes hotel. Wir hatten ein Zimmer mit Blick auf den burj khalif. Und vom Flur aus einen Blick auf burj al arab. Besser geht nicht. Top Service. Alle super nett. Bin sehr zufrieden und würde auf jeden fall noch mal hier hin kommen.

Ich bin sehr zufrieden und begeistert von diesen Hotel ,das  Service und die Mitarbeiter alle sehr nett  Ich kann’s weiter empfehlen 👍

We had a lovely stay at the hotel.  The only problem was the tours arranged for us via the hotel, with Delight Vacations, were not up to par.  We went on two trips, one half-day around Dubai, the other a full-day trip to Abu Dhabi.  On both trips, we actually saw very little, other than places from which to take photographs.  Other than the Grand Mosque in Abu Dhabi, which is phenomenal, we actually did not go into any other sites.  We saw the outside of the Ferrari Center, Abu Dhabi Louvre, and numerous other places - good for nothing other than taking pictures of signs.  It was very disappointing.  Also the minibus was old, and a/c didn't reach the back seats.  Again, the Hilton was wonderful, other than arranging these very lacking tours.

Average establishment overall. Super busy, chaos all around. Tremendous problems with valet. Waited more than 40 minutes.

Fantastic brunch at the Market restaurant. Excellent service from Lal and the chefs went above and beyond to create vegan dishes for my husband. If you are looking for a chilled, quiet brunch with good service and food/drinks options then this is a winner!

אחלה מלון, מאוד נחמדים
Ann gella מאוד עזרה לנו והייתה סופר שירותית!!!

Really unhelpful staff - shocking standards. Stay elsewhere!

Nice and clean rooms, but it is far from the metro station and bus station with no taxi's accept to take you from and to it , the reception need to have more than 4 employees at the rush hours...at the checkout and check in times

فندق جميل جدا خدمة متميزة و غرف مريحة و خدمة فندقية متميزة
لكن يجب التركيز بزيادة و تسهيل خدمة الاستقبال عند الدخول و الخروج

I am very satisfied with the food and everything that came with it.
Special thanks to Mr. Praboth, Tarun, Irshard, Adithya, Musthq, and Shvne.

Amin at the reception was the best excellent in customer service. From check in to check out he attended me with a big smile. My first time in hilton alhabtoor and by far one of the best stays in Dubai. Everyone was friendly and exceptional. Well done.

Nice hotel, could be improved for better. Rooms have obsolete technologies, needs to be updated.

Schöne große Räume, großartige Aussicht.
Schöne Poolanlage im 7. Stock.

Große Auswahl beim Frühstücksbuffet und Abendessen und freundlicher Service von Praboth!

Amazing team in the restaurant, some of the staff members that impressed me were Praboth, Tarun, Irshard, Adithya, Musthq, Shaune.
Thank you very much for your service!

Very good service, polite and kind#praboth//Tarun/Irshard/Adithya/Mustaq/Shune

Praboth, /Tarun/Irhard/Adithya/Musthaq/Shune
👍

Lovely stay, great rooms, amazing breakfast and wonderful Gym. Staff were also excellent.
Riselda, Altamash, Youssef , Gyan, Dimupa and Kirtan were all so helpful and always served with. Smile.

Une expérience extraordinaire et un anniversaire inoubliable

We love you Hilton! We will come back soon!!

Wonderful and professional staff especially the receptionist Amin

Located strategically

Das Hotel liegt an der Business Bay direkt neben Kanal und Sheikh Zayed Road. Ein großer Block mit klassizistischer Fassade, sieht aber bei Dunkelheit gut aus. Toll für Spaziergänge und Radtouren am Kanal.

Und es kommt ja auf die inneren Werte an. Personal ist freundlich. Lobby schick und auch die Flure zu den Zimmern machen einen Fünfsterne Eindruck. Zimmer auch ein wow beim Betreten, aber nicht mehr ganz neu. Aussicht in den oberen Etagen postkartentauglich und trotz Sheikh Zayed Road ruhig.

Beim Frühstück wurde im Hauptrestaurant auf meine Kritik hervorragend eingegangen und ich hatte dank Tarun und Kollegen heute ein tolles Erlebnis. Dort empfiehlt es sich früh zu kommen, sonst wird es arg voll. Die Executive Lounge ist eine luxuriöse Oase der Ruhe im 30. Stockwerk. Erste Wahl fürs Frühstück wenn man Zugang hat.

Pooldeck riesig mit vielen Optionen, im Winter je nach Sonnenstand öfters schattig. Aber das betrifft nur wenige Monate, meistens ist es draußen ja warm bis heiß. Das Gym und der SPA sind ebenfalls sehr groß und hochwertig.

Extremely unprofessional behavior and unacceptable attitude

During my stay, I had a discussion with the Front Office Manager regarding the AED 500 security deposit, despite my room being fully paid. Instead of explaining the policy professionally, the manager made a shocking and offensive remark:

“You can’t afford it.”

This comment was condescending, disrespectful, and completely inappropriate for anyone representing a hotel under an international brand like Hilton. Questioning a deposit policy does not justify insulting a guest or making assumptions about their financial capability.

What makes this worse is that I am personally aware of previous guests (including family members) who stayed at this property and have still not received their security deposit refunds for over a year. This history makes guest concerns entirely valid and should be handled with transparency and respect — not arrogance.

This experience reflects poor customer service, lack of professionalism, and weak management standards. A hotel of this caliber should train its staff to communicate respectfully and uphold the brand’s reputation.

I do not recommend this property based on my experience.

Very good location with easy access to Metro only 5 mins walk. Place to have fun and enjoy with a lot of available activities not to get bored and fun night life if you like to enjoy that type of fun. Crowded weekends and alive area. Recommended in general

Superb service, rooms are excellent and location is heavenly! Great staff but I found Lindah exceptionally amazing in terms of customer service. Ask for Lindah & get the best service of your life

The service is not a 5 star hotel at all, the phone in the room was not working and did not fix it! Overcrowded hotel

An sich zu volles Restaurant, zu volles Hotel. Da passieren Fehler. Aber Tarun wischt die Fehler ganz einfach weg durch tollen Service!

The Market restaurant is excellent, especially the seafood section.. all fresh:) surperb!! I would like thank -Mr. Lal also for great service.

Fantaatic service from Ann Gella and Amin!

Great hotel

organized

good

Thank u very much to Lal,ebrahom
We mostaq  he is very nice and help enjou the breakfast in yhe marjet lovely and supportive staff ofcousrse all the Arrangement donr by mr Irshad
Thabk you fir lovely care

I’m so great to be done in the Market restaurant lovely staff and they celebrate my friend birthday in amazing way shout to Irshad , lal and his team Mostar ebrahim
Great job guys

Personnel très aimable et très serviable, chambres très confortables et petit déjeuner de type buffet, de bonne qualité et très diversifié.
Seul bémol, le bruit de l'autoroute qui jouxte l'hôtel...

I met hotel staff like Sunita and Youssef and generally friendly and professional

The hotel is superb with exemplary services, friendly staff. Outstanding staff include Sunita and Youssef who served me with efficiency and diligence.

Thank you so much for Mr Yousef Gamal from the market Restaurant for his excellent service ,kind attitute and his patient and maximum care during our Dinner he is wonderful employees

Brilliant service. Tanvir is an excellent Host, very professional and knowledgeable. Good waa delicious. All the staff are polite   Thank you

Thank you for the excellent service especially Mr Amr for his kind 'patience and nice welcome to us the hotel feels Proud with person like him

Situated on Sheikh Zayed Road overlooking the Dubai Water Canal, this massive hotel is part of a three-hotel complex (next to the V Hotel and Habtoor Palace).
​The Vibe: Palatial and grand. The lobby is enormous, and the rooms offer stunning views of the Burj Khalifa or the canal.
​Highlights: You are steps away from the spectacular La Perle aqua-show and have access to an expansive 4,000sqm pool deck.
​Best For: Business travelers or those who want a central "hub" to explore both Downtown and Old Dubai easily. O loved their restaurants which is quite busy considering it mostly has corporate crowd. Also, love their loyalty program which is Hilton Honours #Hilton #Dubai #Alhabtoor

Wow effect! Breakfast top! Service top! View unbelievable!

מלון יפה עם הרבה פינוקים

במיוחד העובד יוסוף

Un beau et grand hôtel comme on en trouve souvent à Dubai.
Les chambres sont luxueuses et confortable.
Le service est au top.
Rien à redire…..

The Market Restaurant is delicious with variety of cuisines but I suggest to locate the prayer in the ground floor instead of second floor and I suggest to change the artificial floors to palm or natural flowers to enrich the positive vibes

Of course it was great experience at Hilton and Ebrahim at the market restaurant 1st floor! He knows what to do for his guests and all other are very well educated at service industry too👍

Ibrahim in the market was so helpful and supportive .., thank you

Lal and Ibrahim were great. The food was fantastic. We especially enjoyed the dim sum, Indian food, roast beef, and lobster. The dessert selection was phenomenal too. The atmosphere was nice and relaxing. Our only issue was that we couldn’t grow another stomach for the wonderful food!

Не давоонаУважаемая администрация отеля Hilton Dubai,
Обращаюсь к вам с жалобой на качество уборки номера и работу персонала housekeeping.
Хочу особо отметить, что наш номер не являлся стандартным, а относился к категории повышенного уровня, за который была оплачена соответствующая стоимость. Тем не менее, уровень сервиса не соответствовал ни категории номера, ни стандартам отеля Hilton.
Я заметила, что качество уборки напрямую зависит от того, оставляются ли чаевые.
В дни, когда чаевые оставлялись, уборка проводилась качественно и без замечаний. Однако в другие дни:
халат постоянно предоставлялся только один, несмотря на то, что номер рассчитан на двух гостей;
часть продуктов была съедена персоналом;
грязная посуда была оставлена в номере;
необходимые принадлежности не пополнялись после уборки.
Считаю подобное отношение недопустимым. В отеле международного уровня сервис должен быть стабильным и одинаково высоким для всех гостей, независимо от наличия чаевых.
Прошу обратить внимание на данную ситуацию и принять соответствующие меры.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Outstanding Dining Experience at Hilton Habtoor City

I had one of the best dining experiences at Hilton Habtoor City recently. The entire team, under the exceptional leadership of Mr. Marwan, truly set the standard for excellence.

Special mention to Kyan, Shon, Ujwal, and Roma — each one of them was superb. Their professionalism, warmth, and attention to detail made the evening truly memorable.

The service was flawless, the hospitality outstanding, and the food absolutely delicious. Every element came together perfectly.

Hats off to the entire team — a well-deserved 5-star experience. Highly recommended! 🌟

Awesome 👍😎👍

Great hotel. Great service

Best out of the bestttttt, I love it. Sadly I was too tired and not able to go to enjoy the clubbing that has in our hotel.

Hey good servoce and ambience

We had an amazing experience at The Market. We received excellent service from Rifan, Marwan and Sunita. The chef Rayhan was also very good made us a special meal. Highly recommended restaurant!!

It was a fun experience and also Mr.Praboth and Mr.Mustak and also Mr.Tarun attended us very nicely during our breakfast on both the days.

ツアーで、泊まるの楽しみにしてましたが最悪。
事前に問い合わせしたが、返事なし
還暦で、楽しみにしてましたが、個人ではとまらない。
シャワーや、風呂から水漏れして大変でした

EZZ was very helpful, friendly, polite
Staff very very nice

Subject: Formal Complaint Regarding Elevator Incident

I, [Your Full Name], was a guest at your hotel on 25/01/2026 at 2:00 AM, and during my stay, I was involved in a serious incident while using the elevator. The elevator fell from the 30th floor to the 6th floor, causing me to be trapped inside for more than half an hour without any assistance or intervention from the hotel staff.

Unfortunately, no immediate assistance was provided by the staff, and no emergency measures were taken until the police arrived at the scene. This indicates clear negligence and a failure to adhere to basic safety standards within the hotel.

I would like to emphasize that the lack of attention and negligence by the employees was highly evident, as none of them attempted to communicate with me, provide any instructions, or assist me in exiting the elevator. This greatly increased the fear and psychological stress I experienced during this serious incident. Such negligence is completely unacceptable, especially in a place that is supposed to be safe for guests.

While trapped in the elevator, I experienced extreme fear and continuous anxiety, feeling that my life was in real danger. This incident caused me significant psychological distress, negatively impacting my mental well-being even after being released from the elevator, and resulting in ongoing tension and panic whenever I think about what happened.

Therefore, I request the following:
1.	Conduct an immediate investigation to determine the causes of the elevator incident and the measures that will be taken to ensure the safety of all guests.
2.	Provide an official clarification regarding the preventive measures to avoid such incidents in the future.
3.	Provide adequate compensation for the psychological distress, fear, and suffering I endured during this incident.
4.	Take strict measures against the employees who failed to provide assistance or act appropriately during the incident.

I hope you will treat this complaint seriously, take the necessary actions promptly, and inform me of the results.

서비스 너무 않좋아요, 거짓말 투성이, 호텔방에선 페이트 냄새로 진동해서 방바꿔달라했는데, 기다리라더니 5시간을 넘게 기다렸고 5번을 넘게 전화했는데, 계속 기다리라더니 결국 제기 지쳐서 포기함

מלון מהמם
חדרים נוחים גדולים ומרווחים
ארוחת בוקר טובה
מעל 4 לילות מקבלים כרטיסים למופע לה פרל

Supper nice

Amazing stay as usual my 3rd time using Hilton alhabtoor for consecutive stays in dubai

Hany the duty manager was always so helpful and the front desk.

The communication with the hotel and the entire team was consistently cooperative, professional, and solution-oriented.

Requests were understood quickly, handled transparently, and met with a high level of flexibility and goodwill. It is evident that the team places strong value on service quality, clarity, and a collaborative approach.

Many thanks to the team for the smooth and reliable communication - highly recommended.

Thanks a lot. Highly appreciated ms Daisy Mae and the whole team in Executive lounge and in reservation Mr. Ezz and the team, concierge, and housekeeping

Les chambres sont très bien et le buffet que ce soit pour le petit déjeuner ou le dîner est tellement grand avec pleins de choix de cuisines différentes (indienne, chinoise, orientale, continentale…). Nous sommes toujours bien accueilli par les serveurs qui sont aux petits soins et très rapide. Merci à Raphan pour son accueil lors de mon petit déjeuner.
L’hôtel est bien situé avec le métro à 15 min à pied et une vue sur la tour du Burj Khalifa

Everyone from check-in, to hospitality, to the executive lounge couldn’t have been more helpful and friendly!

Après avoir vainement tenté de me détendre dans un bain chaud ,il n y avait QUE de l eau glacée. Je ne vois pas dans ce cas pourquoi mettre des sels de bain..Ça aurait pu être un moment détente mais non.Tu descends le dire à la réception et on te dit :"Désolé la prochaine fois !!!Lunaire pour un soit disant 5 etoiles

We had a very nice stay. Had an initial issue with our bed which was resolved quickly and seamlessly.
Used the lounge a lot and enjoyed the food and service alike.
Overall very good stay - would recommend.

Food was amazing ..and the view from the executive lounge is wonderful.

We stayed four nights at the V Hotel and got a great upgrade to a round bed suite (Diamond Status). The executive lounge was the best part, great views from 30th floor, lots of space and actually personal service! Daisy Mae was awesome! One of the best Hilton lounges worldwide! We gladly will return!

מיה מהממת . המלון  יפה נקי השרות פה וואו האוכל . המיקום .

good service and amazing good looking location

I attended a wedding in this hotel and the ballroom was nice and the whole venue was very nice.

המקום ממש מעולה יחס מעולה צוות המלון מעולה בקיצור הכל מצויין וכל צוות הקבלה אחד יותר מצויין מהשני רק צריך לעשות אוכל כשר לישראלים

מדהים שירות נהדר

We had amazing stay.

Beautiful

Food amazing and staff even more amazing!!!

Well done on the customer service, out standing

Thank you for an amazing experience and special thanks to Ezz for the lovely service and for being super friendly and helpful. Much appreciated.

Breakfast was amaizing! The market restaurant is great for lunch but even better for breakfast. The team is very helpful and cheerful specially Praboth , Mostak and Chinna!
The perfect way to start your day with!

Peaboth , Chinna & Mostak showed great hospitality and respect to us.

Amazing experience and hospitality especially from Praboth

Très bel hôtel et super chambre avec vue sur Burj Khalifa. Par contre réservation avec demi-pension et c'est là qu'il y a problème car nous ne sommes pas en demi-pension ! Après des palabres, discutions avec la réception et le personnel du restaurant, nous sommes en demi-pension, bien notifié sur le bon de réservation. Le restaurant, nous l'avons appelé notre cantine, très mal disposée, odeur de friture désagréable et pas digne d'un 5*. 3 restos au choix,  celui du palace auquel nous avons droit, nous étions seul, ambiance très froide, l'autre à l'extérieur, n'en parlons pas, le seul qui nous paraissait sympa et dans l'hôtel était payant car privé. Idem à la piscine, payant !!! Je pense que Paris Hilton n'y séjourne pas . Par contre salle de spectacle où nous avons pu voir pour la deuxième fois "La Perle" dans l'hôtel. Le personnel très avenant car je suis en fauteuil roulant. Je ne le conseille pas !!!

فندق فاخر موقع ممتاز خدمة جيدة جدا الاكل لذيذ ومتنوع المواصلات والتنقل سهل

This hotel does not reflect luxury or a 5-star standard at all. The lobby is constantly packed, chaotic, and noisy — it feels more like a busy mall or convention centre than a high-end hotel.

The rooms smell bad, and the overall hotel smells like cigarettes, which is unacceptable for a supposed luxury property.

The breakfast buffet is huge, but the quality is terrible. Big doesn’t mean good — the food was low quality, overcrowded, and honestly one of the worst hotel breakfasts I’ve had.

What made it worse was the constant harassment at breakfast. Every single morning I went, I was stopped and told I didn’t have breakfast included — even though it was booked for my entire stay. The lady at the entrance gave me trouble every morning. Yes, they eventually apologised, but that doesn’t erase being questioned and embarrassed daily just to eat breakfast.

Overall, this hotel is overrated, poorly managed, smells bad, and lacks any sense of luxury. Definitely not worth the price and absolutely not deserving of 5 stars. Would not stay again and would not recommend.

Manjur he is very nice person and loboby lunch its nice decorrer hilton

Lal gopi and ujwal werw wonderful

Мне посчастливилось несколько раз посещать этот отель, и хотелось бы поблагодарить всех работников отеля, но хотелось бы выделить работу Loka, Alesia, всех работников ресторана The Market (все дружелюбны и отзывчивы), и работу консьержев, всегда внимательны. Мы всегда получаем удобные номера, благодарим Loka, который слышит наши потребности.

Manjur, was really great and attentive to servicing us during our stay. He is very friendly And represents the hotel very well. Breakfast here at Hilton is great! There’s a lot of choices.

Sehr schönes Hotel
Erstklassiger Service
Essen hervorragend

Hilton Dubai Al Habtoor City truly deserves 5 stars all around for its ambiance, service, and overall experience. Breakfast was exceptional, and Manjur in particular stood out with his outstanding hospitality and dedication. He went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of and genuinely elevated our stay.

I wanna say great hospitalityin the right placean also do not froget with Mr.praboth sevecice was exselent.thanks for the all the starff.

Un Hotel increíble, lo recomiendo ampliamente, estuvimos mi esposo e hijos en la suite 2201 y fue maravilloso, la atención de todo su personal, en especial agradecimiento a Daisy Mae en el lounge, fue amable y servicial, así como Sandeep y Marikho, nos hicieron sentir muy bien, los tres fueron muy atentos y cuidados con las alergias de mi esposo.

מלון  מושלם שירות מעולה .אליסיה המליצה לנו להתארח  הקומה 44 במסעדה ובאיזור  ||- הפתוח היה ממש כייף ומוזיקה מעולה

Daisy, Dinupa and Sandeep in executive lounge take really good care of all the requirements and personalise as per the guests liking.

פקיד הקבלה Ezz היה מדהים!! שירותי ומקצועי. מגיע לו כל הכבוד ואין ספק שנגיע שוב

Wonderful time, great service, I will definitely come back.

Great stay great food Professional friendly staff specially Mr Ezz in the reception

Very warm & welcoming place.
Breakfast is good. We stayed for 2nights. Staff at reception (specially Amin) helped us in smooth checkin-checkout.

Thank you for the wonderful stay at the hilton Alhabtoor City. Mr Ezz was polite and ease the process of check in and check out.. The restaurant was excellent with delicious intercontinental dishes.

التجربة ممتازه والإقامة رائعه وممتعه nice amin

Great location and overall service.

חדרים מפנקים ביותר

سعدت في الإقامة في فندق هلتون الحبتور  واشكر الاستاذ هاني المدير المناوب في المساعدة والمتابعة المسمرة معي خاصة ومع اصدقائي الاخرين

رهيب

My stay at Hilton Al Habtoor Dubai, especially the Executive Lounge, was truly excellent.

Service: Outstanding and professional. The staff were attentive, welcoming, and always ready to help with a genuine smile, which made the experience very comfortable.

Food: High-quality and delicious, with a good variety of options. Everything was well presented and consistently fresh.

Environment: The Executive Lounge has a calm, elegant, and relaxing atmosphere—perfect for both business and leisure.

Special thanks to Daisy, Sandeeb, Amin, and Gyant for their hard work, warm smiles, and exceptional hospitality. They truly made my stay memorable and deserve special recognition.

I highly recommend the Executive Lounge at Hilton Al Habtoor Dubai

MANJUR IS CORRECT AND VERRY SERVICE IN THE RESTAURANT.  THANKS TO FOR THE CAKE TO MY BRITHDAY THE 15 JANVIER IN MY ROOM 1122

My experience was all great, I enjoyed every moment in this hotel. Very clean, great food, top service, obviously th management is working hard to ensure all runs like a clock! Your Bellboy Andre gave me such a wonderful service on my departure, very grateful to him!!

يوسف كان من افضل الناس الي بتقدم خدمات وساعدنا كتيير واهتم انو يكون كلشي من افضل الاشياء شكرا الك يوسف

Lujoso

فندق رائع جدا وموقع رائع ومناسب للعائلات والأفراد اطلاله رائعة  على برج خليفة جميع خدمات الفندق متوفرة وحبيت حركة احتفالهم معي بكعكة عيد الميلاد جميلة جدا ولفته رائعة 🌹❤️ فعلا لو رحت دبي ما راح اسكن الا في هالفندق الجميل 🌹🌹

Amazing experience
We stayed for 3 days.
Since the moment of check-in everything starts good! All staff was friendly and smiling all the time
We enjoyed our stay immensely. The hotel has a huge, well-kept area,perfect facilities, amiable, friendly personnel always ready to help you in every way. Special thanks to the kitchen chief for cooking a great variety of delicious, healthy and sophisticated dishes.
Perfect holiday stay in downtown Dubai

The Hilton Habtoor Hotel in Dubai offers an exceptional stay, combining comfort, elegance, and warm hospitality in every detail. The overall atmosphere is refined yet welcoming, making each visit feel both relaxing and memorable.

Rooms and cleanliness
The rooms are impeccably clean, well maintained, and thoughtfully prepared, with everything arranged to ensure a tidy and peaceful environment. Daily room service is efficient and discreet, keeping the room fresh, organized, and always ready to enjoy.

Room service and comfort
Room service is prompt, professional, and very attentive to guest needs, delivering orders accurately and with a high standard of presentation. Whether for a quick snack or a full meal, the service enhances the sense of comfort and convenience in the room.

Breakfast restaurant experience
The breakfast restaurant is truly outstanding, offering a rich and varied selection to start the day in the best way. The team is well organized and friendly, and supervisors and managers manage the service smoothly so that everything runs perfectly.

Service by Natasha and team
Natasha greets guests with a wide smile and genuine happiness, immediately creating a positive and welcoming impression. Her warmth, along with the professionalism of the entire team, makes breakfast a joyful part of the stay.

Executive floor and design
The executive floor is impeccably designed, with elegant, professional décor that reflects a high level of taste and attention to detail. The layout, furnishings, and ambiance all contribute to a feeling of exclusivity and comfort, ideal for both business and leisure travelers.

We enjoy very much and espicially at thecreception with mr. AMERN

The hotel is amazing, the breakfast is very nice and the service is excellent especially the waiter Yousef in the restaurant, he is very friendly, helpful and have a good attitude and positive image for the hotel in general and the restaurant specially…

Manjur was amazing - service oriented, welcoming and very nice

I enjoy my time in executive loung with high quality services and very nice hosts especially Daisy and Sandeep
Thanks for your hospitality

Thank you Manjur for your assistance croissants delicious

Sneha and China are two excellent waiters and are very co operative
They were very helpful

Great service by
Dinesh and manager Mr.Tarun

מלון  מצוין מקום במרכז העיר מתאים לצאת לכל מקום.
שירות נהדר חדר מרווח ומפנק.
יש גם ספא נפרד גברים ונשים .

موقع ممتاز مقابل السعر.. الغرف واسعه وشرحه وإطلالة الفندق جميله. اجراءات الدخول والخروج جدا بطيئه

Amin and su nicestaff and friendly

Overall good experience .

The hotel is very good the people
are nice kindly and very worming. The food  in dining room is and yoosef was very kindly with us.l will rekomend too my friends.

Wonderful service by Manjur. A gentleman who saw that we were managed professionally. Appreciate his efforts.

Thank you to Mr Lal for his wonderful service!
The spread was not on power with our expectations. We were hoping to try a variety of dishes.

Excellent way to travel and economic based on increased traffic on the roads. Better value than Taxi

One of the best places in dubai to stay.
Hassan was very humble

Hasan is very responsive person, helped us a lot with the check in process and the the checkout as well.

Such a nice experience with enjoy my trip with hasan

Such a nice stay Hassan Reception

Old but very good quality of hotel , rooms are big , breakfast is very good , prices in the hotel are very high Coffee 30 dirham , service was very good 👍

Je ne peux rien reprocher a l'hôtel. Tout y est parfait.  Mais un point important est négatif : le bruit incessant jusqu'à 4 heures de matin du bar discothèque en haut de l'hôtel.   |Impossible de dormir. Mémé l'oreiller vivrait.   |Le but premier d'un hotel est de dormi.  Pas faire la fête.  Deux nuits quais blanches de suite.  |Je déconseille.

enjoyed the great food in the market restaurant staff are so supportive Mr Tarun and Irshad , yousef, iqtiar are fantastic and we fill well welcomed and gonna be back again , all the staff are kind and coffee is great .

Chinna and sneha in the market restaurant very fabulous service and amazing thank you whole the market team

خدمة رائعة .. اطلالة على خور الحبتور جميلة ..مطعم ٤٤ لايفوتكم اطلالة مجنونة .. منطقة راقية جدا فيها كل الخدمات

Nice place for a decent buffet lunch . Lal ,Gopi and the entire team were excellent! Excellent views as well! Hilton never disappoints!

Merci beaucoup pour les services mr manjur très serviable et souriant.

I was given excellent service by Tanvir who attended to my call and immediately went beyond the call of duty to be of assistance .

מלון מומלץ ביותר במיקום מעולה, מרחק קצר לכל האתרים שחייבים לראות בפעם הראשונה, כולם אדיבים ושירות מצויין

The best hotel in dubai ever, i loved the place so much 🙏🏻

One of the worst hotels I visited

away from the valet poor system (on car pickup) , it was an amazing stay absolutely worth 5 starts

Excellent Hotel with Noce Comfortable room. Hassan from front desk was  very professional and provided excellent service. Recommended for family stay as it's close to downtown.

I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai AlHabtoor city ! The location was perfect for exploring downtown just 3 KM from Dubai mall and Burj Khalif, the staff, especially Mr Luke and Haitham, were incredibly friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and tidy and the staff are very supportive .
I would like to thank Ms Daisy , Mr Sandeep &  Mr Gyan for their high quality of service in terms of assisting guests in the excutive lounge , I loved the crushed avocado toast with poached eggs and spinach ans the fresh dosa , there are many varieties of swlection for brrakfast either in the buffet or from the breakfast menu, the excutive lounge team will be glad to help you.
Thanks a lot for your professionality and looking forward to seeing you soon !

The staff was very friendly special thanks to sir Praboth, and sir Tarun. They were really friendly

The hotel is located in a great location. The rooms, service and staff are impeccable. The breakfast is on a level offering tastes for everyone. I recommend visiting the show that is played in the hotel building - La perle - it's great!

Vi har haft en fin vistelse på Hilton Al Habtoor City. Väldigt allert service som är mån om sina gäster. Det kan stundbis bli mycket folk i restaurangen Market men personalen hanterar det bra. Jag rekommenderar skarpt Executive Lounge där då kan avnjuta en aperitif med fin service, lugn miljö och bra utsikt. Det ligger fint vid Dubai Canal. Rummen är stora och välskötta men börjar få några är på nacken. Samma med poolområdet. Att kunna åka shuttlebus till stranden har varit magiskt.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Min vistelse på Hilton i Dubai var helt fantastisk och överträffade alla förväntningar. Hotellet är i toppklass, men det som verkligen gjorde upplevelsen minnesvärd var den otroliga personalen.

Från första stund blev jag bemött med genuin värme, professionalism och ett leende som fick mig att känna mig både välkommen och omhändertagen. Personalen var alltid hjälpsam, uppmärksam på detaljer och gjorde det lilla extra för att säkerställa att vistelsen blev perfekt. Servicen höll en exceptionellt hög nivå genom hela vistelsen.

Tack till hela teamet på Hilton Dubai för en oförglömlig upplevelse. Jag rekommenderar detta hotell varmt och ser redan fram emot att komma tillbaka!

👍🏻👍🏻🫶🏻

We had an amazing New Year celebration at Hilton Al Habtoor! Everything was perfectly organized — great festive atmosphere, delicious food, fantastic entertainment, and excellent service. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the hotel itself is stylish and very comfortable. A truly memorable way to welcome the New Year. Highly recommended! 🎉✨

I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. A special mention to the lady at the front desk vanessa who assisted me during check-in and check-out. she was welcoming, patient, and very professional. Explained to me what are the events as i was here for new year. Asked me if i wanted to avail discounted things for the new year. Her friendliness made the stay even more pleasant. Excellent service! Room were clean and spacious as well. Your room are always maked up and the bed is really comfortable. This is my second time here and will always choose to stay here coz of the wonderful service.

I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. A special mention to the lady at the front desk vanessa who assisted me during check-in and check-out. she was welcoming, patient, and very professional. Explained to me what are the events as i was here for new year. Asked me if i wanted to avail discounted things for the new year. Her friendliness made the stay even more pleasant. Excellent service! Room were clean and spacious as well. Your room are always maked up and the bed is really comfortable. This is my second time here and will always choose to stay here coz of the wonderful service.

I stayed at the Hilton Al Habtoor City with my husband and our two boys over Christmas and New Year’s. Overall, the entire staff is extremely friendly and attentive, truly trying to fulfill every wish. However, there are always some employees who stand out because they are exceptionally warm and personable, where the chemistry is right from the very beginning.

Mr. Tarun, for example, at breakfast on the first floor. On the very first morning, he noticed what we liked to drink and eat, and from then on, these were practically ready for us as soon as we entered the restaurant. We could count on a friendly greeting from the kitchen every morning. Simply heavenly – thank you so much, Mr. Tarun 😀😀

Mr. Amro, the manager of all the restaurants in the hotel, whom we got to know during the last four days of our stay, also made a big impression on our boys. He, too, arranged a morning greeting from the kitchen every day. Truly excellent service.

And finally, Mr. Maritini, the manager of the housekeeping team. He made sure that we received the most beautiful rooms.

I would like to add one more thing: everyone here does their job, but when you treat people with kindness and respect, you receive it back – and often even more. This has nothing to do with money. I will definitely return to this hotel. Thank you to everyone for such a wonderful holiday.

Beautiful and spacious room, great location.

good service great break fast all was completely..only when we coming the bags take a lot of time to get it
general very nice and we was happy here

I spent 6 nights at Hilton Dubai Habtoor City with my family k..and had a truly great experience. The hotel is very well kept, and the rooms were always fresh, tidy, and comfortable, which made the stay relaxing from day one.
The food options were impressive, with plenty of variety and great taste throughout my stay. I’d especially like to recognize Amro, the Food Manager, who made a real difference. He was attentive, caring, and ensured we were always looked after, making every dining experience feel special.
The team at the hotel deserves a lot of credit also.
always polite, helpful, and welcoming. Overall, it was a fantastic stay, and I would gladly return and do recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.

I had an absolutely amazing stay at Hilton Dubai Habtoor City, and I can confidently say it was one of the best hotel experiences I’ve ever had. I stayed for 6 nights, and from the moment I arrived until the day I checked out, everything was flawless.
The cleanliness of the hotel truly stood out. My room was spotless every single day, with housekeeping paying great attention to detail. Everything felt fresh, comfortable, and perfectly maintained, which made coming back to the room after a long day such a pleasure.
The breakfast food was another highlight of my stay. There was an incredible variety.
The quality was consistently excellent, with fresh ingredients, delicious flavors, and plenty of options to suit all tastes.
I would especially like to give a huge thank you to Amro, the Food Manager, who truly made our experience exceptional. He genuinely cared about us and made sure everyone received special treatment. His attention, kindness, and professionalism did not go unnoticed, and he went above and beyond to ensure every meal was enjoyable and memorable.
What really made this stay unforgettable was the staff overall. Every single person I interacted with was warm, professional, and genuinely eager to help. They went above and beyond to make sure I was comfortable and felt welcome, always greeting me with a smile and making the experience feel personal rather than routine.
From the atmosphere to the service, comfort, and overall luxury, everything about this hotel exceeded my expectations. I truly felt relaxed and well taken care of throughout my stay. I would 100% recommend Hilton Dubai Habtoor City to anyone visiting Dubai and would happily stay here again without hesitation.

Konum olarak mükemmel
Odalar biraz eski
Temizlik güzel
Fiyat çok iyi

Good 👍

Top magnifique , emplacement parfait |Super petit déjeuner et dîner |Les chambres sont spacieuses propres |L accueil excellent , hygiène impeccable |Je conseille vivement cet établissement

رائع ومميز وهادئ .. من الفنادق المريحة جدا في دبي والخدمة والاستقبال مبهرة

,I will recommend the hotel great location friendly staff and the most important i want to give a huge thank you to Caroline and Donna who made my stay more enjoyable

Our stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah was excellent! The breakfast was delicious and varied, and throughout the week, the kids always had something to eat — which is the most important thing 😊 The private beach, large pool, adults-only pool area, and the lounge — everything you need for a perfect vacation. Thank you to the staff for their responsiveness — the  manager Hazif,  the team at the lounge: Ruslan, April, and Erico

Eloisa was very welcoming and had a great smile. She was very friendly and assigned us to a room with a beautiful sea view. The check in was very smooth and probably one of the fastest check in experiences I have ever had. The rest of the staff are friendly as well and very responsive to our requests. Definitely coming back here!

Best hotel in Dubai for our family . Thanks a lot for upgrade to Eloisa and Tashila .

Valet parking needs training they forgot to gave me the card, yet they blamed me for not having it.  Management this is not accepted. Self parking should be introduced.

Our recent stay at Holton The Walk was a truly delightful experience that exceeded all our expectations! From the moment we arrived, we were greeted with warm hospitality that set the tone for an unforgettable family getaway.

Accommodation:
The suite we booked was spacious, beautifully decorated, and impeccably clean. It provided us with all the amenities we needed, making it feel like a cozy home away from home. The comfortable beds ensured we all had restful nights, and the stunning views of Ain dubai from your bed was the best part.

Facilities:
The facilities at Holton The Walk are fantastic! The kids loved the pool area, which was both fun and relaxing.We had good time in adult pool area to relax our body.The access to beach, the fantastic sunset view of Ain dubai of blue water island, the beach sports activities is just perfect.The on-site restaurant served delicious meals, drinks with energetic vibes.The breakfast buffet was a highlight—offering a wonderful selection of fresh fruits, pastries, and hot dishes to start our days right.

Location:
The location is perfect for family activities. We enjoyed exploring the nearby JBR, the beach ,the walk, the blue water island .

Service:
The staff went above and beyond to ensure our stay was enjoyable. They were friendly, attentive, and always willing to help with any requests or recommendations. It truly made us feel valued as guests.

Overall, our stay at Holton The Walk was nothing short of fantastic. we are already looking forward to our next visit! Highly recommended for anyone seeking a memorable staycation!

The revervation team were very helpful
I was dealing with HANNA she is very professional kind and helpful
Thank you

I had a great experience with my family from the team in Hilton Dubai Jumeirah during our two morning breakfasts in oceana restaurant the team there were very kind and caring, starting with Joan ,Amr at the reception also assisted us with some information Lydia,Margaret at the coffee bar and Myint were great and they made our breakfast experience great.

Our whole stay experience was perfect from the Suit that we had and also the birthday decorations we got from the room service since it was my birthday was so nice.The breakfast was also delicious and I would like to recognize some of the people that made my birthday staycation:Joan,Amr,Maggie,Lydia and our waitress Myint they all played a major work of delivering proper guest experience they are really fun people and their way of work should be recognized.Thanks to the Team in General.

One of the best view. We can see ain dubai giant wheel. The checkin was delayed too much. The time we got our rooms was 9pm. Dinner and breakfast was good.

best experience ever, fast service, perfect location , polite staff , i booked again after leaving 👍🏻

It's a breathtaking experience..

We enjoyed our stay and the best part is my 4yr old son really enjoyed during our stay since the facilities are kid friendly. Ms Yvette and Meryl from the Front Desk are very accommodating and helpful. Ms Temi from Guest Relations also.

We had exceptional stay in the hotel, the staff are so helpful specially Caroline at the front desk was so cheerful and helpful with great hospitality attitude and experience i think she has to be promoted honestly, people like her deserve higher places in the hospitality field and I’m sure she will do perfect job for the visitors, it was my first time staying at Hilton the walk and I’m sure I’ll come back , the hotel has everything you need from beach to nice pools and rooms with amazing views and delicious foods , thank you so much for everything.

Located along the vibrant beachfront of Jumeirah Beach Residence, Hilton Dubai Jumeirah The Walk offers a welcoming blend of comfort, convenience, and exceptional hospitality. The hotel provides a wide range of services, including well-appointed rooms, diverse dining options, direct beach access, leisure facilities, and attentive guest support designed to ensure a seamless and enjoyable stay.

Within this environment, Zayed stands out as a dedicated and professional member of the housekeeping team. He consistently demonstrates attention to detail, reliability, and a strong commitment to maintaining the highest standards of cleanliness and presentation. His positive attitude and respectful approach contribute to creating a comfortable and pleasant experience for every guest.

Kann man machen.
Aber ich denke nicht für die Original Preise. Im Moment gibt es Rabatte dafür absolute okay.

We had a pleasant stay overall. The team particularly Eloisa was welcoming and professional, the check-in was smooth, and the room was clean and comfortable. The service team was attentive, and the location was very convenient. Thank you to the team for the great hospitality. We look forward to staying again.

We had a truly great experience while on our family vacation. The amenities of the hotel is still on the top. The quality of services were exceptional and had great standards. Special thanks to the frontline receptionist Ms. Donna and Eloisa. The restaurant waitress Gracia and Devi were helpful and polite as well as housekeeping services  Bijance for his  kind assistance. Overall, its truly unforgettable stay with the family will surely comeback!

Review from a Guest Relations professional (former Hilton team member)||Our recent stay was nothing short of exceptional, reflecting the finest standards of luxury hospitality. We reserved Room 611 via Hilton Honors, a platform that offers remarkable convenience and personalization — from selecting the exact room to accessing digital key services, ensuring a seamless pre-arrival experience.||As we were celebrating a birthday, we had indicated this at the time of booking. The response we received from Daina was prompt, gracious, and genuinely attentive. She kindly arranged a complimentary in-room decoration along with a birthday cake — a thoughtful and elegant gesture that immediately elevated our expectations.||Upon arrival, the check-in experience was impeccably executed. With everything prepared in advance, the process was swift and effortless, allowing us to proceed directly to our room. The receptionist demonstrated a high level of professionalism, poise, and efficiency — a true reflection of refined hospitality.||Entering the room was a moment of pure delight. The birthday setup was beautifully curated, with meticulous attention to detail and a sophisticated presentation. It created a warm, celebratory atmosphere that felt both personal and luxurious.||The Housekeeping team deserves special recognition for maintaining impeccable standards. The room was pristine, elegantly prepared, and thoughtfully equipped with premium amenities, ensuring complete comfort throughout our stay.||The pool area further complemented the experience, offering a serene and well-maintained environment — ideal for relaxation and unwinding in a refined setting.||Overall, the stay was a true testament to excellence in hospitality. The seamless coordination between departments, intuitive service, and genuine attention to guest preferences made this experience truly memorable.||We extend our sincere appreciation to the entire team and look forward to returning in the near future. This property comes highly recommended for those seeking a distinguished and elevated stay

Akash made my stay absolutely wonderful ,quick assistance and genuine care made a huge difference ...I would like to thank the whole Hilton team including April and shino for making my experience so special |Will definitely be back

Review from a Guest Relations professional (former Hilton team member)

Our recent stay was nothing short of exceptional, reflecting the finest standards of luxury hospitality. We reserved Room 611 via Hilton Honors, a platform that offers remarkable convenience and personalization — from selecting the exact room to accessing digital key services, ensuring a seamless pre-arrival experience.

As we were celebrating a birthday, we had indicated this at the time of booking. The response we received from Daina was prompt, gracious, and genuinely attentive. She kindly arranged a complimentary in-room decoration along with a birthday cake — a thoughtful and elegant gesture that immediately elevated our expectations.

Upon arrival, the check-in experience was impeccably executed. With everything prepared in advance, the process was swift and effortless, allowing us to proceed directly to our room. The receptionist demonstrated a high level of professionalism, poise, and efficiency — a true reflection of refined hospitality.

Entering the room was a moment of pure delight. The birthday setup was beautifully curated, with meticulous attention to detail and a sophisticated presentation. It created a warm, celebratory atmosphere that felt both personal and luxurious.

The Housekeeping team deserves special recognition for maintaining impeccable standards. The room was pristine, elegantly prepared, and thoughtfully equipped with premium amenities, ensuring complete comfort throughout our stay.

The pool area further complemented the experience, offering a serene and well-maintained environment — ideal for relaxation and unwinding in a refined setting.

Overall, the stay was a true testament to excellence in hospitality. The seamless coordination between departments, intuitive service, and genuine attention to guest preferences made this experience truly memorable.

We extend our sincere appreciation to the entire team and look forward to returning in the near future. This property comes highly recommended for those seeking a distinguished and elevated stay

Great stay and amazing staff! Specially for elois and atiq big thanks for helping me with the Hilton Honors app really appreciate!

Stayed here just for one night but it was beautiful. Lydia at reception is superstar. She made our stay magnificent, very friendly and explained all the facilities to make sure we don’t miss anything. she made us already planning next visit. We got amazing upgrade, room was spacious, breakfast has lot of options, pool and beach also great

It's a fantastic experience to relax and accommodating staff. Shout out to Erasmo, Luisa and Donna. Thanks guys

Nothing to say but wow! Amazing and relaxing experience. Will definetely coming back. Thank you to the friendly and accommodating front office staff especially Erasmo, louisa and donna.

Everything was good. Special thanks to Erasmo, louisa and donna they been helpful and so friendly with us!  Breakfast was nice too. Room was really nice. Thank you so much and see you next time!

Amazing experience thank you for accommodating and friendly welcoming for us the front of the house irasmo,Louisa and also Donna

Had a staycation for two nights. Shout out to ghazali for giving us the room early and upgrading us to the sea side. Thank you for your generosity. I will visit again soon.

We had a good stay at the hotel. The room was clean, the staff were friendly and everything was comfortable. Special thanks to donna, erasmo and louisa.

Hilton hotel is one of the best locations you would love to spend your precious family time. The service was second to none. Allah front office and concierge were amazing. Atiq and Sisay were exceptional.

Thank Rashid for kind service

Absolutely unacceptable valet service.

The staff managed to lose both my car and my car key. I was left waiting for nearly 1.5 hours while they searched, with no clear communication or accountability.

I was standing outside on a crowded street in the heat with my three children, which made the situation even worse and completely unacceptable for any hotel claiming a decent standard of service.

The most shocking part is how disorganized their key system is. All keys are thrown into a box with hundreds of others, with no proper labeling or tracking system. It is chaotic, unprofessional, and raises serious concerns about security.

If I had not located my car myself through my mobile app, I genuinely believe they would have taken even longer.

This is not just poor service, it’s a complete failure of basic operations. I would strongly advise others to think twice before trusting this valet service.

Caroline and Eloisa are great, they help me a lot about my concern, overall they are excellent  in customer service.

Stay was gr8 |Mr Arbab Khan at concierge was wonderful always willing to help |Thanks

Lounge в Hilton Dubai Jumeirah (JBR) = идеальное место для отдыха! ✨||Что понравилось:|✔️ Стильный дизайн и панорамные виды 😍|✔️ Персонал — просто волшебники! Април, Руслан и Ерика вежливые, внимательные, запоминают, что ты любишь, и предугадывают желания 🥰|✔️ Вкуснейшие десерты и напитки ☕️🍰|✔️ Тишина и комфорт 🤫||Ощущение, будто тебя знают много лет — настолько тёплое и индивидуальное отношение. Если ищете уголок спокойствия с видом на море — вам сюда! Обязательно посетите, не пожалеете! ❤️ #HiltonDubai #JBR #DubaiLounge

I would like to express my best wishes and appreciation to April, Ruslan and Erika for their professionalism !

It was a great time thank you so much for your good service attitude by Mr Ghazali everything was great.

Ruslan, Eifi & Moffat was the best they are very active and they service was excellent the hotel is perfect and the service for awesome

Everything is 5 star: Value for money, staff beach access and amenities are Superb

Will be back next month for my Birthday!

The room is quite big.  The beds, balcony and seating area are lovely.. There is plenty of cabinet space. I loved the Crabtree and Evelyn products in the bathroom .

I am staying at this hotel for a business trip, and the noise situation is absolutely unacceptable. What appears to be a restaurant turns into a nightclub at night, and the music and noise continue until 3:00 AM, clearly audible from the rooms. It is simply impossible to sleep in these conditions.||For a hotel that is supposed to host guests, including business travelers, this is inadmissible. After a long working day, I need rest, not to be kept awake for hours by loud music and constant disturbance. A hotel must ensure minimum comfort and quiet during the night, and this establishment has completely failed on that point.||I would not recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a restful stay, especially if you are traveling for work.

Nice hotel

Очень понравился отель. Номера хорошие. Приезжаем всей семьей каждую неделю так как живем в другом эмирате и бывают дела в Дубае. . Ребенок с удовольствием проводит время в детском клубе который закрывается в 6:30 ( ПОЖАЛУЙСТА СДЕЛАЙТЕ ДЕТСКИЙ КЛУБ ДО 8-9 вечера!!! )||Executive lounge team молодцы. Каждый раз когда мы приезжаем , нас сопровождает Руслан и делает это отлично. Всегда поможет , всегда принесет что-то уберет. А также  его коллеги, которые тоже сопровождают нас в компании с Русланом , к сожалению их имен не помним. |Отдельное Спасибо EiEi. Однажды она организовала пельмени для нашего ребенка (которые уже закончились в лаунже). ||Спасибо вам за всё! отель супер , лаундж супер , Руслан супер , только детский клуб сделайте дольше пожалуйста)

Stayed here for 2 nights last week and absolutely loved it. The front office team made the check-in process very quick and smooth, and we also had convenient access to Hilton Jumeirah via the connected bridge. Highly recommended! 🌟🌟

Hotel was so good and clean rooms are so luxury with sea view is memorable thanks to gays Atiq and Rabi they help always

Hilton dubai the walk is amazing hotel with great view service is also amazing everything was memorable thanks to Atiq and Rabie for your information and help

I am currently staying at Hilton Dubai The Walk, and the stay overall has been comfortable and enjoyable. The rooms are spacious, clean, and well-maintained, providing a relaxing environment for families.

However, the main concern during this stay has been the breakfast and dinner arrangements at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. As guests from Hilton The Walk are directed there for meals, the dining areas become significantly congested, especially during peak hours. Finding a table can be difficult, queues are often long, and the overall experience feels crowded rather than relaxing.

The situation clearly reflects a gap in planning and resource allocation. While the staff are extremely polite, professional, and working very hard, they appear understaffed for the volume of guests being handled. This puts unnecessary pressure on them and impacts the guest experience.

The administration should take a more proactive role in managing this—either by reopening additional dining facilities at Hilton The Walk or by increasing staffing and capacity at Hilton Jumeirah during busy periods. Better crowd management and operational planning would greatly improve the overall experience.

In summary, while the rooms and staff are excellent, the congestion during breakfast and dinner needs urgent attention from management to match the standards expected from the Hilton brand.

لقد استمتعت بهذه التجربة في فندق هلتون  واشكر الموظفين وعلى راية رشيد و دونا و آسود على الخدمة الرائعة

Good stay, good value for the money

I stayed there with my family , it was very nice stay to all of us from the room , pool and beach, all hotel facilities with restaurants service and the one who make our stay more enjoyable was Adnan from Oceana kitchen with his warm welcomes and great smile to complete the hospitality experience with Hilton, he is a star, thanks and I will definitely recommend the hotel to all my friends

Hotel is so good and staaf is amazing thanks for Atiq rodrick and rabi

Is so good and amazing stay thanks Atiq and rodrick

Is really 5 star ⭐ hotel we hade a good memories thanks Atiq and rodrick

Is great experience with Hilton first time thanks for Atiq and rodrick

The service was outstanding and truly exceeded expectations. Mr. Adnan demonstrated exceptional professionalism and hospitality

Thanks to Atiq rideick and sissy and rabi

It was truly memorable staycation. Had my birthday celebration and could not be any happier by choosing to stay in here. The service was amazing, rooms are spacious and well maintained, location is close to the beach. I would like to thank everyone who made our staff enjoyable. Special thanks to Hanna and Tashila who handled our check in  and Basel who welcomed with a geniune and sincere smile and even offered to take our bags. Also special thanks to Roderick as well. At the Oceana restaurant, special mention to Charity, Anil, Natasya, Nesl. Thank you all for your service. Glenda, the barista for breakfast was truly a star, her smile and service is truly commendable. Lastly to Donna at FO, thank you for going above and beyond with your service. You truly made my birthday even more special with the cake that you sent.

Specially in these times, I thank the staff truly for their dedication in providing quality service to the guests. Thank you once again.

Thanks Atiq and mark

Excellent and good service special mention Rashid Bilal and Atiq are always helping in the concierge and Christine in front office so helpfull see u all again

Such amazing hotel with great service and amazing locationThe room is huge and the view IS stunning Staff are great at every step

Excellent service and very helpful

Thank you Donna and Siday

Exceptional quality service. Very friendly, professional and helpful staff, especially Tashila, Donna and Hanna. I

The experience was good, but I do not recommend booking half board or full board. Breakfast only is fair.

أفضل فندق أقمت فيه في جي بي آر دبي واستمتعت كثير مع عائلتي.أقمت في جناح ٤ غرف نوم مع اطلالة على البحر وعين دبي جميلة جدا والجناح والغرف نظيفة جدا ومريحة للإقامة والسرير مريح للنوم وكل شيء كان كأنه جديد وكل هذا كان بسعر ممتاز جدا جدا وسعيد الزيارة مره أخرى بالتأكيد . لم أواجه مشكلة في المصعد بسبب عدم ازدحام الفندق بهذا الوقت لذا كنت محظوظه. المواقف متوفرة في الفندق والستاف جميعهم متعاونين وخدومين وأشكرهم

My stay at Hilton Dubai The Walk was absolutely perfect. From the moment I arrived. The staff were incredibly welcoming and attentive, the room was spotless and comfortable, and the facilities were top-notch. The overall experience was seamless and truly enjoyable. I couldn’t have asked for a better stay and will definitely return.
Big thanks to Christine from reception ❤️

Booked with the hotel directly but had to cancel due to the issues in Middle East, the refund was processed on the 12th March 2026, was sent the refund invoice same day and was told that the money would be with me in 7 to 14 days max. We are now on day 21 and hotel still has not processed the refund and stopped replying to email. It’s disappointing that the hotel treats its loyal customers like this. I have other bookings for same hotel for later on the year and will now be cancelling all of them.

You expect better from the Hilton brand and a so called 4 start hotel.

Stayed at Hilton Dubai The Walk with two friends and had a wonderful experience from start to finish. Although it was my first time at the property, it immediately felt like home for us.

We were pleasantly surprised with a room upgrade, which made our stay even more comfortable. A special thank you to Mr. Ali for the upgrade and Erasmo & Donna for making our check-in so smooth and welcoming.

The amenities were excellent, everything was well-maintained and thoughtfully arranged for guests. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive throughout our stay.

One of the highlights for us was the pool area. The atmosphere was relaxed and enjoyable, with lovely music playing that made it the perfect place to unwind and spend time together. The view from the property was also beautiful and added to the overall experience.

Overall, a memorable stay with great service, comfort, and ambiance. Would definitely come back

Well recommended

Švaru, lokacija gera, didelis baseinas, restorano maistas puikus.

We stayed here for Eid days( 20-21 March). Rooms are clean and well designed. They care about environment and they use refill glass water bottles inside rooms and in restaurants not usual plastic bottles. Outdoor swimming pools are clean and are near private beach with good view and sunbeds. Pools and beach are accessible through a bridge connecting Hilton the walk and Hilton Jumeira resort . It is walking distance to Dubai Marina Mall( about 30 minutes) but beware of stirs you need to pass to reach the main street near tram station.
Lifts are quite confusing and long waiting time to reach your floor. There was no clear sign which lift to use for those parked their car in the parking. We ended up to kitchen and staff toilet after checkout while looking for our parking spot . On Eid day dinner buffet was a mess and disappointing experience. Long waiting line before entering Hartisan restaurant and another long line for food. Some food containers ran out. Some refilled one hour later and some never refilled. Overall we enjoyed our stay as this place has its own private sandy beach.
I suggest they put lables for food in arabic in addition to english in buffet. I saw some arab guests smell the food to find out what it is and could not decide eat that or no.

الخدمه ممتازه
فطور جميل
العشاء ما انصح فيه

Очень вкусно,все веселые и спасибо Руслан

We stay here to celebrate our Eid, the hotel offer amazing facilities as we can use the pool from the other Hilton hotel just cross the street, the staff from the front desk to housekeeping did amazing work, for sure will be back again in the future, not to forget the variety food during the breakfast.

I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel with my friends. The breakfast was delicious 👌
A big thank you to Walid at reception , he was extremely kind, helpful, and made everything smooth for us. Truly outstanding service 🙏

Once again best stay in JBR thank u Hilton

Excellent service and a great choice overall. The staff were attentive and professional (especially Nishant) making the stay smooth and enjoyable. Highly recommended for both comfort and quality.

All services and restaurants are nearby by walking distance

It was good experience as hotel is surrounded by some amazing views and beautifully designed beach area. Loved it👍🏻

We had an amazing stay at this hotel. The reception team was accommodating, helpful, and efficient during our check-in and check-out, especially Ms. Christine and Mr. Ras. The amenities are exceptional! We look forward to coming back again. 😊😃

Nice location, very kind receptionist. Rooms are nice. I just didnt like the shower.

I would definitely recommend this place to others who are looking for a comfortable, clean, and welcoming stay.

Great stay.. very nice hotel at JBR.Direct access to beach and pool

A wonderful stay, perfect beach, and a huge thank you to Eloisa at the front desk!

We had a very pleasant stay at the Hilton Dubai The Walk. First and foremost, we would like to say a massive thank you to Eloisa at the front desk, who was incredibly helpful with our accommodation and arranged everything for us perfectly and with a great attitude.

The hotel breakfasts are simply awesome – there is a huge selection, but the absolute highlight for us was their delicious Eggs Benedict! The walk to the beach is very short. You just cross through the sister hotel opposite, and it's perfectly fine to go over wearing just your swimsuit and a t-shirt. The beach itself and the main pool are very well equipped. A huge plus is that we never had an issue finding available sun loungers and an umbrella, even when arriving after 10 AM. The beach is private and monitored by the staff, which keeps it peaceful. The sea was lovely and the water gets deep quite quickly, which is absolutely ideal for swimmers.

The location is fantastic. Right on the main street in front of the hotel, there is an almost endless array of restaurants. Over our six days, we dined somewhere different every evening, and the food was always excellent. Furthermore, it's an easy walk from the hotel to the Dubai Marina area, which features a large shopping mall (Marina Mall). If you don't mind a bit of walking, you can even reach the metro station on foot, so you definitely don't have to rely on taxis everywhere you go. Overall, we were extremely satisfied and highly recommend this hotel!

All good

Ubedljivo naj naj hotel sve preporuke za lokaciju osoblje od recepcije do momaka na plazi

Хороший отель за свои деньги. Уставший интерьер, но с шикарным местоположением, есть пляж, бассейн, подземный паркинг

Wonderful Family Stay at Hilton Dubai The Walk

We had a truly wonderful experience staying at Hilton Dubai The Walk with my family.

The check-in process was fast, smooth, and very welcoming. Even though my birthday was on the day of our departure, the team had thoughtfully prepared a birthday cake in our room without us even mentioning it. Such a beautiful and unexpected gesture — it really meant a lot to us.

The room was very clean, spacious, and fully equipped with everything we needed for a comfortable family stay.

The location is excellent — right in the heart of The Walk — with direct access to a beautiful private beach, which made everything so convenient and enjoyable.

The staff were exceptionally friendly and professional. A special thank you to Ashim for his kindness and help with our luggage.

Everything was perfect. We will definitely return!

Concierge service are Fantastic Thanks Arbab Khan Radrick both are helpful

Atiq thanks for your help in the parking

​I recently had the pleasure of spending time in the Executive Lounge, and I cannot say enough about the outstanding service provided by Agather and Samana.

Bad and dirty.

Всё хорошо. Персонал отличный, доброжелательный.

Всё хорошо. Персонал отличный, доброжелательный.

Sehr tolles Hotel, tolle Zimmer und Himmerservices, Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und auch zu Kinder sehr.|Sauberkeit ist top. Tolle Lage und toller Strand. Das Frühstückessen im 9er Stock ist erher klein, in der Lobby ist es grösser und vielfältiger. Jedoch jeden Tag das gleiche. Feiner Cappucino 😌 am Strand ist der Services ebenfalls super und sehr freundlich sowie hilfsbereit. Fühlten uns sehr wohl. Auch unser Sohn hatte sehr Spass. Das Kinderspielzimmer war für ihn sehr gut hatte tolle Spiele. |Wenn wir wieder nach dubai verreisen würden würden wir sofort das hotel wieder buchen.

We had a wonderful stay at this beautiful hotel. Everything was clean well maintained and the staff was very friendly and helpful. A very special thanks goes to Sameh, who did our check-in. He was absolutely amazing and improved our entire stay by 100%. His kinednes, professionalism and possitive attitude made a huge difference for us. The hotel is fantastic but for us, Sameh was the higlight of the whole experience! We reuly appreciate everything hi did for us and would gladly come back again. Many thanks ❤️

Hilton Dubai the walk exceeded my expectation The location is Perfect The room was impeccable and comfortable The service was exceptional with very polite and helpful staff Thank you Arbab khan for your kind assistance

Сервис на высшем уровне ,появился бассейн с подогревом 16+ все аккуратно.

Ottima posizione dell'hotel. Alla Concierge Signor Mani di grande professionalità e disponibilità!

Odlična lokacija za šetnju, ali uz stalnu buku i zvuk klima uređaja u pozadini...

Prostrane sobe, a najvažnije sa odličnom higijenom...

Tolles Hotel nicht sehr groß (im Vergleich zu den anderen Hotel in der Nähe) aber das wollten wir so!. Die Lage ist Genial, der Strand ist sehr gut, das Essen und allgemein die Atmosphäre hat mir alles gut gefallen, das Restaurant mit dem Buffet war sehr sehr gut organisiert! Wir haben immer einen Tisch bekommen egal wie vill das war, das Personal war sehr freundlich. Ich würde immer wieder gerne da buchen. |Nur das Bett war für mich persönlich etwas zu hart... 😅

Anissa duty manager is so sweet and kind I loved my stay and the hospitality of this resort!

Wonderful stay  excellent costumer service staff very  professional especially Nishanth  he explained about the hotel facilities and how to reach marina mall .. I will come back again  see u all ...soon

Thanks Atiq for your help

I am staying at Hilton the walk only for few days concierge staff are so polite and helpful specially thanks to Roderick and Arbab khan

After a long flight we turned up at the hotel at about 1am, to find our room was no longer available and to be put in a ‘holding room’ which was of a lower standard to what we had prepaid. This was very disappointing and not something you’d expect from a Hilton hotel.
Overall we experienced 3 rooms at this hotel for a 4 night stay, and can fairly say all the rooms were quite dated, they had very little sound proofing making all hallway noises very loud and it easy to hear anything going on in an adjacent room. In addition to this, all rooms had a door that gave access to an adjoining room, which we found unusual and even had someone in the other room tried to get into ours at 2am.
The lifts were another challenge, often having to wait over 10 minutes until one finally arrived. This was mentioned by other people we met in the lifts and was even worse at busy times such as breakfast.
When complaining to the main desk about the first night, they tried to suggest an appropriate recompense was £30, as we had paid significantly more than this per night, this was not only disappointing but dismissive of the impact moving rooms at 2am after a long flight had on us.
Whilst this location was good for access to restaurants, we would note that from 10pm to the early hours the road is incredibly busy and loud, with cars showing off and revving engines throughout the evening.
A taxi to the Dubai Mall was about £20 from here.

Очень понравился отель, сервис, персонал - все на отличном уровне. Отдельное спасибо Аните за помощь!
Обязательно вернёмся ещё раз

Большое спасибо Hanna за доброжелательный приём! Отзывчивость Hanna помогла чувствовать себя как дома. Она работает по высшей категории. Hanna хорошо говорит на русском и английском языке. Нам это помогло в общении и мы без проблем узнали при заселение какой  нам нужен  ресторан для ужина, так как мы отдыхали с двумя детьми, так же  Hanna обьяснила где находится  игровая комната для детей.

It was so wonderful experience in Hilton the walk.
All the staff was so cooperative but mR Atiq and hameed is just wawwo.

Великі чисті номери. Смачні різноманітні сніданки та вечері. Біля пляжу.
Приємний персонал.

Хороший отель. Удачно расположен. Вежливые сотрудницы Ханна и Аниса быстро заселили, рассказали где что находится.

Excellent staff me mark the parking very helpful  I love hilton the walk

Excellent hotel and amazing rooms. The staff is absolutely amazing

Fantastic room on 31th floormanager with Seaside view
Friendly and serviceminded people that help us in anyway possible.

Very good

Прекрасный отель. Отличное расположение , с шикарным номером и завораживающим видом . Представительский лаунж на 9 этаже .  Очень вкусно и атмосферно. Уютный , с прекрасным видом на залив. Замечательные закуски и напитки , а главное отличное обслуживание, дружный коллектив (Ruslan , Elen ,Erico, April, Eiei , Sain в особенности официант Руслан -спасибо. С удовольствием заходили в этот лаунж !

شكرا جزيلا لهم طقم الفندق اكملهم ما قصروا معي سكنت هنا اسبوع كامل وفروا لي كل الاحتياجات الذي يحتاجها خاصه فريق العمل ساعدوني كثير جدا بمواقف السيارات او اشحن اغراضي شكرا جزيلا لك مستر باسل ارباب  ان شاء الله نزوركم مره القادمه

В отеле отдыхаем не первый раз , все очень нравится .Отличное местоположение . Хорошии завтраки . Отдельное спасибо команде отеля Ellen,April, Erica,Ruslan,Eiei,Sin за гостеприимство и доброжелательность .

I had the most amazing stay at Hilton Dubai The Walk! Great hotel service and hotel location. I also love that the hotel has beachfront access as well as access to the pools at JBR Hilton! Staff are very accommodating and helpful! Shout to Erasmo at the front desk, Nimisha and the rest of the staff at Hartisan, and Agather at the Executive Lounge!

Hilton the walk is the best Mr mark and Nishant very helpful for my car parking

Раньше заезжал в этот отель сплошное недоразумение было еще более менее. Сейчас бомжацкий отель стал. Я забронировал номер с двумя большими кроватями заранее. Когда бронировал указал чтобы дали выше этаж и ближе к лифту. Заезд должен быть 14 го февраля но я прилетел ночью 15 го февраля. При заселении  мне заявляют что у них  номер только с одной большой кроватью., номер в самом конце коридора и на 2 ом этаже в котором нет даже  зубных щеток и зубной пасты и это 5 ка?????? Прошло полдня как я должен был заселиться. Но заселился намного позже так как приехал ночью следующего дня и время было полно чтобы подготовить номер. Я пришел на ресепшен, замечу что очень не профессиональные сотрудники Dipti (агрессивно себя ведет, пуп земли) и Meryl,  и сказал этим барышням чтобы поменяли номер но они в ответ мне заявили что нет номеров никаких. Но на букинге полно свободных номеров этого отеля разных категорий.  Когда отель дорожит своим именем он делает все чтобы исправить ошибку вплоть до повышения категории номера.  Но эти  граждане видимо уже обнаглели полностью, поменять номер отказались и повысить категорию номера тоже. Не советую к посещению этот отель. PS Я в этом отеле был раз 10 и с каждым разом обслуживание всё хуже и хуже. Советую руководству обратить внимание на профессионализм своих сотрудников особенно в этом отеле.

Отличный отель. Завтраки, обеды и ужины - вкусно.  Номер просторный  ( 145 м2). Бассейны и пляж - все прекрасно.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Absolut empfehlenswert!|Ein rundum gelungener Aufenthalt! Das Personal ist durchweg freundlich, aufmerksam und zuvorkommend – man fühlt sich von Anfang an bestens betreut.|Das Buffet überzeugt mit einer riesigen Auswahl an frischen, leckeren Speisen für jeden Geschmack. Die Zimmer sind geräumig, geschmackvoll eingerichtet und tadellos sauber.|Wer ein Hotel sucht, das in allen Bereichen überzeugt, ist hier genau richtig. Wir kommen auf jeden Fall wieder!

Fantastisk service - Alle super søde og hjælpsom. Det er 2. Gang vi besøger dette fantastiske hotel og vi kommer igen. Madhab concierge er utrolig sød og hjælpsom

Мястото на хотела е страхотно и има страхотна гледка от него.

Mr mark and arbab  nishant very helpful give a nice parking and comfortable I like Hilton

Ehemaliges Apartment Haus das zum Hotel umgebaut wurde mit tollem Restaurant und Bar im 35 Stockwerk. Die Aussicht aus den oberen Etagen ist grandios, die Zimmer sind sauber, der Zimmerservice sehr gut. Das Frühstück ist super- wir haben immer und der Lounge im 35.Stock gefrühstückt. Es gibt eine große Auswahl an Eierspeisen und weiteren warmen Gerichten, Pancake’s, Crêpes, Käse, Wurst, Joghurt und Früchten. Ebenfalls der AfternoonTea und der Snack mit alkoholischen Getränken am Abend ist super. Das Hotel hat einen Pool, ebenso kann der Pool des Nachbar Hilton und der BeachClub mit genutzt werden. Handtücher und Liegen mit Sonnenschirm am Strand und Pool sind kostenlos. Die Beachboys kümmern sich um freie Liegen. Strand und Wasser waren sauber. Die Anreise vom Airport über die Careem App mit Taxi kostete ca. 24€. Wir kommen definitiv wieder.

Hi,we stayed in Hilton the walk for about 5 days and I should thank Tamer at reception for his very kindness ;if every Hilton that we checked in has some one like TAMER then all journeys will be awesome!  I recommend this Hotel to families as can use the facilities of Hilton JBR which is connected and beach …the location is perfect for rest …

Wow

Nous recommandons cet hôtel très bien situé plage/ville.|Chambres magnifiques |Nombreux restaurants, toujours des transats disponibles, personnel agréable… merci à Enzo et Sean

Good hotel , staff is very helpfull. Thank you eloisa for help

Mr Jithu and Suretha are very kind and do their job perfectly!

Отличный сервис в executive lounge. Особенно хотела бы отметить официанта Руслана за внимательность, дружелюбие и позитивное настроение✨

An outstanding stay from start to finish. The experience begins with a warm and professional reception that truly makes you feel welcome. Cleanliness throughout the hotel is excellent, and the views are absolutely stunning.

The hotel offers a private beach with many activities, creating the perfect mix of relaxation and fun. There is also a dedicated beachfront restaurant with a varied menu, ideal for enjoying great food by the sea.

The highlight of our stay was the exceptional service at reception, especially the complimentary upgrade from a King Deluxe Room to a spacious three-bedroom suite. A truly generous and memorable gesture.

Highly recommended for anyone looking for comfort, great service, and an amazing beachfront experience in Dubai.

Отель очень хороший. Находится в удобном месте, рядом много прогулочных зон, кафе и магазинов. До метро идти минут 20, до торгового центра - 15. Персонал вежливый и очень заботливый, все просьбы быстро выполняли. На завтраке шведский стол, большое разнообразие еды. А на ужин можно выбирать ресторан: есть шведский стол или рестораны аля карт. Но шведский стол в пятизвездночном отеле понравился больше всего, в рестораны Аля карт ходить не советую - выбор маленький и не так вкусно. Можно пользоваться всеми удобствами пятизвёздночного отеля: бассейны и пляж. В отеле прекрасный и очень большой тренажёрный зал. Нам всё понравилось! Обязательно вернёмся. Нас заселяла хостес Eloisa - очень приятная и вежливая девушка! Есть трансфер до mall of emirates, воспользовались один раз - удобно

Goede service! Letten goed op bij Alduts only pool dat er geen kinderen komen! Zwembad heerlijk verwarmd maar wel verkoelend. Lifeguard Hassan doet goed zijn werk is zeer vriendelijk, behulpzaam en oplettend. Zeker een aanrader!

Tolles Hotel, top Lage am JBR und The Walk. Essen sehr gut, Mitarbeiter freundlich.Sauber und ordentlich .Gerne wieder…

Очень крутой отель, больше всего понравился консьерж Mani Temi Emil! Все отлично очень понравилось 😻 всем рекомендую посетить.

8 csodálatos napot töltöttünk a Hilton Dubai The Walk szállodában, a JBR Beach közvetlen közelében.|A 26. emeleten laktunk egy tengerre néző, három hálószobás, nappalis és konyhás, tágas lakosztályban, amely minden igényünket felülmúlta.|A hotel egyszerűen fantasztikus – tiszta, elegáns, és mindenhol kellemes, finom illat fogadja a vendégeket. A személyzet rendkívül kedves, mosolygós és segítőkész volt a tartózkodásunk teljes ideje alatt.|Az ételek kifogástalanok és nagyon ízletesek voltak. Az étterem személyzete külön említést érdemel: kedvességükkel, barátságosságukkal és hihetetlen mosolyukkal nagyban hozzájárultak ahhoz, hogy a nyaralásunk valóban felejthetetlen legyen. Ezúton is szívből köszönjük nekik!|Teljes szívből ajánljuk a hotelt mindenkinek – mi egészen biztosan visszatérünk!|We spent 8 wonderful days at the Hilton Dubai The Walk, located right by JBR Beach.|We stayed on the 26th floor in a spacious three-bedroom suite with a living room and kitchen, offering a breathtaking sea view. It exceeded all our expectations.|The hotel is truly fantastic – clean, elegant, and always filled with a pleasant, fresh fragrance. The staff were exceptionally kind, friendly, smiling, and helpful throughout our entire stay.|The food was excellent and absolutely delicious. The restaurant staff deserve special recognition for their kindness, warmth, and incredibly welcoming smiles, which greatly contributed to making our vacation truly unforgettable. We would like to express our heartfelt thanks to them!|We wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to everyone – and we will definitely be returning!

Schone en ruime kamers. Personeel is er vriendelijk en erg behulpzaam. Wij hadden een kleine lekage vlin de badkamer vanuit het bad. Na het melden bij receptie werd dit probleem snel opgelost.

8 csodálatos napot töltöttünk a Hilton Dubai The Walk szállodában, a JBR Beach közvetlen közelében.
A 26. emeleten laktunk egy tengerre néző, három hálószobás, nappalis és konyhás, tágas lakosztályban, amely minden igényünket felülmúlta.
A hotel egyszerűen fantasztikus – tiszta, elegáns, és mindenhol kellemes, finom illat fogadja a vendégeket. A személyzet rendkívül kedves, mosolygós és segítőkész volt a tartózkodásunk teljes ideje alatt.
Az ételek kifogástalanok és nagyon ízletesek voltak. Az étterem személyzete külön említést érdemel: kedvességükkel, barátságosságukkal és hihetetlen mosolyukkal nagyban hozzájárultak ahhoz, hogy a nyaralásunk valóban felejthetetlen legyen. Ezúton is szívből köszönjük nekik!
Teljes szívből ajánljuk a hotelt mindenkinek – mi egészen biztosan visszatérünk!

We spent 8 wonderful days at the Hilton Dubai The Walk, located right by JBR Beach.
We stayed on the 26th floor in a spacious three-bedroom suite with a living room and kitchen, offering a breathtaking sea view. It exceeded all our expectations.
The hotel is truly fantastic – clean, elegant, and always filled with a pleasant, fresh fragrance. The staff were exceptionally kind, friendly, smiling, and helpful throughout our entire stay.
The food was excellent and absolutely delicious. The restaurant staff deserve special recognition for their kindness, warmth, and incredibly welcoming smiles, which greatly contributed to making our vacation truly unforgettable. We would like to express our heartfelt thanks to them!
We wholeheartedly recommend this hotel to everyone – and we will definitely be returning!

Esperienza stupenda, ci è stato consigliato dal nostro agente di viaggio e dobbiamo dire che ha superato ogni previsione. È situato in una zona vivace e divertente piena di ristoranti e locali c'è solo l'imbarazzo della scelta. Tutto è stato super!! la camera grande, comoda e pulita, la sua posizione in prima linea sulla spiaggia, le piscine i servizi in spiaggia, il bar aperto fino a tardi con musica e ottimi cocktails.|Ma soprattutto dobbiamo evidenziare la gentilezza e professionalità di tutto lo staff in particolare quelle della reception .

Rashed, Junaid, and Nishinath were very helpful and kind, we are very pleased. Thanks for their interest.

Спасибо большое Hanna за классное обслуживание
Продлили номер благодарим🥰

Огромная благодарность Hanna которая нас так классно обслужила! И в целом нам все понравилось 👏🏻👏🏻👍🏻👍🏻

Concierge team very helpful mr Atiq and Khamid Habtamu thanks guys

Rashid and Atiq nice guy

Atiq kamid thanks

Atiq and khamid is tha best

Atiq is great help

Atiq is great

Atiq khamid great

Thank you concierge team Mr khamid and Atiq Nisham appreciate guys

All ot off thanks mr khamid and mr Atiq concierge team

Atiq and khamid thanks

Atiq khamid thanks

Hilton Walk is a very good  hotel. We enjoyed our stay with excellent services from front office concierge .khamidullo were very keen to assi5all the time.

Concierge staff very helpful thanks Mr khamid appreciate

Atiq thanks for your help

Thanks for assisting Mr khamid

Complimenti lo consiglio vivamente a tutti se fate un pensiero per Dubai lo staf è molto accogliente soprattutto TEJMAN / EMIL CONCIERGE

Rashid Basil and Nisham are super

Atiq tha ks

Hilton The Walk is a rare example of a hotel that truly lives up to its prestigious reputation. The first thing that strikes you is the incredible view from the windows—a breathtaking panorama that defines the entire atmosphere of your stay.

For food enthusiasts, the hotel offers access to multiple world-class restaurants. Each venue impresses with a vast variety of dishes, stunning scenery, and remarkably fast service.

The location is a strategic masterpiece for any traveler. Staying here allows you to completely bypass the need for taxis or public transport. Everything you might need—from the beach to premium shopping—is within easy walking distance.

The service is beyond reproach. I want to highlight Eloisa, whose professionalism is unmatched; she handles every request with incredible speed. The WhatsApp concierge service is another standout feature, providing instant support and a hassle-free experience.

Whether you are here for business or a family vacation, this hotel is a perfect choice. The only minor drawback is the elevator wait time during busy periods, but in the grand scheme of things, it’s negligible. A solid 10/10 experience!

THANKS TO AINISSA MANAGER SHE WAS VERY HELPFUL DURING OUR STAY 5/5

Thank you Rashid and Sisay

Amazing experience! My favorite hotel in Dubai. Peaceful and beautiful, very attentive and kind staff. Will be back for a third time for sure! Thanks  Arbab and Rodrick Nishanth for the concierge amazing  service

I am staying here due days ,  I am very happy to staying with bell boys , Arbab and Rodrick this tow guys so give good service and help us with the luggage at early morning getting the taxi

Sehr nettes Personal / gratis Parkplatz

Thank you Roderick and arbab your both the best thank you for the assistance...

Nishant thank you for everything

Thank you Rashid

Rashid and Habtamu very nice guy

Top hotel as you would expect in a great location.
Staff couldn't do enough for us and made my birthday really special.

elevators: prepare to wait there for some time, every time you want to get downstairs or get back to your room. if you have a room on a lower floor, the elevators coming from the top will be full and regularly skip your floor.

breakfast: a little bit over a budget class hotel but far away from the Hilton next door.

hilton status recognition: yes, got an update a large family apartment, not really what I wanted … at least a had a great view.

executive lounge: they are doing a great job! wonderful people taking care of the guests.

you can use the pool and facilities of the Hilton Jumeriah which are accessible via a bridge connecting both buildings. the beach is busy but that’s what you are looking for, when going here. ;-)

nevertheless I would rather not recommend the property as I paid more than for the hilton next door. if the price is 40% less than the Hilton Jumeirah it is well priced.

Rashid is so kind

Прекрасное обслуживание, очень внимательные и вежливые официанты - Ruslan, Ellen, Erico, April, EuEi !Amasung ! We have a nice time ! Saniya, Venera from Almaty, Kazakhstan.

Nice location and all staff is friendly and helpful.Thank you Danilo he was a good guy and helpful.

Thanks Atiq

Atiq is good

Thanks Atiq

Отель пять звёзд, но что из этого имеем! При выборе питания завтрак и ужин напитки чай и кофе на ужине за деньги (это отель пять звёзд!), не считая газированных или алкогольных! Бесплатно только вода! Причём вода в розлив из стеклянного графина с краником пахнет! К столу подают воду в бутылках большой плюс! Странная деталь в графике работы Game zone (игровые приставки с огромными мониторами и оборудованы 4мя удобными геймерскими креслами и стол для настольного тенниса), где указано время работы до 22:00, но на ресепшене Spa, которые видимо контролируют работу этой комнаты указали время работы до 18:00! Если это касается детей, то поиграл поел и спать не работает!|Комната по сравнению с отелем фейрмонт в аджмане при двухместном размещении в 1,5 раза меньше! В комнате есть дверь, которая закрыта, ведёт в соседний номер (не знаю какой целью служит такое исполнение  номера?). Чемоданы остались на полу в комнате, потому что в шкафах мест нет, либо всю обувь в коридор нужно выставить. |В тоже время в номере есть всё необходимое и чайная станция в том числе, но если в Фейрмонте была кофемашина с капсулами, которую пополняли, то тут только  разовые пакетики кофе. Есть холодильник  с алкоголем и газировкой, но это за доп плату. От залога за бар в номере можно отказаться. Утюг и фен в наличии, только один момент ввёл в недоумение - в ванной комнате розетка на 220 вольт (то есть вход с двумя отверстиями), а вилка фена с тремя?! Напротив ванной есть также  зеркало, но там нет розеток, по крайней мере на видном месте. Приходится сушить в комнате?!|На ресепшене встречают и объясняют даже с языковым барьером на отлично!|Что в итоге? Неоднозначные впечатления. |Вроде всё хорошо и красиво для глаз, но если вдаваться в детали в практике, то привлекательность этого отеля снижается для выбора в следующий раз!

Все ,отлично, огромное спасибо персоналу, отдых достойный, нравится всё,  остались довольны нашей первой поездкой сюда|Месторасположение удобное чтоб узнать Дубай|Не прощаемся, а говорим до свидания

Mr Priyanta and Mr khamid concierge staff helpful guys

I’m currently staying at the Hilton on the Walk. While sitting by the pool, I ordered French fries and a few beers. I stepped away briefly to use the washroom, and when I returned, my French fries were gone.

I informed the staff, but their response was very casual, with no real effort to address the issue or offer a solution. As a guest visiting from Canada, I found this experience disappointing. I’ve never encountered this kind of behavior where a customer concern is not taken seriously.

Hilton is known as one of the best hotel brands, so this level of service and lack of accountability is not acceptable.

Couldn’t recommend enough. Service was top class from Atiq.

Thank's Mr khamid concierge staff appreciate

atiq was very kind and helpful

Atiq is good

Very nice staff and helpful Atiq very kind and nice see u again

2nci kalışımız ve yine mutlu bir şekilde ayrılıyoruz, her şey çok güzeldi. Teşekkürler Abdul, Shune, Zinlin ve tüm ekip

Concierge staff his name mr khamid very good boy thanks for him for assisting

Thanks concierge team basel and khamid danilo

Thank you so much concierge team khamid and Danilo appreciate guys

Rawhide is fantastic

Mr Rashid give a nice parking Hilton the walk see u soon

Thanks Atiq for your help

Thanks Atuq for your kindness

Mr nishant and Mr mark and Faheem Security fantastic service

Good located for those looking for action and night life. Please be aware at weekends the noise from the street is massive, if you want a quit night ask for a room in the back of the hotel.

Concierge team was amazing therebare very helpful,ThankbDanilob,khamid and sisay for helping us.

atiq the only one,atiq the best!♥️🤝

Atiq good

Excellent service Rashid is very kind in the parking

Thanks Atiq and khamid

Concierge team very good  the ser

شكرا تآمر على الخدمه و حسن الاستقبال

Rashid excellent service thank you

Staying at this hotel was a fantastic experience, everything was great - the food was delicious, the service was fantastic: they even made us free towel animals in our room!! All in all enjoyed the stay and if possible WILL come back!!

Thanks Atiq

Thank you Hilton concierge team habtamu,adi and rodri for your help

Thank you Nisam and priyantha

Atiq самый лучший работник, он хорошо обслужил нас, аккуратно положил наши чемоданы и оставил на хранение 💪💪💪👍👍👍

Thank you Roderick for the assistance and take care of os your number1...

Хочу выразить, огромную и из реннюю благодарность сотрудникам консьерж-службы господину Даниле и господину Хамиду за их излючительную работу и высочайший уровень сервиса. С первого дня было видно, что это настоящия профессионалы, которые относятся своей раddre полной отдачей и искренней заботой о постих||Данило и Хамид всегда были невероятно вежливыми, занимательными, добра желательными тетовыми помочь в любой ситуации независимо от сложности вопроса или времени обращения Они на просто выполняют свои обязанности, а действительно стремятся сделать пребывание максимально комфортным приятными запоминающимся||Любая просьба решалась, оперативна, с улыбкой и большим вниманием деталям Благодаря их опыту организованности и отличному знанию своего дела всегда чувствовалась уверенность и спокойствия редков и очень ценное качество сервиса. Отдельно хочется отметить их уважительное отношение позитивный настрой и умение найти индивидуальный подход к каждому гостка||Именно такие сотрудники создают первое и самое важное впечатление о месте. Данило и Хамид настоящий пример того, каким должен быть идеальный консьерж профессиональным, отзменивыми корение заинтересованная комфорте гостей||Огромное спасибо за заботу, внимание и безупречный сервис благодаря вам пребывание стало по настоящему особенным. С удовольствием рекомендую и надеюсь снова увидеть вас будущем

The hotel location is good, shops, easy transport, beach is clean. Staff are so friendly, food was amazing and clean rooms. Executive lounge team services on point, thank you Agatha , for looking after us.

Thanks Atiq for your assistance

Kaldığımız dairede üç çocukla çok rahat ettik çok geniş ferah bir daire otelin konumu muhteşem otel personeli çok ilgili kibar temizlik harika sabah kahvaltısı ve öğle yemeği çok lezzetli ve yeterli otelin plajı çok konforlu tüm ihtiyaçları karşılıyor kesinlikle tavsiyedir

Very good staff Rashid and Sissy is very helpful

Excellent hotel and great service
Specially mention to Arbab at the front desk who was exceptionally helpful to all times
Looking forward to and other stay soon

The bellboy in this Hotel is the best...specialy Roderick and Pheryanta thank you guys..I'm very happy..

I am staying here for few days. Arbab khan is very helpful and have a very smiley face. Definitely we will comeback because of excellent service.

Happy to been in the great service and we enjoy our stay Ade and Basel so helpful to us thank

Et fantastisk opphold, beste beliggenhet på stranden og servicen er bare helt super.|Veldig hyggelig og vennlige ansatte over hele hotellet.|Andre gangen på dette hotellet og kommer gjerne igjen☺️

A wonderful Hilton. Massive thanks to everyone who were keen to assist during our stay. Cheers all concierge staffs Habtamu, Ade and Sisay. See soon all

Amazing stay at the Hilton, the lift waits times can be annoying but you get used to them.

Our 18m old fell ill whilst we was staying and the staff acted so quickly and really helpful.

The location is great and would highly recommend.

Thanks again

Good service at Hilton Ade so hopefully to us

Nice service staff are excellent Rashid and Basil are very good thank you

Понравился отель: отличный сервис, удобное месторасположение и вежливый персонал.

The best hospitallity thank you Roderick and Pheryanta great job number 1...

Отличный отель!!! Сотрудники Рашид, Марк, Басиль молодцы!!!

Thank you Roderick and Pheryanta your both the best...

Great service from Hilton the walk all the staffs where helpful special thanks to concierge team habtamu and sisay

Thanks Dita for her warm approach and support we love her

Thank you Habtamu for assisting me with the parking and location see you soon

Absolutely do NOT recommend this hotel. One of the worst experiences I’ve ever had.
Unfortunately, my “stay” at this hotel never actually happened — and for very good reason. The photos and description shown on the booking platform do not reflect reality at all.
From the moment I entered the room, it was clear that basic hygiene and comfort standards are completely ignored:
•	the furniture is severely worn out, damaged, and clearly outdated;
•	the floors were dirty, giving the impression that proper cleaning is not done;
•	there was a strong, disgusting smell in the room, similar to dirty, unwashed cleaning rags;
•	the overall atmosphere felt disturbing, unsanitary, and unsafe.
It was absolutely impossible to stay in such conditions. I left the hotel immediately after inspecting the room, as spending even a single night there was out of the question.
This is a clear case of misrepresentation and a total failure to provide the service as advertised. The accommodation does not meet even the most basic standards.
If you value your health, comfort, and money — stay away from this place.
I have requested a full refund and will escalate the matter through the booking platform and consumer protection authorities if necessary.
A truly unpleasant and unacceptable experience.

Hilton hotel with private beach, pools and executive lounge. Only about 30 minutes from the airport. Amazing service from every angle Especially the front office team Habtamu and Arbab khan I want to highlight! We never regret meeting them, they are very professional and always want to render assistance. Great service!

Danilo at his best as always.

Thanks Atiq for your help in parking

В первую очередь хочу предостеречь о том, что отель подает запросы  в Google maps,  если реальные посетители рассказывают свои истории и ставят заслуженный рейтинг/звезды (как можно понять, не пять звезд). Это случилось и с моим отзывам, но я подала апелляцию и Google Maps вернули мой отзыв, сделали его видимым.

Отдыхала в этом отеле с 19 по 21 октября 2025 года.

Ресепшен. Менеджер на ресепшен спрашивал паспорт моего мужа,хотя я объясняла, что отдыхаю одна , но бронирование делал муж и также указал в комментарии бронирования мое имя и фамилию. Информация обо мне у отеля была заранее.

Думаю, что является не законным спрашивать оригинал паспорт  супруга , если тот не отдыхает совместно, а только делает бронирование. Странно (и не законно) брать на отдых паспорт чужого физ лица, если он не отдыхает.

Заселение. Я приехала в 10-11:00 утра и оставила свой чемодан у консьержа. Номер был не готов. Далее я приехала в отель вновь уже в 14:00 -14:30 номер все еще был не готов. Предложили лаун на 35 этаже. В 14:40 подошедших менеджер и сообщил, что номер будет готов только через 40 минут, то есть примерно в 15:20. По итогу заселение было чуть ли не в 16:00, хотя по регламенту отеля заселение должно быть в 15:00. К слову, в лаунже на 35 этаже было только кофе из не очень чистой кофе машины и жутко сладкие соки, вода.

Так же при заселении не рассказали включен ли завтрак, где он проходит, есть ли бассейн / тренажерный зал / бар и тд.
В целом можно сказать, что персонал на ресепшен был не внимателен.

Лифт. В отеле 3 основных лифта и 2 - для персонала. В первый день пребывания (19.10.25) очень сложно было с вызовом лифта. Вечером , чтобы спуститься с 10 этажа прождала около 7 минут. С чем это было связано, я не знаю.

Отель сам по себе не новый. Для розеток требуется переходник.

Завтрак. Более-менее приличный. Однако очень многолюдно, шумно. На входе останавливают и создается очередь.

Хорошее месторасположение, если вас интересует пляж, рестораны, набережная.

Из-за сложившейся ситуации с поздним заездом сделали поздний чек-аут (в 16:00) без доплат, но тоже не без дополнительных разговоров. Пришлось разговаривать дважды с менеджером и делать отсылки к моменту с заселением, так как ответ менеджера отеля изначально был - «О позднем выезде можно договор  только в день выезда», хотя по факту это оказалось не так и согласование/ пометку сделали 19.10.25 (вечером, в день заезда).

Мое мнение, не уважают чужое время.

Данный отель рекомендую только в том случае, если у вас нет ожиданий по сервису и есть силы для постоянных диалогов с персоналом по тем или иным вопросам.

Très bon séjour à l’hôtel mention spéciale aux vallets présent la journée ils ont été d’une gentillesse extrême.|Merci aussi à Enzo trainee de suisse qui nous a accompagner pour la traduction et nos checks bon courage à tous pour la suite

من اسوء الفنادق اللي سكنتها ..وصلنا الفندق عالساعة ٢ ونص ظهراً وماسلمونا الشقة إلا عالساعة ٦ ونص المغرب ..وغسالة الملابس بالشقة خربانة

Good service all the way we enjoyed our stay Ade so hopefully

Thank you to Mr Danilo at concierge team he is very kind and helpful.

Concierge team was amazing there are very kind and helpful Thank you Danilo and basel .

Thanks Atiq for your assistance in the parking

Das Hilton Jumeirah liegt sehr zentral und direkt am Strand. Für unser Zimmer haben wir inkl. Frühstück und Nachmittagssnack stolze 450€ pro Nacht bezahlt. Leider gehört das Hotel zu den ältesten Häusern in dem Bereich und kann daher - trotz einiger Renovierung - mit den umliegenden Hotels nicht mehr mithalten. Das Personal gibt alles, um diesen Nachteil mit Freundlichkeit und gutem Service auszugleichen. Auch das Frühstücksbuffet ist wirklich gut, wenn auch zu bestimmten Zeiten stark überlaufen. Aber Preis-Leistung passt insgesamt einfach nicht mehr. Für 100€ mehr pro Nacht kann man in den umliegenden Hotels wesentlich luxuriöser und vor allem zeitgemäßer unterkommen. Ebenfalls unschön ist die Liegensituation am Strand. Bei hoher Auslastung liegt man bei Hilton Liege an Liege, dicht gedrängt. Kurzum: Der Preis ist für das, was man bekommt zu hoch. Das Hotel ist aus der Zeit gefallen.

Ficamos em um quarto fantástico, grande espaço não faltou. Tudo com muita qualidade e conforme prometido. Para nossa surpresa, usando o the walk 4 estrelas você usa todos os serviços de praia (e não é segregado com o outro 5 estrelas) ou seja, fica muito bem instalado no the walk e a estrutura do Hilton inteira você usa como se estivesse no jumeira. Atenção limpeza eficiência tudo é maravilhoso. Minha sexta vez em Dubai e esse é o melhor ponto da Marina para se hospedar. As camas de praia são fantástica. Inclusive um espaço com bar bem confortável para fumantes que normalmente são preteridos. Meu marido fuma charuto e ficamos em camas super confortáveis. |Não tem lugar melhor. |A água do quarto sempre é renovada para beber. |Algumas considerações do quarto que em nada atrapalhou nossa estadia. ||- as frutas do café da manhã são idênticas todos os dias. |- algumas manutenções no banheiro da suíte são necessárias mas deixo direto para a administração do hotel|- os elevadores são mal dimensionados pq esse prédio tem muitos andares então as vezes demora um pouco. |- a tv não faz espelhamento|- a internet é boa mas sempre tem que renovar o login|- os valores de bebidas são elevados ||Do mais tudo fantástico

Отличный отель, жили семьей (4 чел) 07.01.-12.01. в апартаментах в башне с видом на залив. У нас был огромный номер на 29-ом этаже с тремя спальнями. В номере было абсолютно все необходимое, номер чистенький, плюс уборка каждый день. Пару раз ходили на завтраки, они очень даже не плохие, заканчивались в 11-30 и для нас это было рано))), поэтому только пару раз. Ужин посетили один раз в основном корпусе, нам показался скромненький но голодным не останешься, в остальном нам отель очень понравился. Хотелось бы поблагодарить всю команду отеля и Hanna в частности, за высокий профессионализм и клиентоориентированность. С удовольствием остановимся еще раз.

Thanks Atiq

Thanks concierge team mr khaamid for assisting

Marina bölgesinde harika bir konumda yer alıyor. Avrupa ülkelerine kıyasla Kahvaltı tatmin ediciydi.

Sevmediğim tek yönü sabah saatlerinde gelmek bilmeyen asansördü…

The service from the concierge team was exptional everything was above expected thanks for Basel sissy and priya

Good as for holiday

Everything was perfect

Rashid is very nice thank you

Отличное место , все замечательно ! В ресторане отличные официанты , особенно KHIN ZAR и YASHI

Nice location and service. You will find different places for entertainment and it is close to the sea

Nisham and Danilo very kind to assist at lobby

Thank you concierge Sisay and Noufal. We appreciate your friendly assistance during our stay.

Excellent service from everyone at Hilton Dubai The Walk. Concierge staffs were very friendly and helpful. Noufal, Sisay, Atiq and Habtamu.

The room are big and spacious. Highly recommended place

Atiq thank

Thanks all for the good service and the delicious food due your resturant Hartisan  , this was our first time there comparing other locations of Hilton but the service was amazing , Thanks for the gentleman Mr. Suyash he was friendly and helping us since we enter the resturant 😍

Soggiorno davvero piacevole. L'accoglienza e la gentilezza dello staff ti fanno sentire subito a casa. Un plauso particolare alla qualità del riposo: materassi e cuscini fantastici, davvero di alta qualità! La colazione è super e la pulizia delle camere impeccabile, così come il servizio spiaggia, organizzato benissimo.|​L’unico neo è l’insonorizzazione: le pareti sono un po' sottili e si sentono i rumori sia dalle camere vicine che dal corridoio. Se non fosse per questo, sarebbe la perfezione assoluta."ma consiglio vivamente

Mt mark very good service Hilton the walk

Thanks Atiq and prayanta

Thanks Atiq and prayanta thanks for your in the parking

Famous JBR walk

Super Hotel, sehr sauber u.immer freundliches Personal.|Einzigster Kritikpunkt wäre, dass das Erwachsenebecken im Winter für alle zugänglich sein sollte, da es beheizt u in der Sonne ist. Das andere Becken ist den ganzen Tag im Schatten u.eiskalt. Echt schade.

We enjoy our stay Ade so helpful to us thanks you

Staffs are absolutely amazing especially Eloisa & Caroline. Friendly & very helpful. Truly recommended.

Hotel fantastico in posizione centralissima, direttamente sul passeggio di Dubai Marina, con vista mare spettacolare e di fronte alla ruota panoramica più alta del mondo.
Il personale è estremamente gentile e sempre disponibile. Le camere sono spaziose, pulite e dotate di ogni comfort.
Servizio in camera eccellente e colazione internazionale ricca e varia, con un’ampia scelta per tutti i gusti.
Esperienza assolutamente consigliata!

Best hotel bargain. You can use the beach from the Hilton Resort. There is a bridge connecting both hotels. The room was big and perfect!

The hotel is good location, nice staff, thank you, executive lounge. Agatha, Dita, mofta samana, Naseem, Adnan.

If you reading this it means you looking for clarity weather the Hilton Dubai walk hotel is a nice place to stay. Let me start by saying when we arrived, the reception was so busy it not only showed us how popular they are but people are flocking in to do there bookings or check in.
With all this taking place we remained patient and waited our turn. When it was our turn they realized the rooms where still getting prepared.
The lady over the counter was superb she sent us straight to the VIP lounge where we could rest and have some snacks. Later we found out for the inconvenience she gave us a super voucher and the Penthouse. Now you tell me do I have to tell u any more about there service.
We even had an incident at the room when one of our members hurt there toe the doc was there within minutes like he was just down stairs. I give Hilton 200% recommendation.
Anyways coming back to the Hotel it's situated in the most ideal spot one can ever ask for. I need not speak anymore just go experience them for yourself.
To the Hiton staff you guys made our holiday the most fabulous experience ever.
Thank you we will  use you again.
Many thanks
From the Ramkissoon family

Arbab khan was totally helpful and good at meeting our needs while we visited with friends .Hilton JBR is the place to be to experience the beach and swimming pool [if you prefer it rather than the beach area)
Overall a very good experience and recommend it...

Tha nk you Roderick and Pheryanta youare all the best...

Summary
Overall, a very good experience with excellent hospitality. Special thanks to the staff for making our stay enjoyable — reception (Caroline & Bethelem), executive lounge (Adnan), Oceania Restaurant (Natasya), and Haristasi breakfast (Mia). Their service really stood out and made us feel welcome throughout the stay.

Pros
•	Great location
•	Easy parking access
•	Spacious and clean rooms
•	Good restaurant options, especially for half-board meals
•	Executive lounge food selection is very good

Cons
•	Elevator waiting time can be a bit frustrating, especially in a 41-floor hotel
•	It would be nice if the executive lounge hours could be extended until 11:00 pm, even if just for juices and soft drinks

Nice to be in Hilton the walk it was the best stay.thank you Roderick and Pheryanta

أنا ويه عايلتي سكنّا في هالفندق وكانت تجربتنا وايد حلوة وكل شي كان على مستوى عالي من حيث النظافة والراحة والتنظيم والخدمة الأكل كان ممتاز ولذيذ والخدمة فيه راقية وتشرح الخاطر حاب أشكر موظفة الاستقبال Ms Jennifer على حسن الاستقبال والاهتمام ومساعدتها لنا طول فترة الإقامة وكذلك الشكر موصول لكل طاقم الفندق بدون استثناء تعاملهم كان احترافي ومحترم وخلّى إقامتنا مريحة ومميزة وأنصح أي حد يدور على الراحة والخدمة الزينة إنه يختار هالفندق وإن شاء الله لنا رجعة ثانية

Bell boy Arbabkhn very helpful!!! Amazing 😁😁😁

Thank you very much Roderick and Pheryanta..thank you for the assistance..

Amazing hotel great hospitality service thanks Noufal and naseem for the help.

I have no idea why this hotel gets such good reviews.
This is the fifth time to Dubai and the worst place we have stayed.
The rooms over looking the Marina are very noisy. The lifts are ridiculous waiting and waiting. We were 2605 on floor 26.
The rooms smell weird. We moved rooms as the first one had a terrible lay out and felt like a prison cell despite being a 3 bed suite.
The bathrooms are tired.
The wardrobes in BOTH rooms smelt of fish.
It’s just not a five star hotel.
The pool is in the shade all day yet the pool on the sun is adults only.
The sun beds are absolutely packed like sardines on the beach.
I hate this place and would give it zero stars if I could.

Thanks Atiq for your honest help

very nice hotel and all staff was helpfull and kind concierge team was amazing ,Thank manila for your help.

Thanks Atiq for your help in the parking

One of my favorite spots for fish and chips, with a great view and excellent service.

Thanks Atiq for your assitance

Thanks Atiq and nisham

Wir waren zum zweiten Mal für 5 Nächte im Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. Die Lage des Hotels ist sehr zentral gelegen. Das Check-In und Out war problemlos und das Personal war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. Unser gebuchtes Zimmer, King Executive Sea View,  war modern eingerichtet und bot genügend Platz. Thet vom Housekeeping hat uns während unseres Aufenthaltes hervorragend betreut. Ihre Passion für ihren Job war sehr beeindruckend! Wir haben uns jeden Tag über die von ihr aus Handtücher gefalteten Figuren gefreut.|Im Club haben wir uns sehr wohl gefühlt. Die Abwechslung der Speisen haben wir geschätzt und die Qualität war sehr gut. Im Hauptrestaurant für das Frühstück war die Auswahl sehr gross und qualitativ einwandfrei. Geschockt beim Frühstück hat uns, wie es Personen gab, welche jeden Morgen ganze Taschen und Rucksäcke mit Esswaren vom Buffet füllten! Auch der Food Waste war erschreckend. Hier müsste das Management unbedingt eingreifen. So etwas geht in einem 5-Sterne Hotel einfach nicht. |Empfehlenswert war auch der Spa. Die Massagen werden sehr kompetent ausgeführt.|Schade war, dass das Wasser des Pools für die Erwachsenen nach dem ersten Tag viel zu stark aufgeheizt wurde. Es war wie ein Thermalbad! Unbedingt ändern müsste man den Abstand der Liegestühle. Diese sind viel zu nahe beieinander.

Nous avons passé 4 jours en famille durant les fêtes de Noël. Et c’était juste au top. Pour commencer, l’hôtel est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé, avec promenade le long de la mer, commerces, boutiques et restaurants. Ensuite, vous êtes à quelques minutes à pieds de la marina pour vous balader et 10-15 minutes à pied de la grande roue par le bord de mer. Pour aller à Burj Khalifa compter entre 30 à 50 minutes en taxi (selon l’heure à laquelle vous y aller). L’hôtel, était super bien décoré, l’accueil, la gentillesse de l’ensemble du personnel est à souligner, que ce soit à la réception, au restaurant, à la piscine, la plage ou dans les étages. Le restaurant Oceana offre un buffet très varié le matin et le soir et un buffet spécial Noël le 24 et le 25 décembre a été proposé par l’hôtel, dans une très belle ambiance. Nous avions également accès au lounge, situé au 9eme étage, qui nous donnait accès à un petit-déjeuner (en plus du buffet principal, plus calme), à un tea-time et « apéro-Time »! 2 piscines sont disponibles, une réservée + de 16 ans, l’autre pour tous. L’accès à la mer se fait directement de l’hôtel. Notre chambre avait vue sur la grande roue, la mer et la promenade. |Bref, nous avons été très content de séjourner dans cet Hilton! |Je vous le recommande vivement!

Thanks to Attiq rodrick and danilo

Thanks to the Hilton team for making our holidays memorable.
Special thanks to the lounge team: Adnan, Dita, Naseem and Agather. Thanks for taking care of us 🙏

The best hotel in Dubai staff was very friendly and helped Mr Mark and priyantha

Concierge Hilton the walk is the best Mr. Priya Tha and Mr Mark very helpful to gued me to show the map in all over in Dubai thans

Отель прекрасный , персонал очень старательный , никто мимо без улыбки не пройдет. Пляж , пожалуй , лучший на Марине. Обустроено все прекрасно! Мы жили в the walk, но территория с бассейном и пляжная зона доступна в Hilton Jumeirah. Персонал на завтраках и ужинах очень старательный и внимательный/ В общем - сервис отличный , пляж хороший , уровень соответствует! На ресепшене работают прекрасные сотрудники , есть и русскоговорящие , но нам здорово помогала Caroline и Shahad! Мы очень довольны отдыхом!

حلو بس الاسعار غاليه مقارنه بفاندق افخم بدبي بس ممكن عشان جيته قبل راس السنه

Thanks Atiq and khamid

I love this hotel. If you don’t mind the JBR traffic then it’s definitely a fantastic place to stay.

wir bedanken uns sehr herzlich für den Aufenthalt im Dubai Hilton JBR The Walk in der Zeit vom 21. Februar bis 8. März 2023. Die Buchung vorab,  unsere  Ankunft,  der  Aufenthalt,  es  hat  alles  perfekt  geklappt.  Der  Service  an  der Rezeption,  an  den  Fahrstühlen,  der  Zimmer  Service,  das  Restaurant  Oceana  sowie  im Hartisan, im Recreation Breich, im Wavebreaker  ... es war zu jeder Zeit perfekt, wir waren sehr, sehr zufrieden und freuen uns das Hilton Ende 2023 oder im Februar  2024 wieder zu
besuchen. Wir haben so viel nettes Service Personal bei Ihnen getroffen, dass wir gar nicht in der Lage sind sie alle zu nennen. Niemand soll sich benachteiligt fühlen, sie alle machen täglich einen tollen Job. Deshalb können wir nur Einige nennen, unser Dank und Zufriedenheit richtet sich an Alle.
Rezeption
Walter Santos, danke für die Buchung und Unterstützung
Donara, Heba
Restaurant Oceana Küche
Sajith Mohandas, Abhilash, ein Wiedersehen nach 6 Jahren vom Atlantis, große Freude ! Beide verwöhnen die Gäste und zeigen ihr Können, das ist großartig ! Danke Abhilash für die Extras.
Service: Avi, Abigael, Susmata, Sinta, toller Job.
Alle Angestellten von Hilton The Walk wie auch das Hartisan ...
Erwähnen möchten wir auch Zaira aus dem Bereich des Recreation
Herzlichen Dank an Alle ! Wir kommen wieder !
Mit lieben Grüßen aus Deutschland
Gerhard und Sylvia

26.11.2025 bis 18.12.2025
Wir waren wie immer „soweit“ sehr zufrieden, es hat an nichts gefehlt, der Service war wie immer topp ! Ref. „soweit“: Die Umgestaltung im Außenbereich, Pool, Liegen, Wavebreaker ist Geschmackssache, uns liegt es nicht. Die Liegen sind zum eng gestellt, keine Sonnenschirme am Pool, zu viel Stein und Glas, kein Grün, keine Palmen, zu viel zu laute Musik, keine Ruhe. Das Hilton JBR jetzt ein Party Hotel ? Am Beach kann man sich kaum noch bewegen, optisch eine Katastrophe. Das hat das FIVE mit Liege Inseln und Sonnenschirmen sehr gut und besser gestaltet. Die vorweihnachtliche Dekoration war super gestaltet.

The buffet workers were nice And the food was delicious And dessert VERY good and I was happy and they have all good stuff and I highly recommend this and I will come back here again of Hartisan restaurant

5 stars

My stay at Hilton was exceptional. Every detail was thoughtfully managed, making the experience truly memorable. Highly recommended for anyone seeking comfort and top-notch service.

Thanks nisham atiq and khamid

Atiq and nisham thanks for your assistance

Atiq thanks for your help

My family very happy  to stay Atiq and nishant  very good service

In my live I'm getting Best service is there’s the hotel established polite and  especially one step name is Atiq and danilo, he is very much helpful guy  for all the guest

Thanks Atiq and nisham for your help

Посетила Хилтон в декабре, была 3 дня, но с  удовольствием вернулась бы еще. Ранее жила в Хилтоне 5 зв. на первой линии. А в этот раз решила более экономно провести время в корпусе через дорогу. И осталась приятно удивлена размером комнаты и отличным завтраком. Лосось, омлеты в разных видах, вкуснейший хумус и много другого. Обслуживание на завтраке отличное. Очень внимательный персонал. Меня обслуживала внимательная приятная девушка, угостила десертом и отличным латте. На террасе очень приятно посидеть в теплую погоду за чашечкой кофе и круассаном. Я брала полупансион, ужинать ходила в Хилтон на первой линии. Ужин был очень хороший  каждый день, а в воскресенье изобилие морепродуктов, крабы, устрицы, креветки, ракушки, столько всего и все свежайшее! Наслаждалась под бокал игристого. Пляж в Хилтоне увеличили существенно, хотя конечно стало более многолюдно . Появился теплый красивый бассейн с джакузи и мягкими матрасами. Можно нежиться весь день на широких шезлонгах. Но жаль что убрали почти все деревья и клумбы, лужайки, которые были раньше, но это Дубай, каждый метр площади на вес золота. Вобщем, Хилтон, как всегда был на высоте! Прошу вас, берегите ваших поваров, они прекрасно готовят! Это очень важно! И разумеется, вышколенный персонал! Спасибо за обслуживание.

Whenever there is a Hilton in the country I visit, I always prefer to stay at Hilton because I have always left satisfied. For the first time, I regret staying at a Hilton in Dubai.
We paid for our one-week vacation before even arriving in Dubai because it was confirmed that we would stay in a 145 m² sea-view suite on the top floors. The only reason we booked such a large room is that we enjoy staying in rooms with a sea view; otherwise, we usually do not even spend much time in the room.
Despite this, after checking into the hotel, we were given a room on the lower floors, located between buildings. When I informed the reception about the situation, the staff said they could only provide a room if we accepted the first floor. Is this why we pay such high fees before even arriving?
The Dubai Hilton family caused our vacation to start badly the moment we entered the hotel. Please do not mislead customers during reservations. Deliver what you promise.

The place is great and very accommodating staff

Good location,nice room, friendly staff. Thank you executive lounge for your service, Moffat, Samana, Agatha,Naseem.cheers.

Lovely location with all five stars amenities!

Nice staff Rashid and Mark night shift very good  thank you for helping me in the parking

Отличный сервис! Очень хорошее местоположение! Вкусная ,разнообразное меню! Спасибо всему персоналу,за отличный отдых! На берегу немного тесновато, но хорошо 👍

Very outstanding service from moffat samana and Agatha..they make entire holiday enjoyable.. I can't wait to recommend this hotel..

Perfect location and brilliant service all through out .
Pools are nice ( 3 pools ) and a private beach.
Both hiltons are adjacent and you can use facilities of both properties .
They have a brand new executive lounge for including breakfast and drinks in the evening . Staff were very polite and helpful
Special mention to Adnan and Dita at the lounge for their attention to detail and efficient and polite service
This would be a place to stay again if back in JBR in future …

I had a great experience at the lounge, thanks to the outstanding service provided by Adnan. He was attentive, professional, and made sure everything was taken care of with a friendly attitude. His attention to detail and willingness to help really made my visit relaxing and enjoyable…

Wir haben uns als Familie mit kleinem Kind sehr wohl gefühlt. Das Personal war kinderfreundlich und sehr zuvorkommend. Die Zimmet war sehr sauber und jeder Wunsch wurde sogleich erfüllt. Die Lage ist top und das Essen qualitativ hochwertig und vielfältig.

I went to hartisan with my family for my kids birthday celebration and and I say there the hartisan staff is very good special thanks to Suyash,Allen,nathees bani, renuka,kanchana and shamri thank you all for your warm welcome and services.

Friendly staff . Best reception staff on arrival . Helpful and compassionate.  Facilities are good .
Just add a few basics like dish clothes ,sunlight soap and grater and few bigger bowls in the kitchen area .

اول مرة انزل في هذا الفندق. صراحة احلى حاجة فيه هوا موقعه رهيب وكمان خدمة العملاء عندهم ممتازة حبيت انهم يتواصلون معك بالواتس أب واي حاجة تحتاجها ترسل لهم رسالة وعلى طول يخدموك واول مرة أشوف فندق يخدم برسالة الواتس حقيقة مرة مريحة لانه حتى وانا خارج الفندق ارسل لهم ايش احتاج وينفذوا على طول بدون ما احتاج اتصل فيهم. أنا اخذت جناح صغير مطل على البحر وكان المنظر جميل جدا مقابل عين دبي والغرفة واسعة ومريحة وحبيت انه لسكان الأجنحة فيه حتاج تنفيذي خاص للفطور وناس يخدموك. حاجتين شوي ضايقتني المصعد بطيء ويطول على ما يجي والشي الثاني مالهم مواقف خاصة او خدمة فاليه للسيارات لازم تدخل مواقف ورا الفندق وهما يحددوا لك اي موقف توقف سيارتك لكن بشكل عام الفندق ممتاز وانصح فيه.

I would like to commend the reception staff: Caroline, Walid and Chrictien. They were professional, friendly and very attentive, always ready to help and make our stay comfortable. Excellent service!

Thanks Atiq for your assistance for taxi

With Ms. Bethelhem’s warm welcome, our family had an unforgettable experience. Even though this was our second visit, Hilton Dubai The Walk once again provided us with wonderful and satisfying memories. We truly appreciate all the team members for their kind, prompt support and quick responses to our requests. Thank you so much!

I rarely write Google reviews, but here Rashed in the lobby truly deserves a little praise. After a chaotic arrival in Dubai, we were met by a smiling Rashed who found every possible solution to change our first impression and turn a bad start into a positive experience upon arriving in Dubai. He never said no—only “let me fix it!” Big thumbs up 👍

Valery and Jithu from the housekeeping team always made sure our room was clean and perfectly prepared before we returned from the beach. Their attention to detail and friendly service made our stay even more comfortable and enjoyable.

Первый раз в отеле. Впечатления самые позитивные. Очень приветливый и доброжелательный персонал. Особенно хочется отметить симпатичную, русскоязычную девушку с рецепшн Ханну. Всегда любезно все объяснит и расскажет. А так же выручила нас с продлением проживания в номере перед вылетом на 2 часа. Очень ей благодарны за всё.

Находились на отдыхе в Вашем отеле с 08.12 по19.12.25г. Хотим выразить свою признательность и благодарность за обслуживание всех сотрудников отеля, но особенно приятно отметить работу очень важного для сотрудника на рецепшен-HANNA, всегда готовую помочь при любых обстоятельствах ‼️ Желаю процветания  и удачи во всех делах ваших!

JITHU  desan was very good in cleaning the room and they were too much nice also big thank you for them

JITHU & DESAN

They are so kind
The place was cleaned very neatly, and I’m very satisfied.

Thanks Atiq for your help

Jithu and desan from housekeeping was really good with cleaning and arranging my things properly that you for them whisking them a advance happy new year and chrismas

We had an amazing time at the hotel.The view was beautiful,the room spacious and beautiful,the staff friendly and so helpful!The hotel is situated near the JBR beach and lovely shops and restaurants.The inhouse restaurant the Hartisan was a splendid surprise.Excellent food and wine selection without leaving the hotel.Will recommend Hilton the walk to anyone.Affordable,high class accomodation!!!

Очень понравился отель. Отличная работа персонала в отеле и в ресторане. Особая благодарность Анне и Caroline на ресепшен . А также за обслуживание в ресторане Мо Мо и всему остальному персоналу. И спасибо поварам за разнообразное  и вкусное меню. Рекомендую ваш отель туристам

Thankyou eloisa

Nice staff and service Rashid and Basil very kind thank you

Thank you Mr Roderick and Pheryanta for the assistance..Great Job.....

замечательный отель, суперское расположение, можно пользоваться преимуществами отеля 5*, питание было завтра и обед/ужин, можно питаться что в 4*, что в 5*. На ресепшен замечательная девушка Hanna, русскоговорящая, со всем помогла, все объяснила. Вообщем отдых супер. Также замечательный пляж, полотенца выдают, в общем доступе 3 бассейна подогреваемых, два взрослых, один детский. Питание супер, роллы, суши, мясо любое, гарниры, детский стол-питание, огромный выбор десертов. Вообщем отдых супер, рекомендую именно на jbr отель hilton dubai the walk

Всем привет,  начну с того, что мы возвращаемся второй раз в Дубай и второй раз в отель Hilton walk,  идеальное расположение,  цена и качество на высоте👍👌|Прогулочная зона, можно дойти до колеса обозрения, много кафе, ресторанов. ||Мы были с 6 по 13 декабря. ||Анекс организовал все отлично 👍 |Встретили, как такового подъезда к отелю нет(могут привести через парковку) но это никак не мешает.|Этаж G - Ресепшен небольшой, но персонал все на высшем уровне, улыбаются,  помогут, спросят как дела, все ли нравится. Мы попали к Bethelhem(Бети), особая благодарность за всё,  она сделала наш отпуск просто на все 5 баллов! Узнав что  у нас годовщина свадьбы, поздравили,  принесли в номер комплимент от отеля (пирожное на фото),  очень мило, потом через день у супруга др юбилей, тоже и на завтраке поздравили и номер украсили.|Мы ничего не просили,  повысили нам уровень номера,  и разрешили выезд попозже на пару часиков(что не могло нас не радовать).|Оплатили только сбор  туристический 30дирхам за сутки, от депозита(мини бара) отказались без проблем. ||Этаж LP- У нас были завтрак и ужин, завтрак и ужин шведский стол.|Но можно менять ужин на обед(там же где и завтрак, но выбор типа по меню, тоже вкусно, но как будто долго), или ужинать в ресторане на 35 этаже(в этом ресторане депозит 100 дирхам на человека, напитки и все что больше депозита уже платно)|Вам дают чек, пишете номер номера, имя и подпись,  что вы покушали, на обед или на ужин свой депозит.||Пляж. Море. Бассейн. |Лежаков много. Полотенца лучше брать в 5ке, они работают с 8.00, спокойно взяли(в обед шли в номер сдавали, после обеда ходил и брали еще раз) без проблем , заняли лежаки, или диванчики.. |На столиках стоят номер стола и q-код можно заказать еду и напитки, выбрать оплату картой или кэш, и вам все принесут. |Море классное, в начале декабря прохладное(но не ледяное), но охладиться после загара самое то(мы купались)! |Бассейны с подогревом, по крайней с мере в 5ке точно(в 4ке не пробовали, не знаю)|Этаж UP- Фитнес есть, даже очень достойный. | |Номер был с видом на море, шумоизоляция отличная,  мы ничего не слышали, но где балкон видимо с улицы шум был, но благо балкон был в гостиной и нам это не мешало))!|Занавески блекаю-аут, шикарно! Пока на время не посмотришь, не поймёшь утро уже наступило или нет!|Уборка ежедневная, халатики и тапочки, шампунь,  кондиционер,  гель для душа и даже для тела что то было)

Идеально расположен. Сервис просто на высоте.  Особенно в ресторанах, на пляже, ресепшене. В номерах иногда могут что-то положить по мелочи.

Mr Mark very friendly  and helpful  very welcome guest i fell comfortable  stay i like hilton the walk

Thank you Roderick and Pheryanta your are the best number 1......

Always greeted by friendly staff, who were always smiling.  Nishant and Shahin are always extra helpful when we asked him for directions or recommendations for anything.  Great experience right from check-in

Great service at the hotel Ade so helpful

Thanks Atiq

Thanks Atiq

Thanks Atiq sissy habtamu and Rashid your help

Excellent staff specialy Rashid,Sisay and Atiq are very helpful the location is fantastic room are nice and clean thank you your hospitality

Hilton Dubai The walk is very wonderful Hotel. I Thank Mr Rabie for helping me.

Lidiya was the best in all her ways she is the reason for me and my family to come again and again

The was amazing had so much fun nice and friendly staff special thanks to Hilda and riyad for always cleaning my room in time and it was always sparkling clean be sure to see me again

Everything is perfect but the 4 stars is due to the waiting time for the elevator is too long . I spent 15 min waiting .
Thanks to Samry at the restaurant .
The location is amazing between the wall and JBR .

Atiq sisay and habtamo thanks

Perfect to stay for vacation! My parents love it, beach near , food is good , service very good! Special thanks to Caroline (supervisor) ! She was so nice , professional, friendly and kind person! We wish her good luck and success!

Atiq and sisy thank

Нам понравился очень разнообразный шведский стол. Даже десерты можно было найти приличные (обычно в отелях беда с десертами, но тут хорошо). Персонал весьма дружелюбный. Как-то мы пришли ужинать, хотели взять дыню, но ее разобрали, решили уточнить есть ли еще и нам пошли навстречу, принесли немного дыни и арбуз, хотя ресторан уже закрывался.
Номера хорошие, принадлежности тоже, только хотелось бы чтобы персонал заранее проверял, до въезда количество лосьона, которое осталось в банках, не удобно было бегать в соседнюю ванную чтобы намазать ножки) А снять их нельзя.
Приятно, что есть сотрудники на пляже, которые помогали найти шезлонги на всю семью, проблем не возникало.
Расстроила ситуация с моим днем рождения. Наша поездка была по случаю моего дня рождения и моей младшей дочки. Об этом я писала заранее при бронировании, чтобы нас не забыли поздравить. Мы приехали накануне моего дня рождения. Наш номер оказался не готов. Нас заселили в другой, получше. Но этот момент уже огорчил, т.к.нарушил все наши планы, мы не смогли сразу распаковать чемоданы и нам пришлось переезжать из номера в номер прям в мой день рождения. Про праздник конечно же никто не вспомнил, только когда я начала возмущаться и сказала об этом сотруднику, который делал уборку в номере, он тут же передал по рации, чтобы мол украсили наш номер. Но из-за этого нас не заселяли в номер, мы после моря не могли долгое время принять ванну, т.к.нас попросили выселиться из временно предоставленного номера и при этом мы не могли заселиться в наш постоянный номер. Пол часа просидели в коридоре у лифтов в купальниках и это всё в мой день рождения, который я так ждала :( Полагаю, что в этой ситуации безответственным оказался сотрудник на ресепшене, который нас регистрировал. Он видел сообщение, я ему отдельно даже сказала о наших с дочкой праздниках, он себе записал эту информацию, но ничего не произошло. Зовут его Tamer. Это единственное, что расстроило, остальное всё было хорошо.

Нам понравился очень разнообразный шведский стол. Даже десерты можно было найти приличные (обычно в отелях беда с десертами, но тут хорошо). Персонал весьма дружелюбный. Как-то мы пришли ужинать, хотели взять дыню, но ее разобрали, решили уточнить есть ли еще и нам пошли навстречу, принесли немного дыни и арбуз, хотя ресторан уже закрывался.
Номера хорошие, принадлежности тоже, только хотелось бы чтобы персонал заранее проверял, до въезда количество лосьона, которое осталось в банках, не удобно было бегать в соседнюю ванную чтобы намазать ножки) А снять их нельзя.
Приятно, что есть сотрудники на пляже, которые помогали найти шезлонги на всю семью, проблем не возникало.
Расстроила ситуация с моим днем рождения. Наша поездка была по случаю моего дня рождения и моей младшей дочки. Об этом я писала заранее при бронировании, чтобы нас не забыли поздравить. Мы приехали накануне моего дня рождения. Наш номер оказался не готов. Нас заселили в другой, получше. Но этот момент уже огорчил, т.к.нарушил все наши планы, мы не смогли сразу распаковать чемоданы и нам пришлось переезжать из номера в номер прям в мой день рождения. Про праздник конечно же никто не вспомнил, только когда я начала возмущаться и сказала об этом сотруднику, который делал уборку в номере, он тут же передал по рации, чтобы мол украсили наш номер. Но из-за этого нас не заселяли в номер, мы после моря не могли долгое время принять ванну, т.к.нас попросили выселиться из временно предоставленного номера и при этом мы не могли заселиться в наш постоянный номер. Пол часа просидели в коридоре у лифтов в купальниках и это всё в мой день рождения, который я так ждала :( Полагаю, что в этой ситуации безответственным оказался сотрудник на ресепшене, который нас регистрировал. Он видел сообщение, я ему отдельно даже сказала о наших с дочкой праздниках, он себе записал эту информацию, но ничего не произошло. Зовут его Tamer. Это единственное, что расстроило, остальное всё было хорошо.

Lovely hotel, amazing rooms, friendly staff. The breakfast was great as is the location ... The only thing that really lets this place down is how poor the lifts are. I spent so long waiting on the lifts to get to and from my room.

Me mark concierge  very good  helping Hilton the walk

Atiq rabi thanks

The Hilton hotel is a very good place, the view was amazing, food and everything we really enjoyed our stay. The service from all staffs was also remarkable. Concierge Sisay and Nisham went beyond their way to assist us all the time

Thanks Atiq

Staffs are very professional and very attentive near to beach and marina mall
Nisham and sisay thank you for help

Caroline and Shahed on reception were absolutely fantastic. We had a slight issue with our reservertion however they were more than accommodating and offered us complimentary service. I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyway and everyone staying in JBR.

Nisham  best staff

Nice hotel staff are very professional
Nisham and danilo thank you

Thankyou nisham and hatamu

Atiq khamid and nishant th ks

Mr mark  very good service  Hilton the walk

Amazing place and perfect place to stay when you travel to Dubai, recommend 👌

Atiq and Khalid thanks for help

mr mark and danilo the great service concierge the walk

Thanks Atiq khamid

Concierge team Mr Atiq khamid danilo and rabi  very good  service  give  a nice parking and my family  very happy

I like this place Hilton the walk all staff was very friendly and helping the location in the restaurant  very nice guy in the concierge Mr Atiq and khamid is the best assistance any information in Dubai

Hilton the walk very nice room and parking service Mr Mark the asserted me for three check in luggage and Daniel concierge

Mr mark danilo stow is the best concierge in Hilton Dubai very helpful thanks nice location

We faced a disappointing experience during our recent stay. We had booked one of their penthouses for a weekend getaway with my sisters and our children, but upon check-in, our apartment was not ready. Unfortunately, there were no apologies offered; instead, the manager informed us that it was not her fault and she couldn't guarantee when it would be ready. She suggested an alternative room, which she referred to as "complimentary," although we had already paid for our booking, making the term confusing in this context.|While we understand that issues can arise during busy periods, the customer service and recovery efforts did not meet the standards expected from Hilton. It was disheartening to experience what felt like a lack of professionalism and understanding. At one point, we felt that we were not being treated unfairly and the offer of minimal service followed by a gesture of free food as compensation, which we declined, did not address our concerns.|Our primary issue was not just the inconvenience, but also the impression that the situation was not a priority for Habiba. However, we later spoke with Ayman, who listened to our concerns and offered a sincere apology, which was appreciated. We are considering returning to see if this was an isolated incident with Habiba or if it reflects a broader issue with the brand's service in the UAE.

Ein riesengroßes, tolles, blitzsauberes Appartement wartete in einem Hilton Hotel direkt am belebten "The Walk". Superleckere Halbpension in verschiedenen Restaurants. Der Privatstrand und die Restaurantes des benachbarten Hilton Schwesterhotels können genutzt werden. Tolle Badeort neben Wolkenkratzern.

Nisham thank you

Thank u very much guys your all amazing and helpful,Roderick Nisham Habtamu Basel Rabie..number 1

Sehr gutes Hotel, wir hatten eine sehr gute Zeit in dem Hotel. Die Mitarbeiter sind alle sehr nett und immer hilfsbereit. Und spezielles dankeschön an Walid er war äußerst profesionell und sehr hilfsbereit bei dem wechseln unseres Zimmers auf ein größeres :)

Sehr schöne Aussicht und gute Verbindung mit der zweiten Hilton Anlage gegenüber welche direkt verbunden ist zum Strand

Good service from Atice!

Excellent séjour! Petit dej varié, emplacement idéal mais surtout Un staff au top|Mention spéciale pour JAY et GLENDA qui ont ete adorable!

I had a wonderful experience at Hilton Dubai The Walk, and I want to give special thanks to the amazing concierge team-Adebayo. Priyanta and Khamidullo They were incredibly friendly, professional and always ready to help with anything I needed. Their warm hospitality and great recommendations really made my stay more enjoyable

I would like to give big thanks for Mr Rabie for his great service and  thank yooooou

Concierge team Atiq and Danilo thanks for assisting in the parking

Thank you for assistance Eloisa

Nisham Atiq rodrick very kind to help at lobby and parking thank you so much

Wonderful stay very nice to meet such a great Team Rashid,Atiq Sisay and Elosia Front Office super staff thank you for your hospitality

We were at hotal with friend. Mr Atiqhelping  as for the parking guiding asks the restaurant   thank you very much.

Excellent service by concierge team
Atiq and rashid

Es war alles in bester Ordnung.  Buffet mit großer Auswahl und für jeden etwas dabei.|Unsere Reinigungskraft Zahid war sehr freundlich und bemüht.  Zimmer wurde tiptop gereinigt. |Kenzy an der Rezeption war sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit. |Hat uns bei allen Anliegen gut beraten. |Wir können das Hotel wärmstens weiterempfehlen.

Огромное спасибо Rashed за быстрое заселение и апгрейд номера. В номере очень хорошо убирают, весь персонал дображелателен и готов помочь. Доступ к пляжу и бассейну через соседний отель, но можно пройти через улицу, пляж чистый, мест много. Питание не брали, ели в кафе, которых здесь много. Если будем в этом районе, то вернёмся в Hilton ещё раз.|Спасибо!

Porter (Atique) was lovely, great service & respectful person. Alhumdulillah

Thank you so much for your service

Прекрасный отель. Общая территория с Хитлон Джумейра. Стандартный номер 49 кВ. М( в Хилтон Джумкйре-30 кВ.м).Прекрасное питание, обслуживание. Депозит не платили-сказали не нужен мини бар.Лежаки всегда свободные найти можно. До ближайшего метро пешком неспешным шагом 15 минут. Спасибо всем сотрудникам!

Nisham is good parson give good service

Nishant was professional, friendly and helpful. Great experience.

Good  service at hotel Ade and khamidullo

Hi good hotel and nice service Ade and khamidullo thank you for assisting

Fantastic view very good staff mr mark very good service and atiq

Sama przyjemność. Polecam

Atiq rabi

Thank you Roderick and Pheryanta,Sissy you are all great...

Thank u Mr Roderick yiur the best and also to Pheryanta and Mr Sisay your all helpull number 1...i love tjis Hilton Dubai The Walk

The staff were wonderful and accommodating, the room upgrade was excellent, and special thanks to Tamer.

The staff is very welcoming and kind. They are all the best. Special thanks to Eloisa. She was very kind and helped our family with time and getting ready for the airport. We are also grateful to the waiters: Mumu, Evgene, Allen, May, Nimisha, and Way. Every employee is very welcoming and friendly. Thank you guys💖💖💖

The hotel Concierge were very helpful and nice speical thanks for  mark

During the first two days, we encountered problems checking into our reserved room — until Sameh appeared at the reception desk. He handled all the difficulties and gave us a nice bonus, so we are enjoying our vacation to the fullest.

mr khamid and Atiq and Priyanta thanks guys for helping concierge team

Had the best experience room were very clean and tidy and the service done by Hilda was amazing I'd visit over and over again

Concierge team Mr Rabie and Khamid and Priyanta Atiq and Ade thanks guys

Superbwelcome on day 1 till day 4. Fantastic experience staying within Hilton.
Mt Tamar was very helpful and encouraged us to this wonderful exper

Atiq rabi hamid prayanta rashid ade thanks

Mr priyanta and khamid and Atiq very helpful guys

Room 4203 = 17.11.2025 until 27.11.2025. Check in= perfect, Awsome view from the room,, good service, breakfast in the HARTISAN ,
Drinks (coffee, Hot chocolate,  Tea and Juice by waiter/waitress) Half Board for Lunch or dinner also in other restaurants possible. (100 AED from the Menu). Every day Themed Buffet (incl by booked half board) . Service great ! Thanks to Myat, Khizar, Khin, Alyssa, Rachel and all the others !!!!! You are awesome! We enjoy our stay sooooooo much !
Pool quit,less guests, smaller than in the Hilton Jumeirah JBR, but as a  guest you can use pools and Bars, restaurants of both Hotels. Great ! 100 m to the beach, across a bridge from Level LG to Hilton Jumeirah JBR
JBR. Towers included, also umbrellas and cabanas ect.
Also thanks to AtiQ the baggage Service, and the friendly elevator security guy.
Greetings from Berlin, Betty and Andreas

Only problem: No aircondition in the elevators. For a long ride, warm inside !

Thanks Atiq khamid and Rashid you are so friendly

Hotel is great Atiq khamid thanks

Atiq khamid and priyanta thanks

Отдельная благодарность администратору Walid

Отдельно хотелось бы отметить Администратора Walid за отзывчивость и профессионализм. Очень благодарны

Спасибо большое Администратору Walid за теплый прием и профессионализм

Excellent and very efficient check in with Rashed who was extremely helpful and pleasant. Thank you

Everithing was perfect and Rashed from reception was very very nice with us. Special men!

Nothing special, good location but quite expensive for what it is. Staff are extremely friendly thats why I've given 3 stars otherwise it would be 2 or 1. Lifts take atleast 20 minutes and constantly go passed your floor. Booked and paid extra for sea view but was given the marina view saying its an upgrade but all you can see is Buildings with a little corner of water. Same with my sisters room they booked sea view but was given a room on level UP which is the 1st floor and all you can see is the hotel pool and the wheel on the beach no sea

Good 4*

Jithu and Deepak in housekeeping are very nice guys.

Если бы была оценка 0, поставил бы 0. Отвратительно, должны были заселить в 14.00 уже 2,5 часа сидим и ждем свой номер! Менеджер еще и торгуется с нами)

We stayed at the hotel in November. Everything was wonderful, especially service! On the last day, we received a complaint from the hotel a chocolate brownie. It was so cute ☺️
Finally I would like to say many thanks Caroline, Sameh, Erasmo.

Thank you Eloisa Caroline and Christine Amazing service

Po prostu ten hotel to bajka, która tworzą ludzie.
Cudownie spędzony czas w tym hotelu, a dokładnie dwóch bo oba są połączone. Idealna obsługa od recepcji, aż po kelnerów, przez boya, concierge, po osoby sprzątające, osoby na basenach itp.
Z całego serca polecam. Zwłaszcza dla rodzin ;-)
Zawsze posprzątane, co uczynił nieraz Ahmed. Wspaniały Pan sprzątający i jego piękne wytwory na łóżkach. Cudowny !!! Śniadania smaczne, ale mały wybór był.

Потрясающий корпоративный отдых команды медицинского центра в отеле Hilton The Walk. Идеальное расположение отеля, заботливый персонал, вкуснейшая еда, ежедневная уборка, в этом отеле сделают все, чтобы ваш отдых прошел незабываемо! Especially thanks to reception guys - Erasmo, Caroline, Eloisa, Asude; room makers Mina and Hina! May the God bless you all! You’ve made our holidays unforgettable!

Abbiamo passato l altra metà della luna di miele in questo fantastico posto!qualità ottim,posto centralissimo in JBR!camere pulitissime,il personale è gentilissimo e subito a disposizione per ogni cosa.noi abbiamo anche usufruito del transfer privato a pagamento dell hotel.6 notti in mezza pensione,cena e colazione a buffet,qualita ottima,quantitá buonissime,ottimi prodotti per ogni tipo di esigenza.a disposizione gratuitamente avevamo,asciugamani,piscina con i lettini ed ombrelloni,oppure a scelta la spiaggia attrezzata dell hotel.qualità generale alta!camera con vista sul mare,lato ain dubai e sullo splendido tramonto di Dubai marina.Piccola nota negativa,ogni tanto arrivava dell’odore di gasolio(probabilmente sotto hanno le caldaie)ma a parte questo,tutto perfetto.

An amazing 2 week stay at Hilton The Walk JBR .  The service was amazing at all times especially the front desk staff Edrosa , Eloisa , Sameh and Tamer.

Any request I had was dealt with swiftly and professionally.

I will return here once more and would highly recommend it to all travellers who want to stay in the JBR area.

Khamid and  Atiq both are kind and helpfull

مكان غير امن

All staffs very friendly and very helpful, the buffet breakfast very excellent have much choice, housekeeping very nice, work i  housekeeping one of the name Padma he made me a towel bear i love it so much, the room very clean, fresh, quite, can see the wheel car, very fantastic too, love this hotel and will live here again, thanks everyone give my help . Rebecca Wan

Toppp of the top

Stay was fabulous was upgraded to a suite. Sain took good care of me in the Executive lounge as I have dietary requirements he prepared a special dinner for me. Very much appreciated

Thank you will be back in a few weeks

هذا الفندق اللي مات فيه الدكتور ضياء ؟؟والفندق ترك الغرفة مقفله ٤٨ ساعه عالنزيل ولايعرفون عنه ميت من يومين .. مستحيل اسكن بفندق كذا

Never would I book at this place again.

Due to the situation in the Middle East, all flights got cancelled and refunded.

Not the Hilton, sent about 10 emails and they refuse to refund my deposit.

Other people that I booked with were issued a refund immediately. Not sure what the issue is or is it that they are desperate to keep people’s money.

Stayed for 3 weeks and it couldnt ask for anything more! Great service and unbeatable location in JBR. Front Office manager Cherelyn was very helpful with any thing we needed, and helped make our extensions very smooth. Highly recommend

Dubai amazing Jumeira area , nice view and sun set , lovely stuff and quiet place to stay

Such a wonderful getaway! Loved everything from ambience, food, service, cleanliness! Special thank you to Dipti in reception! She made sure to meet all my needs and preferences and trully a great asset to Hilton Dubai Jumeirah hotel! Will definitely be back!

Miss you Ms. gracee from kids paradise.very kind hearted person with face full of smile always ❤️but our last day you're unavailable in section but we keep on searching you for take a one selfie insha allah we meet you next time😍 management don't miss this type of lady hardworker 💪and give some credit to the lady💎we surely come back because of her🧡

Excellent stay at JBR beach
We were 3 adults stayed for 2 nights

First of all location is amazing & one of best view of ain dubai from hotel.

We were warmly welcomed at reception by Ms yvette and Mr Tejhan
It was occasion of birthday & Hilton team gave us upgrade to family suits as birthday surprise.
We were delighted with welcome & given one of best view of ain dubai from balcony.

We were given room with bed decoration without asking & surprise birthday cake which made our occasion more special,
Very much delightful with the way Hilton team handling their guest.
Ample of space & comfortable beds made our stay enjoyable.

Their beach club & food is as usual amazing.

Best view of ain dubai & palm jumeirah beach from hotel.
Very much recommended for best staycation with family or couple as well.

Looking forward to come back soon.

Вже не перший раз зупиняюсь в цьому готелі. Сервіс, сніданки , персонал, чистота, перша берегова лінія, місцерозташування, все супер👌. Дякую, до наступної зустрічі🖤❤️💚

Amazing experience from check-in to check-out. Beautiful ambiance, professional staff, and very comfortable rooms. Definitely worth it.

Had The best service from Ranjana and Ishan

Very professional and up to the best

Most important best service with a smile

J’ai passé une superbe journée avec ma fille au Hilton Dubai Jumeirah ! Même sans chambre réservée, j’ai loué une place et profité toute la journée de leur espace piscine. C’est vraiment un lieu où on peut se reposer et savourer le confort haut de gamme. Entre détente au bord de la piscine et service impeccable, c’était un vrai moment de luxe et de relaxation !

I had an amazing day with my daughter at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah! Even without booking a room, I reserved a spot and enjoyed their pool area all day. It’s truly a place where you can relax and soak in the top-quality comfort. Between lounging by the pool and impeccable service, it was a true moment of luxury and relaxation!

J’ai bien aimé mon séjour et le professionnalisme de certains employés de l’hôtel dont Mr Sain le Camerounais et Mr Emile de Hilton Dubaï Marina. Ils sont très à l'écoute des autres et Mr Sain parle très bien le français. Le Petit Déjeuner de Hilton est trop bien.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Our stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah was absolutely wonderful from beginning to end.

The hotel location is perfect, with direct beach access, beautiful sea views, excellent facilities, and a fantastic atmosphere for families. The rooms were very comfortable, clean, and the entire staff made us feel truly welcomed throughout our stay.

We would especially like to express our sincere appreciation to Michael Falcão, Cluster Assistant Director of Sales, who went above and beyond to assist us before and during our stay. Michael is not only extremely professional, but also a genuinely kind and caring person. He supported us with every detail, helped us feel comfortable and safe, and made sure everything was perfectly arranged for our family.

Thanks to him, we were able to enjoy an exceptional experience, including access to the Business Lounge, pool facilities, and many thoughtful touches that made our stay even more special.

The level of hospitality, professionalism, and customer care at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah is truly outstanding. We felt valued as guests from the very first moment.

A huge thank you to Michael and the entire Hilton team for making our stay unforgettable. We will definitely return again and highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.

Warm regards, Enciu & Family

Good

Nous avons passé un excellent séjour dans ce magnifique hôtel, merci à tout le personnel incroyable ! Youski

I stayed at Hilton Jumeirah Resort last week and I had a lovely experience. From my check in with Zeena who was warm and friendly making me feel so welcome, to Pooja and Demi who are the front office management team, they made me feel so at home and special. This was my first stay here and I would not hesitate to recommend it. The folks do the Hilton Dubai brand proud. Christina (217)

Amazing hotel great staff best location in Jumeirah

Thanks for tracy and for the best hotel hilton the staff is very good and very friendly and all the best for hilton family

The staff were excellent and we have enjoyed with the smiles of the staffs

Visited the pool and beach yesterday . Was magnificent. Location is great and people are welcoming and friendly

Super bir otel. Dubai ye her gittigimde ilk tercihimdir. Lokasyon cok iyi. Etrafta hersey var. restoranlar guzel. Ayrica otelin icindeki restoranlarda iyi. Otel tabi biraz eski artik ama konum ve kolaylik olarak bence alternatifi olmayan bir yer. Arabinizi bir kere biraktikdan sonra hicbir seye ihtiyaciniz olmuyor. Denize inmek odanizdan 2 dakika. Kahvaltisi guzel. Begenerek kaldigim otellerin en basinda geliyor.

It’s a fantastic hotel. It’s my first choice every time I go to Dubai. The location is excellent. Everything you need is nearby. The restaurants are great. The restaurants inside the hotel are also good. The hotel is a bit dated now, of course, but in terms of location and convenience, I think it’s unbeatable. Once you park your car, you don’t need anything else. It’s just a 2-minute walk from your room to the beach. The breakfast is great. It’s one of the top hotels I’ve stayed at that I really enjoyed.

Lovely place to stay. All the staff are friendly and helpful and we would definitely stay again.

Such a relaxing experience! Spent 3 days here .. the staff being so sweet is what makes the difference! Ask for the amazing Lydia the reception.

Not recommend

Delicious lunch buffet ❤️❤️

My family and I have spent a splendid staycation in Hilton jumeira which we will repeat it  very soon .
The food was testy and it was nice to know the head chef ABILASH ASOKAN who assisted me a lot in my gluten free food and was very helpful with me and my family .
The service of all the staff was very good .

ممتاز جدا تعاملوا معنا بكل رقي والمكان قريب من كل شي يستحق الزيارة ويستحق كل درهم يندفع فيه
كانت زيارة عائلية له ولبى جميع المتطلبات
المكان نظيف جدا والممرات والرائحة زكية

Хилтон-это бренд! Это близость к морю и шикарный вид! Но!
Я выбрала отель, что бы мне было комфортно! Безопасно! Без напряжения !
По факту: встретила меня эта женщина  на рецепции в 9.30 вечера 20 апреля 2026 года(Лилия или Лидия кажется ее звали) Заселить отказалась, тк номер бронировал на меня мой муж, сказала без мужа не заселю, оплачивайте снова. Говорю я устала, понимаете, я 10 часов потратила на дорогу к вам, я голодная и я нервничаю, у нас все через букинг было оплачено. Мы перебронировали на меня. Меня заселяли час. При чем я попросила позвать администратора или кого то, кто знает румынский, сербский или русский(никого не было) То что я перебронировала, эта женщина попросила меня перевести на английский. Я ей не переводчик! Я клиент!
Понимать меня эта админ начала только после того, как я сказала, что я сейчас встану и уйду и заселюсь в другой отель, а разбираться с букингом и возвращать деньги будет она сама!
Пришлось выслать ей на почту мою бронь, что бы она в гугле перевела  для себя(хотя был код бронирования и все данные по номеру можно было посмотреть)! Я разочарована! Я понимаю, что послевоенное время и нехватка персонала и скидки, но !  Так нельзя с гостями!! Которые заранее все оплатили и привезли деньги в страну и всячески страну нахваливают! Это неуважительное отношение! Женщина по хамски заселяла одну меня(больше не было ни одного человека) заселяла больше часа,
потом обьявила мне, что ужин закончился. Я уставшая и голодная и злая должна была начать свой «отдых» в этом «приветливом» отеле?со слезами на глазах??
Хорошо, что другие люди вокруг, обеспечивающие сервис) обратили на меня внимание и договорились и отвели покушать и успокоили!
Я могла выбрать любую другую страну, понимаете?
Отель пустой и такое хамское отношение к дорогим гостям? VIP клиенты букинга! Испортить отдых с самого начала!!!
Еще завтраки мне показались скудными для 5*, десертный стол ограничен. На 4 день уже надоело-пресытилась, одно и тоже
Ужин прекрасен.
Про уборку: три раза надо звать, что б заглянули в номер убраться, так и не поняла график уборки. Полотенце одно сегодня забыла горничная положить, надеюсь мне НЕ придется оправдываться!
(К рецепции уже нет никакого желания подходить, что бы что то спрашивать и просить помощи)
Второй Хилтон рядом почти закрыт, некоторые бассейны тоже закрыты. Один бассейн на 2 отеля(загруженности пока нет)
Нет  передевалок на пляже, где можно было бы переодеться.
Но вид из номера прекрасен! Почти 180 градусов! Шикарный!
Все новое и приятное, но возможно из-за трудного времени и низкой загруженности туристами такой вот пока что сервис. (Ранее в Дубае мы отдыхали в семейном отеле и было очень душевно, на любом языке с нами очень вежливо общались)

We had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. From the moment we arrived, the valet and front office teams were incredibly friendly and helpful.

As it was my birthday, the housekeeping team surprised us with a beautifully decorated room—it was spotless, well-maintained, and the staff were very humble and attentive.

The food & beverage team, both in the main restaurant and by the pool, provided excellent service and made sure we were well taken care of. The recreation and security teams were also friendly and supportive throughout our stay.

Overall, a great experience with exceptional service from all staff. Highly recommended!

Great experience with the resort. Room and food was great. However they can improve in their room service. There was no person to assist in the games room and that can be steamlined. Pool was good. We had buffet for dinner and breakfast. Great spread of food.

I had a great experience thanks to Cherelyn. She welcomed me warmly at the reception and provided excellent service throughout. Very kind and helpful!

Ruslan,eiei,moffat one of the best team member he is super helpful I’m diamond member for 9 years and i have never seen team member like this

Lydia it's nice and perfect person and help us very well
Everything its nice and good it's good please

Lyda at the front desk was absolutely wonderful. She greeted us with a warm smile, handled everything efficiently, and made the check-in process smooth and stress-free. Her friendly attitude and professionalism truly made our stay more pleasant. Thank you, Lindya, for your excellent service!

I called on April 18 2026 at 10:40 pm to make a reservation and request a private room. However, I was shocked by the behavior of the employee Filipina
who answered my call. She abruptly hung up on me after calling me “stupid.” I then tried repeatedly to call back to ask for her name, but each time she would answer and immediately disconnect the call.

This has been, without exaggeration, the worst customer service experience I have ever had. I intend to take legal action against both the employee and the hotel regarding this incident.

I really like this hotel; it's quiet, prestigious, and the staff are always attentive.

ممتاز وخدمة رائعه واستمتعنا بقضاء اجازه روعه واسعار رهيبه
وشكر خاص للموظف محمد الجوهري بقسم الحجوزات

ممتاز

I got the opportunity to stay in a room facing the beach & the view was spectacular especially in the night. The room was spacious & clean. The breakfast buffet was fabulous with a great selection. All the staff members I came across were friendly & helpful. A special thank you to the following staff members for their exceptional service!

Arman  (Front office),  Cherelyne  (Front office), Andrew (front office), Temitope (Front office), Phinaya (F&B), Joanna (F&B), Grace (F&B), Dewi (F&B) and Chathura (F&B).

Our stay was exceptional, starting with a very warm welcome from the valet, reception, and housekeeping teams. We are especially grateful to Zena for providing us with a room upgrade and for her quick coordination of the birthday cake and room decorations. The dining experience was equally impressive both breakfast and dinner were delicious. All the staff were smiling and incredibly accommodating throughout our visit

Actually i stay for 3 days 2 nights was nice honestly the hospitality was nice and front disck was nice on check in

So beautiful 💕 view excellent service I am very very impressive

This hotel is newly renovated and right in the heart of JBR - beachfront and just across The Walk. The rooms are amazing, especially the corner rooms. Check in was quick and Cherelyn was so warm and attentive! Couldn’t ask for a better staycation.

الفندق حلو والموظفين محترمين والغرف حلوه والموظف كريم ريال طيب  و عبد الصمد في الاستقبال

Went for staycation! Deal was good but food was average, disappointed with food quality. Arun was awesome and very helpful!

I had requested a room upgrade with a sea view prior to arrival. While the hotel did provide us with a sea view suite, unfortunately the overall experience was disappointing.

Upon check-in, I had planned a birthday surprise for my wife. However, the receptionist informed us—directly in front of her—that they could not arrange the room decoration at that moment and might do it later. This completely ruined the surprise, which was very upsetting.

Although I appreciate the room upgrade, the service did not meet the standards expected in Dubai. Additionally, the food quality was very poor—honestly below what you would expect even from a two-star hotel.

This is the first time I’ve felt the need to leave such a negative review in Dubai. I sincerely hope the hotel improves both its service and food quality.

I had a very disappointing experience at this hotel. The food was extremely poor and honestly not even worth a two-star rating. We paid extra for an upgrade that was supposed to include dinner, but the quality was so bad that any restaurant outside would have been a much better choice.
Additionally, my husband had informed the hotel in advance that it was my birthday and requested a room decoration as a surprise. Unfortunately, the staff completely forgot about this request. To make matters worse, one of the employees mentioned my birthday in front of me after checking my ID, which completely ruined the surprise and upset my husband.
Overall, the place does not feel luxurious at all and definitely does not deserve a five-star rating. At best, it might qualify for a much lower rating, especially considering its location in a more modest area. I would not recommend this hotel.

مكان جميل ورائع

The hotel is super nice and location made it excellent, direct to the beach, great view from the room, Karim did everything at the checkin that made me feel like home he gave us a lot of details about the hotel and facilities that we didn’t ask a single question. Chapeau bas ❤️. Jackie smile at the Waebreaker beach restaurant and her exceptional hospitality will bring us back again and again for more staycations in JBR. Thanks everyone 🤠

Good and nice place to stay

Best hotel, amazing location, and the staff are genuinely warm and welcoming. We’ve stayed there twice already and will definitely come back again. The location is excellent, and while the hotel itself and the rooms are perfectly fine, what really stands out is the exceptionally friendly and attentive staff.

Exceptional experience at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah.
A special thanks for the complimentary suite upgrade — a truly appreciated and classy gesture.

Everything was outstanding: service, cleanliness, food quality, and the beach.
Professional staff and a smooth, relaxing stay from start to finish.

Highly recommended, and definitely coming back.

Thanks it was fantastic experience, hope get back again soon

Very good service and very polite and good manners room cleaners Padma good job 💯👍🏼👍🏼

We would like to extend our sincere appreciation and gratitude to the receptionist, Mr. Ghazali, for his outstanding performance in customer service. He is known for his prompt responsiveness and dedication to meeting clients’ needs with professionalism and care.
His warm smile and courteous manner create a positive impression on everyone,
we wish him continued success and excellence.

We stayed here as a family and really enjoyed it. The hotel is clean and cozy, the staff are polite, and the kids loved the Kids Paradise playroom. The location is good, and the price is great, especially with breakfast and dinner included.

The only thing I’d suggest is updating the towels a bit, as some of them felt a little old.

Hello, concierge, Sayhem was amazing, wonderful service from him, thanks a lot

I had a wonderful stay at the Hilton in Dubai. The hotel exceeded my expectations in every way. The rooms are beautiful, very clean, and the view from my room overlooking the sea was absolutely amazing. Waking up every morning and seeing the ocean was a real pleasure.

The food at the hotel is outstanding. Everything is fresh, delicious, and there is a great variety of dishes. The restaurants and breakfast were truly impressive.

The pools are excellent, very clean and comfortable, and the sea is located very close to the hotel, which makes it perfect for relaxing by the beach.

Housekeeping does a fantastic job — the room was cleaned every day and everything was always perfectly tidy.

I would also like to mention the staff. Everyone working at the hotel is incredibly kind, friendly, and welcoming. They really make you feel comfortable and cared for.

I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai. It was a perfect experience and I would definitely love to come back again.
Andrei

a world class service at executive lounge that will lasts. The venue has a superb ambiance that you’ll really love and enjoy.

The breakfast was very delicious and enjoyable.
The reception staff were very kind and welcoming from the moment we arrived.
The location is excellent, and the beach is beautiful.
However, it would be great if there was a floor dedicated to couples, as the noise from children can be a bit disturbing. Also, the dinner time was quite crowded and a bit uncomfortable.
Overall, everything else was excellent and we had a very nice stay.

Had a wonderful time at Hilton Jumeirah during Eid holidays. I had booked gulf suite and it was really comfortable, the views were spectacular with the mighty Ain Dubai shinning right in front of you. With suite room we got access to executive lounge as well, due to current conditions executive lounge facility was moved to trader vics, we had afternoon tea and happy hour drinks from there and it was great. Dinner was tad bit disappointing as didn’t quite like the options, there was lots to choose from yet nothing really stood out. Breakfast options were far better, loved the spread.
The service is good, staff is courteous and always ready to assist, special mention to the HK team who set our extra beds.
Overall we had an amazing time and would love to visit again.

Amazing service in executive lounge especially ruslan he is very helpful and polite and all the staffs in lounge access

Our staycation in Hilton honor is very good especially the receptionist name ZENA highly recommended as a customer service employee she has the quality that I could say impressive she made my birthday a memorable one even up to the last minute after we check out....

الخدمه ممتازه جدا وريان ماقصر معانا

Highy recommended with a five star service.
Thanks to Mr. Adnan and Mr. Ruslan who’s assisting us with our food.

It was an amazing hotel to stay at in Dubai. I highly recommend it! The hotel has direct beach access and a beautiful view from the room, which made our stay even more special.

I would also like to mention two wonderful staff members from the Executive Lounge — Ruslan and Adnan. Their service was outstanding: always smiling, attentive, and ready to help. They made delicious drinks and truly created a great atmosphere, making each day even more enjoyable.

Thank you!

The hotel is nice, but it feels more like a 4-star than a 5-star experience. The lobby was cool, but the rooms could use a bit more excitement.

We had a lovely experience. Dipti at the front office was extremely kind and helpful, and she arranged a wonderful corner suite room with a beautiful sea and pool view. Her support made our stay extra special. Highly appreciated

A great place to spend time with the family. There's a kids' club (where you can leave your child and take a break from him 🤣), restaurants, beach, and several swimming pools. Since we have a certain status with the Hilton hotels, we have access to the executive lounge, where we were served for several days in a row by a team consisting of Ruslan, April, Sign, and Ellen. Ruslan made delicious cocktails and was always nearby, tall the team always changed the food and sometimes checked to make sure everything was clean for the child. Thank you all is good

Good 👍

Отель прекрасный как всегда хоть и есть большие мировые проблемы но всегда есть люди которые красят наш отдых, спасибо отдельно персоналу Executive Lounge спасибо Ruslan за профессионализм за отзывчивость и за компетентность, и спасибо Dita, EiEi

Спасибо Executive Lounge. Руслану. Очень хороший официант. Обслуживание отличное.

I had an absolutely wonderful experience, and a big part of that was thanks to Ms. Cherelyn. She was incredibly kind, attentive, and truly went above and beyond to assist us with all our inquiries. Her professionalism and warm approach made us feel very welcome and well taken care of throughout our stay.

It’s rare to come across someone so dedicated and accommodating, and Ms. Cherelyn definitely made a lasting impression on us. Because of her excellent service, our stay was even more enjoyable and memorable.

Thank you once again, Ms. Cherelyn, for your outstanding support. We’re already looking forward to coming back soon!

Забронировал номер с полным видом на море. В итоге посетили в номере с огромным видом на море.

Highly recommended, great location , wonderful services, i recommend the corner sea view suite as it has a panoramic view on the sea and it was amazing stunning view on the sea and Ain Dubai , also it has big balcony and the room was very big i love it . It has a free parking , multiple swimming pools and a private beach and it's location if perfect in the famous JBR area with access to many shops and resturant. Great breakfast and delicious Dinner, Again Highly recommend for a relaxing vacation.

Konum olarak çok güzel  kahvaltı ve yemekler daha iyi olabilir

If you want to wait 30 min for parking, breakfast, dinner in queue this is it. Also rooms are old.food is all indian cuisine. Couldnt eat. I was expecting a quality for that money

My experience was extremely disappointing, and I would not recommend it at all. The staff lack the level of expertise expected from a brand of this caliber, and they appear to be either undertrained or lacking professionalism. The overall organization is poor, with noticeable waiting times across most services, including the buffet, elevators, and reception desk. It is also surprising and unacceptable that the restaurant does not provide basic or wet napkins. Furthermore, the level of cleanliness is very average and does not meet the standards of a five-star hotel.

Hilton Jumeirah Beach, Concierge Temi & Mani very helpful, always friendly. Also the team at the breakfast especially the personnel from Srilanka very professional and friendly . We stayed there many times and always had a very good service. 🤗

The hotel staff were amazing

I would like to express my appreciation for the excellent service provided by Emil from the concierge team at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. He was extremely professional, friendly, and very helpful throughout my stay. Emil went above and beyond to assist with recommendations and arrangements, making everything smooth and enjoyable. His warm attitude and dedication to guest satisfaction truly stood out. Thank you, Emil, for the outstanding service.

The hotel was amazing and the lifeguard padam was very nice and it was fun and Mr ranuana

Good service

I recently stayed at the Hilton Jumeriah JBR
27th February for total of 10 days (should of been 3 nights) Room 223
During a really difficult and stressful time with uncertainty.
I cannot express my gratitude enough to how we were treated. The cleaners especially were so kind and always happy and left us notes and sweet gestures. They made us feel safe even though I felt so anxious with the missile strikes.
When all this craziness passes I would love to return and do all the things I didn’t get to do on our 1st trip to Dubai. We would love to return to this same hotel as it was so well managed during a crisis.
Thank you from the UK and us.

Stayed at the Hilton across the road, but used the facilities here and needed to mention the service from the staff was truly exceptional across the entire hotel. Special mention to the executive lounge staff Agather, Erika, Sain, Eiei and April. You all do a fantastic job and made our 8 day stay very enjoyable 😊

Fijn hotel met uitstekende service. Ook in deze spannende tijd vanwege de oorlog en aanvallen met drones en raketten blijft het personeel heel zorg-en behulpzaam. Kamers zijn fijn, bedden prima alleen, zal wel een reden hebben, de tv zenders (heel veel) zijn niet bepaald interesant.Bij alle arabisch. Zwembaden en strand zijn prachtig . Als het druk is soms wel lastig een goed plaatsje te vinden
Totaal score voor ons, jaarlijkse bezoekers is een 8 .

Nice place

All the hotel staff were incredible, from reception to the team at breakfast and everyone in the lobby. Every single person we encountered was warm, welcoming, and professional. We truly couldn’t fault anyone.

A very special thank you to Nyi Nyi, who was always greeting everyone with a big smile and such a positive attitude. He consistently went above and beyond to make sure guests were happy and comfortable, and nothing was ever too much trouble. His kindness, professionalism, and dedication really stood out and made our experience even more memorable.

Thank you to the entire team for your hard work and for making our stay so wonderful. It is truly appreciated!

We had a first class stay here from the 27th February for 6 nights. The staff across the whole hotel were wonderful especially given all the uncertainty with the Iran war. We have stayed here before and would definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends and we hope to return again! A special mention too for the outstanding Hilton Executive Lounge Team April, Sain, Erika, Ellen, Ruslan and Eiei who were super helpful and welcoming.

Nice beach

We vacationed in Dubai in March 2026. We encountered flight delays and rescheduling. We used the beach area with sun loungers and umbrellas. The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. I'd especially like to mention Dan. He was incredibly helpful with everything we needed, giving us helpful tips and advice. We are very grateful. We highly recommend this hotel and their beach area!

Rude security IRF Abdullah

Хороший отель. Самый главный плюс - это пляж. Не надо ни куда далеко ходить. Шикарные шезлонги рядом с которыми бар.
К минусам отнесу - запах. Очень плохая вентиляция в отеле. В номере пахнет то едой, то куревом.

Wir waren gerade dort wo die konflikte endstanden.
Es war ein ausnahmezustand im grossen und ganzen alles gut. Wurden supportet.
Der wo das Zimmer reinigte war so freundlich und herzlichst. Das einzige wo in dieser situation echt zu bemängel war ist wir durften nicht im Restaurant Verona essen war in so einer speziellen situation trotzdem nur für VIP gäste erlaubt. Und dies find ich unterste Schublade da krieg herschte das find ich echt eine sauerrei.
Dies ist zu bemängeln.

I have stayed at this beautiful hotel many times in my last 15 vsits to Dubai.  It’s my favorite.  The location is the best right on the beach, the rooms are spacious and have full floor to ceiling windows and service is impeccable.

It is a very family friendly hotel.  The food in the lobby cafe is outstanding.  I had foul fava beans, bread, eggs, orange juice and Arabic coffee.

Karim Badawy, the Duty Manager, was extremely helpful and provided immense hospitality, to me during my stay.  Thank you Karim, for your amazing hospitality and assistance.

Anna was amazing!

Erika very helpful and the rest of the team are special April, sain, ie ie, ruslan, Ellen. Yacht and Kausila made my stay in Dubai very memorable. They looked after me and I really appreciated that. Thanks guys I will stay with the Hilton Group again because of the staff.

Great service by Sarita!!

Nous avons passé un très bon séjour dans cet hôtel. L’équipe du salon exécutif était géniale, très à l’écoute Sain, April,Ellen , Erika, Ruslan et Eiei. La nourriture est bonne. Très réactifs face à la crise politique pour organiser au mieux les clients.

Amaizing place ❤️

Good location, close to beach.  Staff efficient and helpful. Good variety of food.

Sunset is one of the beautiful view from the window
Cool breez
Ocean view

End to end exceptional experience especially during the current regional challenge. Staff very focussed, accommodating and super friendly. Special thanks to Tami

We stayed at Hilton Jumeirah Beach earlier this month, and I wanted to take a moment to recognise the exceptional service we received throughout our stay.

From the moment we arrived, the experience was seamless. The reception and concierge team were fantastic, especially Tejman, who made both our arrival and departure incredibly smooth. During our stay, I unfortunately lost a bag containing important documentation in a taxi. Tejman and the concierge team went above and beyond to track the taxi and resolve the situation. Thanks to their efforts, my bag was safely returned with nothing missing. I was truly overwhelmed by their professionalism and dedication.

A special mention must go to the Executive Lounge team — Sain, April, Ellen, Erika, Eiei, and Ruslan. We spent time there every day, and the team consistently went above and beyond to ensure we were well looked after. Their attention to detail, warm service, and genuine care made a real difference to our stay. On our final day, the team gave us a heartfelt send-off, which meant a lot to our family.

Thit-Hk from housekeeping also deserves recognition. She maintained our room to an excellent standard and was always friendly and welcoming, especially towards my son. It was clear she took pride in her work, and her attention to detail did not go unnoticed.

Lastly, I would like to highlight Thant from the poolside bar/restaurant. After we experienced some issues with the ordering system, Thant stepped in and ensured we were looked after for the remainder of the day and throughout our stay. His humble attitude and willingness to improve and take ownership were impressive.

Overall, the level of service across the hotel was outstanding. The team genuinely care about their guests, and it shows in every interaction. We will definitely be returning and would highly recommend this hotel to others.

Thank you again to the entire team for making our stay so memorable.

Great hotel , perfect location  good food and service really comfortable rooms

Dan bekommt von mir volle Punktzahl für seinen zuvorkommenden Service

Great hospitality & friendly.....

Muy buena ubicación.En todo el meollo de la palmera

We had a wonderful stay at Hilton Hotel with an excellent level of service throughout. The breakfasts and dinners were very good, and the staff — from the café team to housekeeping and reception — were friendly and professional. We also appreciated the efficient luggage assistance service. Special thanks to Emad and Tejman who helped us with our bags.

Keshav, Hirusha, and Nuwan were incredible. Big shoutout to Melody as well. They made my day at Hilton perfect.

Very very good!!! Excellent service
Servant Ozodbek is very humble and good waiter I have ever seen!!!!!!

Very good attention from Dan, attentive every day. That nothing is missing. Don't ever take it out. Thank you

Fantastic service on the beach by the waiter Adhi! 🤩

I visited Hilton jumairah beach it was very good experience served by Stephen he welcomed and take care of use Stephen is an asset to the team and hotel.ill come back again

Very good service and a very good person. Such a person. May there be many and a good hotel.Gerald and Keshav for the  great service

The Beach was very nice, espescially the Sunset. Also Keshav was very accomodating. We Even for to pay half Price for the last two Hours on the Beach. After Sunset we had another 2 Great Hours up on the Pools.

I feel happy when I go to that place

Services are wonderful, amazing hospitality

It is a cool service, Dan is a good person on the beach

The hotel staff were amazing. They blessed us with a complimentary breakfast for our 25th Wedding anniversary. The Front Office Manager - Pooja, came to see us and wished us for our anniversary. Her and the Front Desk Team had a photo with us.

We felt like we were one of the Hilton Family. We are now part of Hilton Honors.

Everytime we visit Dubai we will only stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeriah

The Valet service team were fantastic, they were eager to park the car in the perfect parking space in front of the hotel. And took great care of the hire car. And immediately opened the car doors as soon as we arrived. Especially Ramadas the Valet Team leader.

The Housekeeping team left us an amazing anniversary presentation. The room was always clean and fresh.

The Front Reception team booked us in swiftly, and a huge thank you to Rotuta who was so amazing.

Charity who served us at the pool was amazing.

TraderVics was amazing.

By far the best hotel in Dubai, located on The Walk.

Wir waren sehr zufrieden mit unserem Aufenthalt im Hilton Jumeirah Hotel. Besonders hervorzuheben ist das ausserordentlich nette Personal, vorallem Enzo, Mani, Madhab.
Auch möchte ich mich von ganzem Herzen bei Thet ❤️vom Houskepping bedanken. Der Spa Bereich ist fantastisch, Dank der professionellen Swati habe ich mich sehr wohl gefühlt. Vielen Dank Swati❤️

Beautiful, clean place, food always good.

Посетили ресторан Lounge (находится на 9 этаже) и остались в полном восторге не только от вида и кухни, но и от уровня обслуживания. Хочется особенно отметить официанта Руслана. С первых минут он проявил себя как настоящий профессионал: подробно рассказал о фирменных позициях, посоветовал вино к ужину и учел все наши пожелания по подаче.

Несмотря на то, что в зале было много посетителей, Руслан ни разу не заставил нас ждать — вовремя убирал посуду, доливал напитки, но при этом совершенно не навязывал свое общество. Очень приятный и воспитанный молодой человек. Такие сотрудники — украшение ресторана.

И отдельное спасибо 🙏 работникам консъержа Mani, Sayhem, Emelton, Tejman, Ruslan.

Location was amazing, literally walk outside and you're on the start of the "strip" (where all the restaurants and shops are).

Breakfast was an amazing buffet with many options

Все было отлично 👍👍👍 завтраки хорошие и ужины. Первая линия , удобно . Номера хорошие! Мне понравилось  все 🤝

Aye did my massage and she is truly amazing at what she does. You can definitely tell she is passionate about her career. She created a relaxing environment and is very easy to talk to. I can't wait to come back!

My husband and I had a lovely stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeira . It is situated  right in the middle of the tourist area and the vibe was just energetic and pleasant .

The hotel staff were amazing and very helpful.
Temi, Saymen and the rest of the team were great.
I needed help with getting a taxi to visit a friend who lives after the Expo area. As well as sending a package to that same location the next day. Temi assisted me on both occasions and so I didn’t feel overwhelmed or have to worry.

We will definitely stay at the hotel on our next stay in Dubai .

Beach was very clean and the our Beach staff keshav is  give best service

Keshav  from the recreation  he  is great  he is very helpful  i will come back again..

The room I received was a larger suite but it was impossible to get a good night sleep because it is connected directly via a door with no insulation to the room next door. You can clearly hear everything the occupants in the room next door are saying and doing. Extremely disappointed at the room quality given how expensive it was.
There are so many other hotels in the area probably worth exploring those. I even recorded the guy next to me at 2 am talking on the phone. The room service was great and breakfast was great.

The people are helpful , se the picture from Hirusa lifeguard. Al lifeguard staff are very profissional. Congratulations.

Отличный пляж. Отличный сервис! Keshav отличный менеджер!

Stayed at the Jumeriah Hilton in Dubai! Everything was fabulous from the time I arrived until the time I left. Everything request made! Mani, the Concierge, is the best to have ever done it! Very helpful! Will definitely recommend this hotel. And if you need anything, Mani WILL make it happen!

mr. padam lifeguard from  recreation very good service..hospitality and wonderful service..we enjoyed a lot

Fantastic stay at Hilton Jumeirah Dubai. Nice location in the heart of JBR. A good choice of excellent restaurants, multiple pools and private beach. The best bit was the friendly and efficient staff. Special mention and huge thanks to Mani in the concierge team who helped locate and collect our missing luggage from the airport with efficiency and a smile. A lovely gentleman who is a credit to Hilton Jumeirah Dubai.

Wirklich Top Service an allen Fronten. Das Essen war Top.
Das Concierge Team mit Enzo, Mani und Madhab waren äusserst freundlich und Hilfsbereit.
Wir können es nur Empfehlen.
Herzliche Grüsse Ruedi

Отель шикарный, просто дворец, всё в мраморе, первая береговая линия, собственный пляж, шезлонги, зонтики, стулья. При заселении сразу поменяли номер бесплатно, на ресепе оказалась рускоязычная девушка, которая очень помогла, у нас изначально был номер с одной кроватью и без балкона, поменяли на номер с двумя кроватями и балконом. Номера может и не новые, но однозначно прекрасные. Чисто, просторно, две большие двуспальные кровати, чайник, кофе, чай, сливки пополняются ежедневно бесплатно, вода всегда в фирменных стеклянных бутылках, ведёрко для льда. На этаже есть помещение, где этот лёд можно в любое время взять. Есть мини холодильник. Из отеля выход сразу к бассейну, чуть спустился по лестнице и сразу пляж. Всегда можно найти свободные шезлонги. По карте отеля выдают полотенца огромные махровые, как простыни. Мы отдыхали с 20 по 25 октября, погода восторг, +33 днём, но очень комфортно купаться, загорать, залив тёплый, заходишь в воду, как в родную, мне лично именно такое и нужно. Бассейны прохладные.  На берегу смотрители всегда окажут помощь, если ногу порезал о ракушку или забыл что то, догонят, отдадут. Рядом с отелем куча кафешек, магазинчиков, Фикс прайс, в котором можно купить и дубайский шоколад в том числе очень приличного качества и в три раза дешевле, чем в тех магазинчиках, мороженое так же вкусное и дешёвое. Мы брали тур с завтраком и ужином, который можно поменять на обед на месте, в любой день. Питаться можно как в столовой, так и в любом ресторане отеля, при заселении рассказывают об этом подробно. Еда очень разнообразная, свежая, много блюд, десертов, фрукты. Мы ездили с дочкой веганом, больше всего боялась, что она останется голодной, этого не произошло, есть и растительное молоко, хлопья, суп, хумус, рис и прочее. Ну и рядом с отелем есть макдоналдс, сабвей, корейское кафе ...не ходили даже никуда, нам хватало еды в отеле. Марина молл недалеко, пешком можно прогуляться и заодно покататься на корабле по каналу и заливу. Мы плавали на Лотусе на верхней палубе, остались очень довольны, и сама прогулка прекрасная и диджей зажигал, танцы, ужин...восторг! Работают карты юнион пей от россельхоз банка сразу по прилёту, начиная с дюти фри. Купили соджу по приятной цене упаковку микс вкусов. В номере конечно были небольшие нюансы с парой розеток и кондиционером, который каждую ночь включался в 4 утра на охлаждение, но это мелочи по сравнению с восторгом от поездки и отеля в целом. Да, персонал говорит на английском, на русском пара человек на ресепе, будьте готовы к этому. В отеле так же есть разные сервисы и службы, можно заказать такси, катер арендовать...рядом банк, обменники валюты. Пепельницы для курящих есть, в том числе и на пляже, очень всё достойно, отношение к гостям отеля прекрасное, вежливое, все готовы помочь с решением любых вопросов. Наш номер был с видом на улицу, оживлённое движение, но никакой шум вообще не мешал, всё очень комфортно. Я в восторге от отеля, слава Богу никаких анимаций и дискотек как в Турции, никто отдыхать не мешает, это релакс полнейший. Ванная комната великолепная, душ шикарный, просторный. Уборка номера ежедневная.  Сигареты на балконе не оставляйте, вороны украдут). Вайфай шикарен, летает везде на территории отеля. Кто то написал, что там незакончен ремонт, люди отдыхали в одно время с нами, это видимо две мойки ног у пляжа...смешно, честно. Там эти мойки не единственные. И лежаков у двух бассейнов и на пляже  предостаточно, а если нет, то у ребят на смотровой вышке стулья есть специальные, можно прям к воде ставить, берите сколько надо. Хилтон очень высоко задрал планку,  спасибо огромное отелю и персоналу за наш чудесный отдых в Дубае, это было великолепно и незабываемо! Это восторг и это однозначно любовь 💘

Great place to stay with families

I would like to leave a five-star review for the Hilton Dubai The Walk.

These five stars are truly well deserved and they are especially thanks to Leonida from the café inside your hotel.

I came in feeling very tired during a short break from work, and Leonida immediately made me feel welcome and cared for. She kindly offered me tea and gave me a choice of four different options. I chose jasmine tea, and she thoughtfully suggested having it with honey instead of sugar. That small recommendation made a big difference the jasmine tea with honey was perfect.

When I asked her about the cookies, she explained that one option was sweeter while the other was not as sweet. She advised me to choose the sweeter one if I wanted something richer and I did. It was exactly what I needed at that moment.

I had already paid my bill, but I made sure to leave her a tip afterward because she absolutely deserved it. Leonida is a true professional. Her attention to detail, kindness, and warm attitude turned my short break into a genuinely pleasant experience and made my day much better.

Thank you, Hilton, for having such wonderful staff. These five stars are well earned thanks to Leonida.

Hotela ondo dago baina check in egiterako garaian erreserba egin zuena ez zenez etorri, berriro kobratu ziguten erreserba. Eta gainera fidantza ere bai. Lotsagarria. Espero dirua bueltan ematea. Denuntziatu egingo dugu

Great hotel. Location is the best. A minute walk to a beautiful beach with clear water. The Observation Wheel is nearby, and the metro takes you directly to Dubai Mall and other places. The hotel is cozy, and the rooms are spacious.

The service is excellent! The staff is very helpful and friendly, especially the concierge Mani. He helped with our luggage and was very responsive.
The rooms are well-maintained. The staff is not arrogant, and they are great people!

Thank you!

Amazing beach great crew especially Stephen ! Nice vibes

فندق جميل جدا خدمة العملاء ممتازه و جودة طعام العشاء ممتازة
هناك مواقف للسيارات و مدخل مميز

I’m very satisfied with the room service. Everything was excellent, thank you Hmway

Great staff

I stayed here while attending the WHX event, and the location is excellent. The hotel staff (Karim Badawy) take great care of their guests and make a real effort to ensure a comfortable stay. The sea view is amazing; however, the rooms feel a bit old-fashioned.

Highly recommend for families or couples looking for a relaxed and family friendly beachside hotel. Very convenient location close to Jumeira beach and the walk. Nice restaurants inside serving high quality food.

Samad mani was very nice

كانت الاقامه جدا مميزه اشكر كنزي وساره من الاستقبال و محمد صيام في خدمه الامتعه على تعاونهم
بالتوفيق

Just Perfect, from the reception guy name Ghazali who is super , passing by every step during my stay tell checking out. I remember madhab the concierge guy is amazing , smily friendly nipal sporit. Also emelton was super funny and cooperative . I loved everyone in this hotel Lovely corner unit Room where I can see the marina & the waterfront which is astonishing. Location is wonderful next to JBR so all amenities around. Hanging out is fun.

Wonderful stay good service from Mani, Samad and Tejman

The view, the firework, the drone show at night. Most of all the people are beautful and nice. Especially, Rohit was great helpful at the pool!

The environment is fantastic, 1mins walk to the bench with lots of restaurants nearby.
I love how friendly the staff are. In particular I was impressed by the concierge, who has been extremely helpful and supportive during my stay. A big shout out to Sayhem, Adnan and Temi.
Will definitely come back next time.

Great hotel in a great location, the staff were so kind and helpful. Sayeem, Daphene and Margaret thank you so much for your kindness and hospitality I cant wait to visit again.

The location was great and the staff incredibly helpful - zahid in particular took excellent care of us and nothing was too much trouble.

Everything was perfect, everyone would greet you with a smile. Adnan was the first smile we came across. Took our suitcases and had them taken to the room. Every day onwards whenever we came out the lifts he would be there with a smile. Every single staff member was professional and smiley.

Thanks Steven and Charity for perfect stay.

I have to say Rohit was a pleasure to be around th pool with he was attentive to my girls while they were in the pool has great conversation with him about his home country and man the guy has a smile that would brighten up the room!

Great Vacation & Family friendly destination hotel. Professional staff, special thanks to Mr. Emad from the concierge and Mr. Andrew from the reception team for their hospitality and professional services. The beach is amazing and weather was great at that time of the year.

Отлчное месторасположение, прекрасный персогнал, Ухоженный отель как внутри так и снаружи.

I really liked this hotel! We had breakfast+dinner, themed dinners every evening, everything was delicious. The hotel is located on the first coastline, where there are a lot of sunbeds and you don't have to run and look for free. The staff will meet you on the beach, lay a towel, put an umbrella. There are also several swimming pools, one of which is 16+, which is convenient for people who relax without children. All the staff is very polite, special thanks to Adnan for helping us with our eviction! We will definitely come back again!

Прекрасный отель! Местоположение, питание, сервис - все на высшем уровне. Доброжелательный персонал всегда поможет и подскажет, румсервис каждый день (даже удалось устроить битву животных из полотенец! Janaka❤️ you are crazy ❤️😁)
Разнообразное питание, включая безглютеновые десерты и детокс соки!
Приехали рано утром, несмотря на то, что заселение начинается с 14:00, нам сразу выдали ключи и сделали комплимент от отеля (обед/ужин на выбор в течение всего отдыха)
Всегда есть свободные лежаки у бассейнов, очень удобно, что для семей с детками есть отдельный бассейн. Самые большие и удобные полотенца, которые закрывают весь лежак!
Остались в восторге! Большое спасибо❤️🙏

Excellent service from all the staff especially Salman and his team at the pool services and also the staff in the Executive lounge. Very attentive and helpful,would definitely return. 😎

Very nice Location.
All the team was very friendly and helpful,  especially Adnas.

Today, we spent some wonderful hours at this hotel, and Rohit is the best employee here.

Rohit life guard, its very kindness,  and very friendly.  I will back to this hotel because of he.

Really enjoyed the hotel and experience, staff members were really helpful, Sayhem was such great help and always welcoming

Padam greetings to you! Staff looked for safety during beach sessions and immediately stepped in when someone passed into the private beach area.

All of the staff in the restaurant are absolutely nice and played and held our baby busy, so we could eat in peace! (Greetings to the ladies from Myanmar)

09/10 vacation. Only part to be criticized is that you are not allowed to bring your own drinks and food to the beach.

Rohit Recreation, so nice person ! He knows his business, abd could help u with your problems.

Dan alla spiaggia è stato molto gentile e professionale ..

Herşey çok güzeldi özellikle kat hizmetleri ve restorant personeli çok güler yüzlü ve yardımseverlik konumu mükemmel çok teşekkürler

Нам очень понравился отель, все комфортно, чисто. Персонал очень вежливый, даже непривычно для русского человека. Особенная благодарность консьержу Adnan и ресепшен Tracy. Очень отзывчивые, помогают с любым вопросом.

Great service and an amazing beach and pool experience. Special thanks to Salman for his outstanding hospitality in the recreational area — truly made our visit memorable!

We visited the beach club at Jumeirah (we only came for lunch). Overall it was a nice experience — good food, friendly service, and a relaxed beach atmosphere.

The only downside was that we had read there would be a kids’ playground right next to the Beach Restaurant, but it wasn’t there (or at least we couldn’t find it). If you’re visiting with children specifically for that reason, it’s worth double-checking in advance.

Apart from that, everything was fine and we enjoyed our meal.

Esperienza stupenda, ci è stato consigliato dal nostro agente di viaggio e dobbiamo dire che ha superato ogni previsione. È situato in una zona vivace e divertente piena di ristoranti e locali c'è solo l'imbarazzo della scelta. Tutto è stato super!! la camera grande, comoda e pulita, la sua posizione in prima linea sulla spiaggia, le piscine i servizi in spiaggia, il bar aperto fino a tardi con musica e ottimi cocktails.
Ma soprattutto dobbiamo evidenziare la gentilezza e professionalità di tutto lo staff in particolare quelle della reception .

Speechless.
I am speechless.

I’ve never ever had such amazing full body massage, including hair and facial. I felt in another world and woke up, with no words. The exotic experience and care, and the lounge you are escorted too with a view over the ocean.

Thank you so much to the amazing therapist Mimi and the receptionist Kim and Donna. Such great team and experience. Def. coming back.

Thx to executive lounge team ! Ruslan, Erico April, Elen, Sain, EiEi were always very helpful

Dear Hilton Management,

My name is Saddam, I am a guest staying in Room 627.

I would like to express my sincere appreciation for one of your team members, Lakshan from the Recreation department, whose actions I personally witnessed at the pool area.

I saw a very serious situation where a two-year-old child overturned in the children’s pool, and the parents did not notice immediately. Lakshan noticed the danger instantly and intervened without hesitation. His professionalism, attentiveness, and calm response quite literally prevented a tragic outcome.

What impressed me most was not only the speed of his reaction, but his constant awareness of what was happening around the pool. This gave me real confidence that children are truly safe at your hotel. Based on what I personally witnessed, I know that I can confidently return to your hotel with my own children.

Please pass my gratitude and respect to Lakshan. Employees like him are a true asset to Hilton and deserve recognition.

Thank you for maintaining such high safety standards.

Kind regards,
Saddam
Room 627

Top Qualität! Waren schon öfters hier und es ist von Jahr zu Jahr schöner 🥳🥳

Hassan & Salman Top guys🥳🥳

Stayed at Hilton Jumeirah Dubai for a business ceremony and had a fantastic experience. The views were stunning, the food was excellent, and the overall stay was very comfortable and well-managed.
The atmosphere perfectly balanced business and leisure, making it an enjoyable and relaxing experience. Truly loved my stay and would be happy to return.

O hotel é incrível, excelente localização, pé na areia, perto de restaurantes, bares e lojas, com uma vista incrível do mar e de frente para a roda gigante. Os quartos são excelentes, confortáveis e extremante silenciosos, o meu tinha vista pra rua e não se escuta um barulho pois os vidros da porta da varanda são duplos, mostra o cuidado que tiveram na construção. O atendimento também foi ótimo, todos os funcionários prestativos e educados. A comida é um show à parte, o café da manhã incrível em termos de qualidade e quantidade. Com certeza, se eu voltar para Dubai, ficarei hospedado novamente neste hotel.

Wir waren zum 2. Mal in diesem Hotel und es war wieder sehr schön. 2023 waren wir im "The Walk" untergebracht und daher wussten wir schon etwas Bescheid, wie man die verschiedenen Restaurants nutzen kann. Das war ein Vorteil, da es im Ocean Kitchen oft viel zu laut mit der Musik dort beim Essen war und wir lieber drüben im kleinen  Buffet- Restaurant waren.  Der schöne Garten zum Strand runter ist leider den vielen  neuen Liegen zum Opfer gefallen, aber der Bedarf wird wohl sehr hoch sein. Der neue Pool ist aber sehr schön geworden und der Pool im Nachbarhaus wird sicherlich auch bald  renoviert sein. Der Service war wieder sehr gut und wir konnten unseren Urlaub genießen. Danke auch für die nette Geburtstagsüberraschung.

Hilton Jumeirah Hotel offers a fantastic location with stunning views of Ain Dubai, Dubai Marina, and the beautiful beachfront.

Although I didn’t stay at the hotel, I visited the property and was truly impressed by the elegant, calm, and welcoming reception area. The atmosphere feels luxurious yet very relaxing.
The hotel also features a variety of beachfront restaurants, making it a perfect place to enjoy great food while taking in the sea views.
Overall, it’s a wonderful spot to relax, enjoy the scenery, and spend quality time by the beach.

Hassan lifeguard super nice! And good n guest thank you hassan

Rahith Recreation was very kind, good and friendly

I must mention about very friendly nd helpful behaviour of Ms. Juliana on the front dest. She is an amazing host nd nice human being.  She helped us out of the way to find out our  bag, having our passports, left in out taxi which dropped us in hotel.
Thank you,  *Juliana* ..

Hassan спасибо за заботу, помощь. Внимательное отношение к отдыхающим

Everything here is just perfekt. The Service, the rooms and all workers are so nice to everyone. Hassan the lifeguard is so nice and helpful and does his work just perfekt. Thank you for everything!

Stephen (recreation) always so pleasant and and here to make your stay as comfortable as
Possible. Such a lovely young man. So helpful and always with a smile.

Excellent staff Vougie Lydia
Thanks for your friendly service

Hassan is so friendly at beach I like hassan service

Hassan lifeguard at adult pool is so smiles and friendly with the gusset

Hassan lifeguard is so friendly with guests and hard working think you

Hassan lifeguard is so helpful n the swimming pool and every friendly

Всё очень классно, работник Hassan очень вежлив и отзывчивый. Всем советую этот отель! Очень удобное местоположение

👍hassan lifeguard is good and experience👍

Hotel very nice and staff also 🙂
Annan Sayhem very helpful

The stay was amazing and the hotel staff was great Temi, Mani, Sayhem, Emelton were kind and helpful.

Just an amazing resort ...... That's it ! Great

Всем здравствуйте! Заехали в отель с опозданием, в виду задержки самолёта. Вместо вечера 26.01.2026, прибыли в отель утром 27.01.2026. На ресепшн попросили заселить без задержек, но администратор у стойки настоятельно просила поменять наш номер, на номер уровнем выше. После продолжительного общения всё таки заселили. На второй день пребывания в отеле, закончился шампунь, ждали два дня в надежде. Пришлось подойти на стойку и попросить шампунь. Ну и в завершение для 5*, чистота в номере должна быть на 5, а не на 3. Думаю на этом остановлюсь. Спасибо.

Mega tolle Lage - schon etwas in die Jahre gekommen aber an sich - TOP.

Went to Vila Verona for brunch.
Good experience nice service thanks to joanita

Great experience at Claw. The food was tasty and the portions were generous. The service was excellent—special thanks to Ms. Cynthia for the warm welcome. Overall, a very good experience.

Enjoyed a great staycation at this hotel. People who know JBR know the traffic is heavy in the evening so it didn’t bother me too much. The staff were brilliant from the valet, restaurant staff and cleaners. Was a brief power cut on the last evening of our stay but was quickly rectified and compensation was offered on check out.

Amazing place to stay.. big shout out to all the staff who were amazing.  Shout out to Adnan for helping us out, top guy.  Definitely worth staying here, amazing location and all the staff were wonderful.

I had a wonderful 3-day stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah, and the guest service truly exceeded my expectations. The hotel’s private beach access and well-maintained pool area made the stay even more relaxing and enjoyable.

I was celebrating my birthday during this trip, and the housekeeping team went above and beyond to make it unforgettable. I was surprised with two beautifully prepared birthday cakes and a thoughtfully decorated room with lovely birthday décor arranged by housekeeping. On the day of checkout, I received a third “See You Soon” cake, which was such a touching and memorable gesture.

Exceptional service, attention to detail, and genuine care for guests truly set this hotel apart. A heartfelt thank you to the entire Hilton Dubai Jumeirah team for making my stay so special. I look forward to returning soon.

Brilliant stay as always, Sayhem from the concierge team was particularly excellent. Looking forward to staying again. Thank you!

Nous avons été au Spa du Hilton Dubaï Jumeirah pour un massage en couple. C’était magique!
Les installations sont superbes, reposantes et très luxueuses.
A l’accueil, Kim a été parfaite, souriante et très agréable. Swati et Mimi sont des masseuses incroyables.
Un vrai moment de relaxation que nous referons sans hésiter.

Very nice location,service, facilities in a 5 star hotel but expensive (£12 beers etc).

i can say from my experience with the cleaners that janaka housekeeping is the best, he cleans the best and a very kind man. thanks to him, our experience in this hotel was amazing. thank you Janaka

tejman ,mobhad ve emıl concierge alanında çok ilgiliylerdi çok yargımcı oldular her şey için teşekkürler

Thanks for the staff in spa. Swathi is the best therapist. She saved me, stop my back pain and headache. The receptionists Donna an Kim are nice and kind. See you my next appointment.

Wir waren hier zur Massage. Alles super schön und sauber.
Die Damen an der Rezeption Donna und Kim haben uns sehr freundlich empfangen. Ein eingespieltes Team.
Und die Masseurinnen Melody und Aye kann ich nur weiterempfehlen. Unsere Vorstellungen wurden übertroffen. Danke wir kommen wieder.

Excellent

The hotel was fantastic! The view was superb ! The pool was clean and staying there made an unforgettable experience for us !

High praise for its professional staff, relaxing atmosphere, and quality treatments.
I wanted to give a special shout-out to Ms. Melody. I had the best full-body massage with her. I feel so relaxed; I feel like I'm floating on air. My whole body just feels lighter. Ms. Melody was amazing, providing great service. Such a lovely and kind person, thank you! For Beautiful, welcoming Ms.Swati and Ms.Donna. Thank you so much make sure I will come back again.❤️❤️❤️

Special thanks to Bertrand, the engineer, who made sure my room was safe, especially considering I had kids with me. He was very quick to respond to my request, and I truly appreciate his support thanks you betrand.

Es hat mir sehr gut gefallen ich komme wieder und die netteste Servicekraft ist Glenda

I had a great stay and a special shout out to Adnan for being extremely helpful with our luggage and prompt assistance!

Excellent treatment in the Hilton concierge, that assist me. Especially Enzo  intern , adnan and madhab.. great job guys !

Best Location for JBR , Service for room cleaning and foods are very good.

Yani Damak Tadı olarak çok bize uymuyor Otel'in konumu çalışanlar çok iyi

Hilton Dubai The Walk & Hilton Dubai Jumeirah is the best place to stay in Dubai

Impeccable service. What a lovely stay. Would definitely return.

Pool is nice Dan was helpful.

Despite being a Hilton Honors member, I faced multiple issues during check-in. After arriving from the airport, I was given a room different from what I had booked. When I got to the room, I was surprised to find it was not a king bed as reserved, but two separate beds. I tried calling the front desk, but no one answered. Exhausted from traveling, I went back down to reception, and they apologized, saying they had no room available matching my booking. Frankly, in serviced apartments or professionally managed properties, when this happens the guest is usually upgraded—not downgraded.

And that wasn’t the only problem.

I accepted the room temporarily because I was completely exhausted. When I used the bathroom, water started leaking everywhere. I called again—this time they answered—and I explained that the situation was unacceptable, as the water spread throughout the room due to very poor plumbing quality.

After that, I was moved to another room that matched my original booking—despite being told just five minutes earlier that it wasn’t available. They apologized for this disaster and the lack of professionalism by offering breakfast, which I neither wanted nor could use since I don’t wake up in time for it.

Other observations: for a five-star hotel, the “cost-cutting” approach is extremely disappointing. If you need basic amenities (ear plugs, a toothbrush, or any essential item), you are told to call—but when you call, no one answers.

Also, the bottled water is served in glass bottles that appear to be refilled for “environmental reasons.” If sustainability is truly the goal, then provide sealed water from a recognized brand (e.g., Nova, Berain, etc.), not reused bottles.

Rosa Marie contacted me and asked about my experience. I explained what happened, but I never received any follow-up.

Compared to my previous stays with Hilton, this was by far the worst experience.

The breakfast options were limited. The Indian breakfast was very disappointing for me ,there were no condiments to go with the meals. The breakfast overall was mediocre.
The service was excellent the waiters and chefs were very good.
The water pressure in the bathroom was terrible I will not go back just because of this reason.

The location was great , room was good enough and the bed comfortable , what I don’t like only the room service , we called them to ask about many things without and action .

Ich war vor kurzem da. Das Hotel ist perfekt und sehr freundliches Personal, alles wie es sein soll. Schöne grüße an Glenda von Service ein Lob an Mani sehr hilfsbereit. Ganz besonders an Lydia von der Rezeption. Komme wieder ******

Очень понравилось пребывание в отеле. Питались Завтрак+ужин, по утрам из напитков были соки, кофе и смузи, вечером из бесплатного только вода. Но мы брали фрукты, поэтому водой даже особо и не пользовались. Каждый вечер тематические ужины, всё супер качественно и вкусно. По пляжу тоже претензий нет. Тебя встретят, найдут тебе лежак, постелят полотенце, поставят зонтик. В январе вода все-таки прохладная, но зайти можно. Весь персонал очень вежливый, особая благодарность Dev за уборку в номере и консьержу Mani и Adnan за помощь с нашим багажом до и после выселения! Обязательно вернёмся ещё раз!

Special thank you to the entire valet team (Ramadas in particular for being so pleasant and engaging with my newborn) and Lea (housekeeping team) for her wonderful towel creations :)

Best location in Dubai: great night walks, clean beach and fantastic restaurants all around.

We really enjoyed our stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. The service from all the staff was fantastic. Housekeeping service is amazing.
The rooms are very well equipped, modern and clean.
Located right in the middle of the walk it is in walking distance to a lot of restaurants and shops right at the door step. We were even able to watch the fireworks and the drone shows right from our room balcony, which was great.
The pool is large and warm, there is also a dedicated pool for adults.
The hotel has private beach access to the Jumeirah beach with own lounge chairs and beach towels provided.
Overall great experience and we would definitely consider staying here again.

Very clean, great staff and views from the room. Very elegant and wouldnt wish for anything better. Extremely close to all jumira beach, activities, and restaurants

Hotellet har en fin beliggenhet på JBR Beach og egen plass på stranden, noe som i utgangspunktet er et pluss. Vi var her kun på dagsbesøk, og det holdt mer enn nok for vår del.
Fasilitetene oppleves dessverre ikke som optimale, særlig for barnefamilier. Vi er en familie på fire (to voksne og to barn på 10 og 7 år), og hadde vi bodd her over flere dager, ville vi blitt skuffet.
Hovedbassenget er veldig lite og ligger stort sett i skygge, mens bassenget som har sol hele dagen er aldersbegrenset til 16 år. Dette gir en tydelig forskjellsbehandling som trekker ned for familier med barn.
På stranden ligger solsengene ekstremt tett, noe som gir en følelse av et typisk charterhotell i Spania – ikke den avslappede og eksklusive opplevelsen vi foretrekker.
Alt i alt greit for et kort besøk, men ikke et hotell vi ville valgt for familieferie.

PS: veldig god mat og service på det Wavebraker

Best service thanks to Enzo ,Emad and Madhab for the excellent service best hotel in Dubai must stay.

Рекомендую. Сервис и кухня отличные.

I spent about five nights at the hotel. Everybody was very polite and helpful. Valet team, especially Ramadas was Great. Thanks for your help.

The hotel itself is good, and the staff are polite and friendly. However, the room cleaning could be much better. The floors were dirty, and the carpets were not vacuumed. Only the bed linen and towels were changed. This was disappointing.

We also faced an unpleasant situation when someone put towels into our bags. Thankfully, we noticed this in time.

On a positive note, the staff near the bar were wonderful, and the administrators were very polite. We would especially like to mention Radam Receration the staff member near the pool — he was excellent!!! ☺️

جيد

Good service from every staff , Specially mentioned Mr. Shibu Mohan

This Hotel is not a 5 star hotel.
It is outdated and not to the standard of Dubai's 5 stars hotels experience.

I’ve stayed at this hotel twice for business — once in 2014 and again in 2019. For work trips, it was fine, mainly because the location is excellent, right in the heart of Jumeirah where everything is happening.
That said, it’s not a place I would ever choose for pleasure, beauty, or a luxury experience. The hotel feels quite old-fashioned, from the room style to the overall layout, and it doesn’t give that refined or modern luxury feeling that many travelers look for in Dubai.
Good for convenience and business stays — but not for those seeking elegance or a true luxury atmosphere.

Hilton exceeded my expectations for my visit this time.
The facility was very well maintained, great views of the beach and The Walk.
Food was good, staff were courteous and helpful.
I have been there for the year end week and there was great crowd of visitors at the hotel, but the hotel and the staff handled it very well, though at the morning breakfast, it got quiet busy for some days.

We had a wonderful stay at Hilton JBR, and a big part of that was thanks to Margaret’s exceptional customer service during breakfast. She was incredibly warm, attentive, and genuinely welcoming every morning, which made the experience feel personal and memorable. Margaret went above and beyond to ensure everything was perfect, always with a smile and a positive attitude. Her hospitality truly stood out and reflects very well on the hotel. Thank you, Margaret, for making our mornings such a pleasure.

เข้าพักช่วงก่อน เคาท์ดาวน์ทางโรงแรมใส่ใจดีมากนั่งดูพลุตรงระเบียงหรือจะหน้าชายหาด

An absolute fantastic stay with Hilton, everything was perfect from start to finish, staff were always ever so polite and friendly could not fault them. We had selected the half board option so there was always plenty to eat throughout the day from breakfast, tea, happy hour and dinner. Lydia front of house was really helpful including Adnan, El El in catering and the lady who provided house keeping for us as well, but couldn’t list them all and thank them enough. We even had an anniversary cake provided which was ever so thoughtful but honestly well done to the team and I am positive you will continue in making everyone’s stay here perfect just like ours was.

Uniquement plage privée …
Un peu d’ombre en décembre dû aux bâtiments derrières

Отличный отель для комфортного отдыха. Профессиональный и доброжелательный персонал. Приятно удивлен быстрому решению всех обращений по бронированию номера в службе бронирования. Второй раз отдыхал в данном отеле, выполненна реновация номеров, прекрасный выбор на завтрак, бассейн с теплой водой, отлично оборудованная зона пляжа. Отдельно спасибо команде официантов Executive lounge - Ruslan, Sain, April, Ellen, Erico, EiEi за создание «домашнего» комфорта, высокий уровень обслуживания и учет всех личных предпочтений.

Margaret from breakfast was amazing really helpful and exceptional service.
Looking forward to staying at this hotel again.

We had a wonderful stay at this hotel and can truly recommend it from the bottom of our hearts. The hotel is absolutely beautiful, very well maintained, and has a fantastic atmosphere where you immediately feel comfortable and relaxed.

The food was excellent – a great variety, always fresh, delicious, and beautifully presented. There was something for everyone, including children.

We would especially like to highlight the outstanding service. The entire team was always friendly, attentive, and helpful. A very special thank you goes to Margaret – she is an incredibly kind, dedicated, and amazing person who made our stay even more special.

Our children also had a fantastic time. There were many opportunities for them to play, and everything was very family-friendly, allowing us to fully enjoy our time together.

Thank you for this unforgettable experience – we would love to come back!

Ohne Kommentar: Alles war perfekt. Von dort aus konnte man überall erkunden. Sehr guter Standort. Café, Bars, Restaurants, Strand und Mall, alles in der Nähe.

The housekeeping staff was outstanding and our man Samad in concierge was top notch!

Our 2nd stay in this hotel and was great. We had free access to executive lounge where were good breakfast with super view on beach. Our room had great views on all sides...to beach location and on The walk street. All the staff were extremely helpful, and I would especially like to thank Mr. Janaka, who took care of our housekeeping....His work was extraordinary!!!
I have only one issue regarding my stay at the Hilton hotel. I paid extra for a room with 2 double beds and 2 balconies; both were clearly mentioned in the description and shown in the pictures in the APP. When we arrived at 2 am, we found out that our room had only one double bed and no balcony. At the reception, I was told that the pictures are 'universal' for many rooms, but I received no explanation as to why the written description was also incorrect. In the end, we were provided with an extra bed and a sofa bed, and because the view was superb, we accepted it. However, as a family of four, I would expect better logic and for the room to be properly prepared for 4 people. I would at least expect some compensation in the form of Hilton Honors points but was not offered anything.

Perfect hotel for the beach and being in the middle of everything - The Walk is the Main Street for shopping, activities and restaurants. The beach walk is stunning with a great view of the wheel and other hotels.. made the right choice for the Jumeirah Beach area 100%.

Staff are friendly, got an early check in for midday after landing early and plenty of beds beside the pool. Beach is sandy and very close - nothing to say except we love it!

I had a fantastic stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. The rooms were very clean, the location is excellent, and the overall atmosphere of the hotel is wonderful.

The staff truly stand out. My Hilton Diamond status was recognized upon arrival, I was upgraded to a suite, and I was also granted a late check-out, which made my stay even more enjoyable.

The food was great with good variety and quality.

Special thanks to Mr. Amr Yassen (Duty Manager) and Ms. Clydia (Front Desk) for their outstanding service, professionalism, and attention to detail. They made the stay memorable.

Highly recommended—I will definitely be back

otelin konumu harika, fiyat performans olarak tam puan alır. tavsiye ederim.

Very comfortable

Sehr schönes Hotel mit herausragendem Frühstück

Thank you for a pleasant stay and the kind, helpful staff. Thank you, Olim for the birthday surprise. We will be happy to come back again.

Esperienza disastrosa e inaccettabile, soprattutto considerando il prezzo pagato. Questo è senza dubbio il peggior Hilton in cui abbiamo mai soggiornato.
Viaggiavamo con un bambino di 2 anni e il soggiorno si è trasformato in un incubo. Durante la notte siamo stati costantemente svegliati da rumori forti di acqua che scorreva in tubi a vista, presenti nella struttura, oltre che dagli schiamazzi di un’altra famiglia nella stanza accanto, chiaramente udibili a causa di un isolamento acustico praticamente inesistente.
Il risultato? Notti insonni, stress totale e zero riposo, l’esatto opposto di ciò che un hotel dovrebbe garantire, soprattutto a famiglie con bambini piccoli. Le camere sono anguste, mal illuminate e mal progettate e totalmente inadatte a ospitare una famiglia, figuriamoci una struttura che si vende come hotel di livello internazionale.
È vergognoso chiedere cifre così alte per un servizio così scadente. Nessuna attenzione al comfort, nessuna cura per il silenzio notturno, nessun rispetto per gli ospiti. Il nome Hilton qui sembra solo uno specchietto per le allodole.
Esperienza da dimenticare. Assolutamente sconsigliato, in particolare a chi viaggia con bambini. Mai più.
Come omaggio al disastro una busta firmata hilton da 1€.

Super hotel 👍

My overall evaluation of the hotel is that, at this price level, it is a property with mediocre features.

Room: Twin queen, partial sea view. The best aspects of the hotel were the room size and comfort. Having a balcony was enjoyable. In addition, the housekeeping service was one of the strongest and most professional teams in the hotel. I stayed on the 4th floor.

Breakfast: Extremely mediocre and ordinary. During my 6-day stay,ziger fresh bread even once. The open-buffet layout was also poorly planned. The tables placed right next to the waffle and pancake station—the busiest area—made movement almost impossible. The practice of hotel staff assigning tables at breakfast increased the number of people waiting in line and provided no real efficiency. Considering the amount I paid, being subjected to what felt like a military canteen-style operation was extremely unpleasant.

Beach: Being located on JBR Beach was nice. However, the sunbed layout in the hotel’s beach area was very poor. The loungers were placed so tightly together that getting in and out was almost impossible. The beach bar service and overall offering were average, yet the prices were at the same level as venues that provide a much more premium experience.

Hilton App: The Hilton app allows online check-in before arrival and helps you reserve a room based on the purchased room type and available floors. However, despite selecting my room number and floor via the app, upon arrival at the hotel I was informed that the room was not available and that I needed to choose a room on a different floor.

We had a lovely stay! The staff was very attentive, especially our room attendant Janaka. So much attention was paid to our every need. The hotel it’s self is beautiful and so well located. We loved the pools and beach.  Everything was pristine. Hoping to make it back one day! Shukran Hilton JBR Staff!

We had the christmas brunch in Oceana yesterday, it was a lovely experience, we liked the drinks, the helpful and very friendly staff especially Irshad ! He serviced us really well 🙏🏻🙏🏻 thank you for the awesome service and day Irshad !!

ممتاز جدا

Thank you Aye and Mel!

Very good stay at Hilton the walk . Staff are superb

Sensational hotel and another credit to hilton resorts. Accommodated an early check-in as our flight landed in the morning, put on a spectacular NYE celebration on the beach and great room with a view of the Ain. Special recognition for Concierge Mani - warm, friendly and always helpful!

This was an excellent hotel with a very excellent location. Be aware this area of jbr Beach is extremely extremely congested so traveling places takes some time. The hotel was great. The location was great. Lots of restaurants and stuff to do walking around near the walk near by the hotel. The staff was excellent and always with a smile on their face.

Thank you Shila & Sodik for your hospitality. you guys have went ahead to create that special wow moment for us . Really appreciate it

To be on holiday is a privilege. So when enjoying such a lovely hotel and people you have to pay attention to the people who go out of their way to do more !

This morning we had breakfast at the Hilton and my family was served by Shila , Tharindu and Magie. Each of them made sure that we had a smile , coffee in hand and amazing food on our table. They came often to check how everything was and were very polite. I look forwards to coming back.

The breakfast was amazing and more than that the people made this memory of ours extra ordinary !!!

Thank you so much !!

Make sure you book at the Hilton because this is an experience you need to feel and see for yourself wowww .

дуже класне місце для відпочинку, гарний сервіс, номери. mani concierge дуже гарно виконує свою роботу.

الفندق جميل جدا موقع واطلاله

We stayed at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah from December 27 to January 3 and celebrated the New Year there. We were very disappointed that there was no separate room for a child.

Our sincere gratitude to Mr. Mani, Concierge, for his polite manner and excellent service. He helped us with our luggage and arranged it perfectly for us ❤️

We would also like to thank our cleaner, Ms. Padma ❤️❤️❤️ She cleaned our room thoroughly, took all our requests into account, and brought everything we needed promptly. We were happy to leave her tips.

We also thank Ms. Melanie from Oceana Kitchen for the excellent organization of our meals and table arrangements. We were very sorry that the waiter Arnold, who provided outstanding service during our stay in March 2025, was not working this time. Unfortunately, we forgot to leave a review about his wonderful work back then 🫶🏻

In our opinion, the waitress named Diona should behave more conservatively and avoid wearing very short skirts, as the hotel has a reputation for being a family-friendly hotel for couples with children.

On January 1st and 2nd, the water in the swimming pool was cold, and we were unable to swim with our child ☹️

Overall, the holiday was excellent. Thank you, Hilton 😘

le point positif emplacement et le service voiturerier Était top Mr Vinod très polis et professionnel les chambres étaient bien sans plus pour un 5 étoiles. la grande déception c’est le bruit des travaux toute la journée impossible de se relaxer à la piscine c’était infernal lorsque on as réservé personne nous avait dit qu’il y’avait de travaux collé à l’hôtel une expérience très désagréable dommage ce manque et aucun geste de la part de la direction

Mosharof een hele aardige behulpzame hotel medewerker

Mosharof help us very good , good service. Thanks

Recommended

يستاهل زيارة ثانية

Sono in vacanza con la mia famiglia in questo albergo, in questa settimana siamo stati benissimo, ottima posizione. Le camere spaziose e pulite grazie al ragazzo di nome Janaka che ha soddisfatto ogni nostra aspettativa. Molto ordinato e pulito.
L'albergo offre di uno spazio sulla spiaggia. Unico appunto che devo fare è sul buffet molto ripetitivo. Per il resto tutto ok. Grazie di tutto

Vielfältiges und hervorragendes Essen, ausgezeichnetes Frühstücksbüffet, phantastisches Abendessen. Der Chefpatissier Pasindu und der Patissier Irshad sind Ware Künstler, die uns jeden Tag mit Ihren Kreationen auf Sterneniveau verführten. Der Chefkoch Hytem von Oceana Kitchen ist ein Meister seines Fachs, alles war ausgezeichnet abgeschmeckt. Im Service müssen wir besonders NAW und ZIN LIN loben und uns für ihre unermüdliche und aufmerksame Dienstbarkeit bedanken. Vielen Dank ihnen beiden. Und wir möchten uns auch bei allen nichtgenannten Mitarbeitern beim Zimmerservice, Rezeption, Beachservice, Loungeservice und Carservice bedanken. Ein tolles internationales Team. Tausend 🙏

Beautiful place to visit

Too much traffic

Stayed in the hotel during New year holiday season. Sunbeds are located very close to each other on the beach, which is not nice as you lay down close to other people.  We had bad situation with umbrellas on the beach. We (Mother with 2 kids) wanted to be in shadow, another man with his family wanted to be under sun, thus this man came later and closed our  umbrella. Beach service came but wasn’t helpful to solve argument and just took side of man rather than ours. Why hotel can’t solve this situation and move those who want to be under sun on one side of the beach and those who want to be under shadow on another side of the beach? Regarding New Year event, if you don’t buy ticket for the party which is arranged by hotel, you’re not allowed to enter the beach of hotel and enjoy fireworks. Also if you want to come later after fireworks and take  pictures at the beach of hotel during New Year night, it’ll not be possible. We returned to hotel after celebrating New Year after 1 am and wanted to go to beach to take pictures with lightening yachts and amenities during New Year night, but  as there was party at that time in hotel, it wasn’t possible to enter beach if you don’t buy ticket to party. The only option would be to go to nearby beaches or public beach which are usually crowded during New Year night.  Overall, our feeling about staying in this hotel is not very nice.

The location was prime being able to to reach our dessired within walking distance and also having a beautiful view of the beach.The service was extremely exliplicite and the room service was superb. The room were super nice being able to have a couch that unfolded into a bed and the room being extremely spacious with a bathroom equipped with a bathtub and multiple accessories for self care. A particularly thanks to Sain for giving us extremely good service.

Janaka is a fantastic housekeeper! He is very fast, thourough and has a great eye for detail. I really was so impressed that he took the initiative to refill everything in the bathroom. Its rare to find someone so attentive and efficient. Highly recommended! I give mr Janaka 5 stars

Five star service - thanks Mani :)

Thanks to all staff specially housekeeping

위치 매우좋은만큼 시티방면이면 야간에 매우 시끄넙고 인공 빛이 24시간 들어옴
수압이 매우약하고 물에서 약품 냄새가심함

Wij hebben een zeer prettig verblijf gehad in dit hotel. Vanaf het moment van aankomst viel op hoe luxe en uitzonderlijk schoon het hotel is; alles is tot in de puntjes verzorgd.

Het personeel verdient een groot compliment. Iedereen is ontzettend vriendelijk, behulpzaam en professioneel, wat het verblijf extra aangenaam maakt. Wij verbleven in het hotel tijdens de kerstperiode en ook toen was alles uitstekend geregeld, met een prettige en rustige sfeer.

Het handdoekenbeleid van het hotel is een zeer goede en doordachte maatregel. Het voorkomt het bekende ‘handdoekje leggen’ en het personeel ziet hier ook actief en consequent op toe wanneer gasten zich hier toch niet aan houden. Dit draagt duidelijk bij aan een ontspannen ervaring bij het zwembad.

Een absoluut pluspunt is het adults-only zwembad, naast het grotere algemene zwembad. Dit is ideaal voor volwassenen die echt voor rust en ontspanning komen. Tot onze verbazing probeerden sommige gasten toch met kinderen bij dit zwembad te verblijven, onder het mom van een uitzondering. Gelukkig trad het personeel hier consequent en correct tegen op en werden er, zoals het hoort, geen uitzonderingen gemaakt op deze regel.

Daarnaast ligt het hotel op korte afstand van een boulevard, wat erg fijn is voor een wandeling, restaurants en winkels in de directe omgeving.

Kortom: een luxe, goed georganiseerd hotel met vriendelijk personeel en duidelijke regels die ook daadwerkelijk worden nageleefd. Absoluut een aanrader.

Thank Padam Recreation for good service

Nous avons passé 4 jours en famille durant les fêtes de Noël. Et c’était juste au top. Pour commencer, l’hôtel est idéalement situé dans un quartier très animé, avec promenade le long de la mer, commerces, boutiques et restaurants. Ensuite, vous êtes à quelques minutes à pieds de la marina pour vous balader et 10-15 minutes à pied de la grande roue par le bord de mer. Pour aller à Burj Khalifa compter entre 30 à 50 minutes en taxi (selon l’heure à laquelle vous y aller). L’hôtel, était super bien décoré, l’accueil, la gentillesse de l’ensemble du personnel est à souligner, que ce soit à la réception, au restaurant, à la piscine, la plage ou dans les étages. Le restaurant Oceana offre un buffet très varié le matin et le soir et un buffet spécial Noël le 24 et le 25 décembre a été proposé par l’hôtel, dans une très belle ambiance. Nous avions également accès au lounge, situé au 9eme étage, qui nous donnait accès à un petit-déjeuner (en plus du buffet principal, plus calme), à un tea-time et « apéro-Time »! 2 piscines sont disponibles, une réservée + de 16 ans, l’autre pour tous. L’accès à la mer se fait directement de l’hôtel. Notre chambre avait vue sur la grande roue, la mer et la promenade.
Bref, nous avons été très content de séjourner dans cet Hilton!
Je vous le recommande vivement!

tutto perfetto, posizione top e servizi pure anche con la nostra bambina di 8 mesi . spiaggia comodissima e posizione centralissima solo un po’ di traffico se ci si vuole spostare per visitare.
Grazie a Mani il concierge

Beautiful place to visit!!!
This my second time visit in hilton dubai jumeira with my family last day 27th dec , around 8.30 pm the hotel seems they  done an excellent renovation & stylish interiors especially we feel enjoyed  trader vics delicious food service , valet supervisor n  team support in managing our car  handover quickly..
c u all next time …we enjoyed one of the best!!

Прекрасный отель и ресторан. Особенно впечатляют завтраки в Oceana Kitchen с разнообразными блюдами и превосходным обслуживанием персонала. Абдул делает наши завтраки восхитительными, встречает нас с теплой улыбкой, всегда подходит к нашему столику и вовремя подает то, что мы просим❤️

We had the most amazing stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. We booked the King Gulf Suite Sea View and the view was amazing!

We had unobstructed views of the Ferris Wheel at Ain Dubai as well as Palm Jumeirah and Palm Atlantis and could see the sea for miles.

It was surreal waking up to such a gorgeous view every morning. Night views were amazing as well with all the beautiful lights at JBR, Ain Dubai and Palm Jumeirah.

The team at the Front Desk were amazing especially Meryl. Meryl was so helpful in every aspect and on the last day, as our airport transport was late at night, she made sure that we were comfortable and well looked after even after checking out.

The team at the executive lounge (Sain, Ellen, April, Eiei, Ruslan and Erika) was amazing as well. They were always friendly and smiling and very helpful in all areas.

And Mosharof from the conceirge was extremely helpful and kind as well. He was always cheerful and smiling and always very helpful in whatever way possible.

All the staff made our stay so enjoyable.

My only wish was that we could stay longer in this amazing hotel.

We will definitely be back to stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah 😊

Merci à sain !! Au top quel service et quelle gentilesse

This hotel was fantastic with direct beach access, multiple pools and nearby lots of restaurants and cafes.
Staff were very efficient and friendly, in particular Lyssa in Oceana restaurant at the hotel.
We wish we were here for longer, will definitely be back!

روعة لكن البوفيه يحتاج تنوع اكثر

Delicious coffee and cakes! Big thanks to Hsu and Glenda for a lovely service!

Nice place

Fantastic place Marbar bartender Yoon was amazing chamali has nice smile,
Mr.Chatura give us warm welcome.
Thanks very much

We stopped at the Hilton JBR in Easter of 2025. We had the most amazing service. Staff were wonderful, patient and so attentive and couldn't do enough to help. Also Nawal, she checked us in, she was wonderful! She is a credit to the hotel and was so kind and patient with us when we checked in with our young children and even upgraded us. Thank you Hilton JBR [apartments] staff especially Nawal!

So I am updating my review because I came back again - same amazing experience honestly and the upgrade they did to the outside area was great. Great location. Great staff. Great service.
This time I tried the Spa and it was really good. Ida was my therapist and she was great.

Just want to thank Irshad for his attitude yesterday and how friendly he was to us, felt like he is a real bull too sorry to say 🩷🩷🤭

Great place!!! Very beautiful.
Friendly staff, and quick service.
I definitely recommend.

Thank you to Irshad for his service at Christmas lunch today. He looked after us and made the best espresso martini I have ever tasted. It was such a great dining experience in Oceana for Christmas lunch.

Too much good service

This is our yearly ritual of dining for Christmas..as always the variety of food is lovely  and the food is delicious. Our servers Shila and Abigail were lovely and very interactive. They kept coming to check if we needed anything and kept our toddler entertained. Overall the experience was great! Will continue to dine with Oceana every year for Christmas

We attended the Christmas Brunch and enjoyed every minute. Great atmosphere, great food and excellent service. Our waitress was Jackie and she very good, always made sure we where doing ok and kept the beverages flowing, so thankyou to Jackie. We will certainly be back again next year

Abigail Jael and shyla incredible service extremely sweet and served with a smile.

Nice hotel
Beautiful beach

Sono stato al Hilton Dubai Jumeirah nel vibrante quartiere di Jumeirah Beach Residence (JBR), proprio sulla famosa passeggiata The Walk, e per me è stata un’esperienza davvero piacevole e comoda. La posizione non potrebbe essere migliore: a due passi dalla spiaggia privata, circondato da negozi, bar e ristoranti, con vista diretta su mare e skyline moderno di Dubai Marina. La posizione è uno dei punti forti: si raggiunge facilmente la spiaggia privata, con lettini e ombrelloni puliti e il mare davanti è perfetto per fare una nuotata o rilassarsi guardando il tramonto. La struttura si trova proprio sul lungomare The Walk, perfetto per passeggiate, shopping e cocktail serali, e permette di esplorare tutta la zona a piedi senza troppi spostamenti. La camera in cui ho soggiornato era spaziosa, luminosa e confortevole, con tutti i servizi tipici di un Hilton: letti comodi, bagno ben fornito, pulizia impeccabile e vista mare/parziale sulla città. Anche il Wi-Fi gratuito e il comfort generale mi hanno soddisfatto. L’hotel offre piscine, spa e palestra di buon livello, e ha accesso diretto a molti ristoranti e bar vicini, così come a quelli collegati del resort gemello. La colazione è ricca e offre molte opzioni internazionali, ottima per cominciare la giornata prima di esplorare la città. Il personale è stato sempre cordiale, disponibile e professionale, pronto a dare indicazioni e consigli su attività e ristoranti locali. È un hotel di fascia alta ma non ultra-lussuoso come altri di Dubai, quindi il rapporto qualità-prezzo resta convincente. Per me il Hilton Dubai Jumeirah è una scelta eccellente se vuoi un soggiorno comodo, con accesso diretto alla spiaggia, posizione perfetta su The Walk e servizi ben organizzati, ideale sia per vacanze mare sia per esplorare Dubai con facilità.

Fantastic stay and facilities. Great location and highly recommended. Shout out to Janalca for excellent housekeeping!

What an amazing experience we had at villa Verona restaurant at hilton JBR.food was amazing, presentation exceeeding expectation and on top of that the team were very friendly and professional specially ZUN who was so lovely, kind and very attentive to our requests.
keep it up team well done.

J’ai passé un très bon séjour à l’hôtel. L’accueil et l’hospitalité étaient vraiment top, tout le personnel était gentil et attentionné. La nourriture était très bonne également.
Étant cœliaque (régime sans gluten), j’ai beaucoup apprécié l’attention portée à mon régime alimentaire. On m’a toujours proposé des alternatives et je me suis sentie très bien prise en charge. Mention spéciale à Juhi, du restaurant, qui a été super sympa et attentive.
Très bonne expérience !

Great stay at hilton jumeirah beach. On our last day Mani helped us get a ride to the airport while there was problems getting the ride on our own. Big shoutout to excellent hotel staff

Отдыхали в отеле почти две недели, посещали зону бизнес лаунжа, хотели бы поблагодарить сотрудников Ruslan, Sain, April, Elen, Ei Ei за отличное обслуживание! Также хочется сказать спасибо Khine из службы recreaition

Tracy went above and beyond for our family in every way. From the moment we connected, she was professional, kind, and incredibly attentive to our needs. Tracy’s communication was timely and clear, making sure we always felt informed and comfortable throughout the entire process.
Her expertise and warm personality truly set her apart we always felt like we were in excellent hands. Tracy treated us with respect, patience, and genuine care, which made all the difference. We couldn’t be happier with the service she provided and are so grateful for her dedication and hard work

Thank you again Tracy,
JERRALIZ RAMA

The concierge mani was fantastic, exceptional help and very friendly

Excellent location on beach, walking distance to a myriad of restaurants at JBR.Beach is great with guest parasols easily available with food and drinks service. Highly recommended.

Hello! We stayed at hilton dubai jumierah from 7th
to 13th of December. Firstly, a like to say thanks to the receptionist Ruhya. Very cute 🥰 Price quality ratio - 100%.
This is our 5th stay in Hilton (we lived in both buildings). There is no any difference. You can use facilities of both. The food is excellent. Beach and pools are amazing. The hotel was renovated. The room was cleaned everyday.  Zahid -housekeeper, thank you 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 He became our real friend, and gave some presents. We kindly appreciate it. Also I would like to say, that they cook the best eggs for breakfast. Cooker Alisa, thank you so much. And my most love - pancakes!!! Sithum, if you read this - you are the best. Hilton is best on Jumeirah. come and see!

Oda servisinden mutfak servisine kadar her şey çok güzeldi, en ince detayına kadar her şey düşünülmüş.

Konum olarak muhteşem bir otel.

המיקום מעולה

Standard Hilton nothing more nothing Less

Great stay at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. Excellent food and service. Many thanks to Abdul, Lyssa, Shune, Aldo, Naya at Oceana and the rest of the team!

Tatilimiz için tercih ettiğimiz otelimiz. Bu kadar merkezi ve güzel bir konumda olduğunu bilmiyorduk. Çok temizdi, çalışanlar çok ilgiliydi, kahvaltısı çeşitli ve güzeldi. Geldiğimizde bizi karşılayan ve çıkış yaptığımız gün uçak saatimize kadar valizlerimizi muhafaza eden Mosharof beye çok teşekkür ederiz.

One of the best Hilton hotels I’ve been. Outstanding service all around from all the staff members. Breakfast was great. Room was clean with a great view.

Abbiamo soggiornato presso l’Hilton e l’esperienza è stata eccellente.
La stanza era bellissima e molto curata. Avevamo una suite ampia con una splendida vista mare, davvero fantastica.

La posizione dell’hotel è perfetta, comoda e ideale per muoversi. Anche la palestra è eccellente, moderna e ben attrezzata.

Il personale è stato sempre cordiale, gentile e molto disponibile, facendoci sentire accolti fin dal primo momento.
La colazione era ottima, varia e di alta qualità.

Se torneremo in questa destinazione, sceglieremo sicuramente di nuovo questo hotel. Consigliatissimo!

Great service by Lakshan, Ranjana and Ashan

Все прекрасно! Персонал внимательный. С днем рождения поздравили. Очень приятно. Желаю отелю дальше процветать. И конечно рекомендую его.

Villa Verona is a true gem. The food was absolutely delicious — beautifully prepared, full of flavor, and clearly made with care. Every dish felt comforting yet refined, making the whole experience incredibly enjoyable.

What truly elevated our visit, though, was the service. Diana Chamali was outstanding — attentive, friendly, and genuinely welcoming throughout the evening. She made us feel well looked after without ever being intrusive, and her warmth added so much to the overall experience.

A beautiful hotel with a beach, and impeccable service. The staff here is one of the best and special mention to Amit and Abdul for their excellent service!
The cleaning staff is also so efficient, and always there for us when we need them. The rooms are stunning, spotless and have great views. Highly recommend, because this is one of the best Hiltons I’ve stayed at!

Thanks again to Hilton Dubai Jumeirah for making our stay very special.
Unforgettable memories will stay with us forever.
Special thanks to Miss Tracy for her support before and during our stay. She helped us to enjoy our stay.
Definitely we will come back again next time.

Хочется выразить особую благодарность персоналу лаундж зоны на 9-м этаже отеля Hilton Dubai Jumeira ❤️. Сервис, обслуживание, еда, десерты, напитки - все было на высоте! Очень любили бывать в этом месте, атмосферно, спокойно, уединенно. Спасибо вам большое за теплую атмосферу! Обязательно еще увидимся!!!

Искренняя благодарность персоналу лаунж‑зоны за высокий уровень сервиса и внимательное отношение к гостям. Каждый сотрудник встречает гостей с тёплой улыбкой, проявляет искреннюю заинтересованность в комфорте посетителей. Общение всегда строится на уважительной, но при этом непринуждённой ноте. Заказы принимаются и выполняются быстро, без лишних ожиданий, очень приятные и тёплые воспоминания останутся, думаю вернёмся обязательно к вам🥰🥰🥰

Very nice food and very nice steak 😉👌

Special mention of Mani, extremely helpful

Fantastisk vy
Bra tapas
Bra service
Perfekt !

We were Served by Alice Hruyili  From the onset she was always available anticipating our needs and patiently attending to us! I was very cold when I came and she brought me hot water until I was okay. Our table was cleared on time and she was always at hand to assist if we needed anything. She has calm and sweet demeanor and is an asset to the establishment. The food was great start to finish. Location wise the ongoing  construction makes it a bit difficult to reach but am sure that will change when that is done. It was worth the drive. Keep up the great work!

★★★★★
The Hilton JBR is pure perfection — from the stunning beachfront views to the warm and genuine energy of the staff. Every moment here feels like a five-star experience, filled with smiles, kindness, and true hospitality. The team radiates the best vibes and makes you feel at home in the heart of luxury.

I absolutely love this place — it’s rare to find such excellence and soul combined

Здравствуйте.
Отдыхали в отеле Hilton Dubai Jumeirah в середине декабря.
Удобное расположение для любителей пляжного отдыха.
Ухоженная территория с множеством кафе/ресторанов.
Благодаря малой этажности нет проблем с ожиданием лифтов.
Персонал улыбчивый и отзывчивый.
Туристам без знания английского языка будет чуть труднее.
Порадовал Executive lounge. Большое спасибо Yougie, Saini, Apric, Ellen, Eiei, Erikh & Руслану.
Из возможных минусов - вечером на Al Mamsha street пробки, планируйте поездки заранее.

We waren hier voor 3 nachten. Hadden tijdens aankomst geupgrade naar executieve room, was een bescheiden meerprijs met tevens toegang tot de lounge voor eten, (alcoholische dranken -1800 /2000) drinken.

De locatie is geweldig, wel erg druk, ook in het hotel is het erg druk, maar heeft me niet gestort. De service van het personeel blijft goed met voldoende aandacht. Het eten is super, zeker het ontbijt, wat lekker uitgebreid is. Wel kan het soms wat langer duren voordat je een tafel toewezen krijgt.

Executieve lounge is ook prima, vriendelijk personeel en voldoende keuze aan eten, snacks en drinken.

Ja een geweldige locatie! Enige nadeel was dat onze kamers steeds pas rond 1700 schoongemaakt werden, als je net terug komt van een dag buiten de deur, zee, zwembad en jezelf wil opfrissen zit je te wachten... dit had beter gepland kunnen worden.

Voor de rest merk je dat NPS en ding hier is want wij kregen zowel van de bediening in het restaurant, lounge, balie als de valet parking een kaartje met hun namen om hun goed te reviewen 😀.  In totaal telde we 11 namen ;) .. wij hadden een goede vakantie, en komen hier zeker terug!

Están construyendo al lado. Lo que hace que haya ruido continuamente...

It’s my amazing experience in oceana restaurant i have great dinner and very nice staff specially thanks to Abigael

Все супер , отель новый , номера чистые , самое главное сервис - на высоте ! Хотелось бы отдельно отметить администратора Assel на ресепшен.
Касательно кухни, все супер (ягненок очень вкусный )
Спасибо Abdul из Oceana kitchen

Kahvaltı kötü resepsiyon çalışanları yardım sever değil ellerinde imkan olmalarına rağmen

We stayed at Hilton Dubai Jumeirah for 7 days, and Olim really impressed us with his excellent service. He is very friendly, polite, and always smiling. He made our stay even more enjoyable. Thank you, Olim!

Having a fantastic stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeriah. Rooms, location, food and service are all fantastic. A special thanks to the team in the executive lounge who have been looking after us - Ellen, April, Eiei, Sain, Erilca and Ruslan

Mani concierge
I liked everything very much! The best vacation

Great family stay with our 3 year old, staff all very helpful and thoughtful towards our son. Particular thanks to Emad who saved the day when our airport taxi went to the Hilton opposite and wheeled all our luggage over.

I would highly recommend this hotel! The location is excellent, it has a private area of the beach and is close to the marina and in walking distance of many shops and restaurants.

The staff make this hotel so special. Special mention to Naveen Giri in housekeeping. Alongside excellent housekeeping, it is really Naveen's manner which makes him stand out. His kind service and always taking an interest in how my day / trip is going was so appreciated. He went above and beyond his role, wanting to ensure that I had a great time in Dubai.

Zena on the check in desk is amazing. She was so so helpful with my check out,  arranging a free late check out and ensuring I knew that I could access all facilities at the hotel after check out. A life saver given my very late flight time!

Mani on the concierge desk was also so helpful, ensuring that I was fully looked after after checking out.

Also, special thanks to the breakfast staff. In particular, the crepe chef (I could not see that he had a name tag). Again for his kind service, taking an interest in my holiday and delicious food. I would also like to recognise Sodiq who brought me a special cake at my final breakfast at the hotel. The best surprise and it was so delicious.

I hope the Hilton can do something to recognise its stand out staff.

Would stay again and would highly recommend to other travellers.

The resturant is amazing. The buffet is fantastic with many varities. The staff are nice specially kalpana from Nepal. She is friendly . Professional and pretty. She deals with a guest in professional way. HAITHAM IS EXCELLENT CHEF.

Sehr nette Hotel, der Servicemann Mani Concierge und  Olim ist besonders vorzuheben. Die beiden waren immer da für all unsere Fragen. Die haben immer ein Lachen auf Gesicht. Danke für alles. Wir werden uns in kürze wiedersehen.

Wir kommen seit einigen Jahren für je 9-10 Tage nach Dubai ins Hilton Dubai Jumeirah. Der Service und die Hilfsbereitschaft aller Mitarbeiter ist absolut hervorragend. Der Standort ist für junge wie für ältere Menschen perfekt, weil man neben dem direkten Zugang zum Strand (bei dem man berücksichtigen muss, dass ihn viele Menschen nutzen) auch viele Geschäfte, Restaurants, Cafés etc. gibt.
Ein Wehmutstropfen für uns war der umgebaute Gartenbereich. Der neue Pool sieht super aus, jedoch hatte man im alten Gartenbereich mehrere Bereiche, die einem mehr persönliche Atmosphäre bot. Jetzt steht Liege an Liege oft in dreier Reihen sehr dicht nebeneinander, in dem man sich von allen Seiten beobachtet fühlt. Das ist aber nur eine persönliche Meinung, die andere Urlauber nicht stören muss.
Im ganzen ist das Hotelwegen seiner Lage und dem außerordentlich guten Service der Mitarbeiter sehr zu empfehlen. Einen Besuch der Bar/Restaurant in der 10. Etage (Rooftop-Lounge) sollte man nicht nur wegen dem Service sondern auch wegen der Sicht (im Außenbereich) unbedingt einmal ausprobieren.
Extra bedanken möchte ich mich hier nochmal bei dem gesamten Team der Executive Lounge in der 9. Etage für ihren super Service !

Servis is the best
Thank you very much for ZUN

لم اسكن لان السعر عالي جدا

Олим, спасибо! Классно поздравили нашу маму с днем рождения за завтраком.

Olim, thank you! You did a wonderful job of wishing our mom a happy birthday over breakfast.

AMAZING PUB AND BRILLIANT  STAFF THANK YOU GIRLS SPECIALLY TO VERA AND LIZA .YOU ARE SUPER STAR.
WE ENJOY OUR DINNER .
WE WILL RECOMMEND ALSO TO OUR FRIEND THIS PUB .
👌

It was very good roast dinner I ever had in Mcg . JBR . Good recommendation we enjoyed . Thank you to Liza and Vera they are very attentive and take care of us when ever we ask for something
We will definitely  comeback you are superb 👏

I had diner at the Hilton Italian restaurant . Food was good but what made a nice diifrencd is the patio outside with a great view and Zun s quality of service :)

Was für wunderbare Ferien! Das Hotel und vor allem der Service waren hervorragend.
Wir machen zum zweiten Mal Ferien hier und sind wieder begeistert, wie viel neues aufgebaut wurde. Jeder Gast wird zum Geburtstag überrascht, ohne, dass man ihnen sagen muss, dass man Geburtstag hat.
Sehr freundliches Personal.

Liza, you are a superstar ... took care of us and she gave all the attention and suggestions..
Great service and good vibe ..

Thank you

Bellissima

Hotel molto accogliente, personale gentile e disponibile a qualsiasi esigenza. All’interno della struttura c’è un ristorante italiano, dove siamo stati serviti da Zun, attenta e super disponibile anche per intolleranze e allergie

bellissimo posto

Ida & Mimi were amazing, 10/10. Best massage I’ve done in dubai wow. Kim was also very helpful and welcoming. Everything was truly amazing 10/10 would definitely recommend.

Thank youuu ms shayne. U ate well accommodating ♥️♥️♥️

We had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences. The hospitality and professionalism of the team truly made our experience memorable.

A special thanks to Muhanad, Ezrael and the rest of the Front Office for their warm welcome, helpful attitude, and excellent service throughout our stay. They were always attentive and made us feel genuinely valued as guests.

Sebastian and his team from the F&B also deserves recognition for their outstanding service and positive energy in the morning. They
ensured everything was perfect and made breakfast a great experience.

We would also like to appreciate the lifeguards at the pool for their attentiveness, professionalism, and friendly approach, which made the pool area both safe and relaxing for families and guests alike.
Thank you to the entire team for making our visit comfortable and enjoyable. We look forward to returning again soon.

But gps location not working now because under construction...

كانت إقامة رائعة جدًا بكل معنى الكلمة في Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences 🤍

نشكر إدارة الفندق على حسن الاستقبال والاهتمام والتعامل الراقي طوال فترة إقامتنا. بالفعل لمسنا مستوى عالي جدًا من الاحترافية والخدمة الممتازة، بداية من نظافة الغرف وراحة الإقامة، إلى جمال الموقع والإطلالة الجميلة التي جعلت التجربة مميزة جدًا لنا ولعائلتنا.

شكر خاص جدًا لمديرة الفندق، وللأستاذة مليكة والأستاذة مريم في الاستقبال على تعاونهم واهتمامهم الدائم وحرصهم على راحتنا، وكذلك كل الشكر لفريق البوفيه والمطعم والشيف المتميز، والأستاذ علاء، وجميع طاقم العمل الذين كانوا سببًا في جعل إقامتنا بهذه الروعة.

أكيد ستكون لنا زيارات قادمة بإذن الله، وننصح كل العائلات بتجربة هذا الفندق الجميل لما فيه من راحة وخدمة وموقع مميز.

شكرًا لكم جميعًا على هذه الضيافة الرائعة

Food was great! Thank you Churchill for the good service.❤️

Great service and the food was amazing! Special thanks to Churchill and Prajwal for being so accommodating and making our experience even better. ✨

Ein gelungenes Apartment Hotel. Der Ausblick aus dem 16. Stock mit Balkon über den Creek ist hervorragend. Wenn man will, kann man in dem Hotel wohnen. Das One Bedroom Apartment verfügt über ein Schlafzimmer und ein Wohnzimmer mit komplett ausgestatteter Küche.
Ansonsten kann man auch im Restaurant essen oder in unmittelbarer Nähe am Fluss spazieren. Nicht weit vom Flughafen, aber ohne Fluglärm.

أقمت في شقة مطلة على الخور مع بلكونة وكانت التجربة مريحة جدًا. الغرفة نظيفة وتوفر خصوصية وهدوء، والخدمات ممتازة وسريعة. الموقع مميز في قلب جوهرة الخور ويمنح إطلالة رائعة تضيف قيمة حقيقية للإقامة.

يتميز الفندق بفضل احترافية الموظفين، بنظافة المرافق، وسهولة تسجيل الدخول والخروج، إضافة إلى قربه من المطاعم والممشى، مما يجعل الإقامة أكثر متعة وسلاسة.

كل الشكر والتقدير لموظفة الاستقبال مريم وشين من مطعم سيرين على حسن التعامل والاستقبال الرائع.

It was an amazing stay✨✨
Thank you so much..

The hotel itself is nice, but the service needs serious improvement. It was very difficult to reach anyone by phone, and response time was very slow. I expected much better from Hilton.

The food was not good at all, neither breakfast nor dinner.
We had a private pool, but the water was extremely cold and not enjoyable.
This is not the level expected from a Hilton hotel. I
would not recommend it.

الخدمة كانت سيئة للغاية، ولا يتم الرد على الهاتف عند الحاجة.
الأكل غير جيد أبداً سواء الفطور أو العشاء.
كان لدينا مسبح خاص ولكن الماء كان بارداً جداً وغير مناسب للاستخدام.
بصراحة هذا المستوى لا يليق باسم الفندق، ولا أنصح به إطلاقاً

We enjoyed the foods , like BF & Dinner

Nice hotel best view

River side view awesome

Great hotel..amazing service..staff was very helpful and polite include restaurant staff...specail thanks to maraim.shayne and turkish chefs

Mariam in the reception is very welcoming that you giving us a beautiful room. Happy to visit this property always.

Our stay at this hotel was absolutely exceptional from start to finish. The staff (Sandy, Maryam, Malika, Adan) went above and beyond to ensure we felt welcomed and comfortable at all times. The room was spotless, beautifully designed, and equipped with everything we needed for a relaxing stay.

We especially appreciated the attention to detail—from the quality of the amenities to the prompt and friendly service. The atmosphere throughout the hotel was calm, elegant, and inviting, making it the perfect place to unwind.

The location was also ideal, with easy access to nearby attractions, yet still peaceful and quiet. Every aspect of our experience exceeded expectations, and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a memorable and luxurious stay.

Stayed here 3x this month and it always feel like home! Special thanks to Sandy, Mariam, and Malika for always providing us an exceptional customer service and ofcourse Adan who always greet us with a warm welcome and ensures that our things are always being well taken care of.

Excellent service very helpful and accommodating staff, Niki at reception was very kind and made us welcome

Big thanks to Mariam and Malika, they are very accomodating and no hassle everytime we check in.

I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences. The rooms were spacious, clean, and very comfortable, with a great view of the creek. The overall atmosphere of the hotel is neat and relaxing, which made my stay even more enjoyable.
A special thank you to Maryam, who truly made a difference during my visit. She was incredibly friendly, attentive, and always ready to help with a warm smile. Her professionalism and genuine care really stood out and made me feel very welcome.
The service overall was excellent, and I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable and pleasant stay in Dubai. Looking forward to coming back again!

Great stay all around! I would definitely come back. And I would like to thank Ahmed for his hospitality, including ordering and guiding my taxi on a rainy day, as well as helping me with my room issue.

I had an amazing staycation .it was my birthday 🎂 and honestly the reception team was very supportive,welcoming, friendly,professional …not forgetting to mention the wonderfu✨team  Sandy ,Asmi,Muhannad ,Suren ,Nazeer,Mariam ,Malika you guys are such a gem 💎.the rooms are also big and clean i was just happy and thankful 😌 to the team .Keep it up and see you soon ❤️

Where do I start from……visited for my sisters birthday getaway and from the beginning at the front desk the staff was amazing.Sandy was super helpful and friendly with an amazing smile. Nazeer is such a gentleman he was super careful with the luggage and was very polite.Thank you Suren for your help with the extension and for your understanding.Asmi,Muhammad,Mariam and Malika all made this birthday memorable 🥳🥳.

What a truly delightful and diverse establishment, the entire team is exceptionally unique. Sandy, who assisted us with our check-in, was an absolute gem and meticulously explained every detail of our stay. We would also like to extend our special gratitude to Asmi, Muhannad, Suren, Nazeer, Mariam, and Malika.

My fav hotel, living here for a while. Big thanks to Mr. Clement for everything

I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation for the exceptional service and support provided by your entire team. From the moment we arrived, your staff demonstrated outstanding professionalism, warmth, and genuine care.

Every team member went above and beyond to ensure our comfort, always ready to assist with a smile and a positive attitude. Your dedication, teamwork, and attention to detail truly made our experience memorable.

It is because of such hardworking and committed individuals that your hotel stands out. Please extend my sincere thanks to each and every member of your team.

Wishing you all continued success, and I look forward to visiting again.

Mr Suren
Chef Sinan
Miss Malika
Miss Mariam
Miss Catharine,And Other all staff

Alaze & chef sinan were awesome☺️

فندق رائع ومميز والاطلاله جميله نظافه وخدمه رائعه وسوف اكرر التجربه يستاهل اكثر من خمسه نجوم 🌹

awesome stay

Shayne and zin were amazing , they went above and beyond to deliver the best service
It is our first experience in the hotel and the restaurant and because of the fabulous servise , definitely will not be our last time

Location is a little bit inconvenient because there is no taxi stand in front of the hotel. Shout out to Malika from Front Office team, making her best to guarantee our stay memorable and enjoyable!!! Love it!!!

It is great staycation for families. We had an amazing experience and the stufs were friendly and cooperative specially miss Mariam and sandy. ☺️☺️☺️

What a lovely hotel with some super friendly staff.
We had a great time 👌

Great Hotel to stay with Family, Spacious, clean and Well Maintained.

At The time we reach the room the card system where not working and we where waiting for the maintenance person for 15 Mins

Restaurant:- It was set menu for Half Board, Which they had Burgers and Club Sandwiches for Main Course😂. Salads were so good. And Their Spaghetti is soo good.

Restaurants Glass are smelling🤦‍♂️

Restaurant need to improve the glass plates cleaning and improve their food menus even for Set menu for Half Board or Full Board

We had a wonderful stay and truly appreciate the excellent service. The staff were friendly and welcoming, and the room was clean and comfortable.

Special thanks to Ms. Maurice, Muhamad,Malika and Naseer for the great hospitality—we look forward to staying again and again!

We had a wonderful wedding anniversary stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel. Thank you to Malika, Sandy, and Muhannad for the thoughtful upgrade to a huge, excellent room with a fantastic creek view, plus a complimentary cake. Breakfast and dinner were both sumptuous, and the warm hospitality made our stay extra special. We’ll definitely be coming back! ✨

Had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Resort! 🌟

A special shoutout to Sandy from the front office, who was incredibly accommodating and attentive to all our needs—truly made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived.

We also tried the half board option and had dinner at Sereine, which was an amazing experience. The food was absolutely delicious, and the service was exceptional. Big thanks to Sin and Shayne for taking such great care of us!

I’d also like to highlight the great service and professionalism of Muhannad at the reception. He was fantastic and even arranged a late check-out for us so we could enjoy the hotel a bit longer—such a thoughtful gesture.

Overall, a fantastic stay with great hospitality—highly recommended! 💙

I had an absolutely wonderful and relaxing 2-night stay at Hilton Creek Dubai in Jewel of the Creek. From the moment we arrived, the hospitality was exceptional. Sandy at the reception truly stood out as she is easily one of the best I’ve encountered in all my hotel experiences. She was incredibly accommodating, attentive, and genuinely warm, always taking the time to check on us whenever we passed by, which made us feel truly valued.

Our dining experience at Sereine was equally impressive. The food was excellent, and the service provided by Shayne and Sin was outstanding. They were attentive, professional, and ensured that we had a seamless and enjoyable dining experience. It was truly a sumptuous dinner, made even better by their thoughtful service.

Overall, it was a memorable stay, and I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for comfort, great service, and even just a relaxing staycation in Dubai..

Great stay with family, walking distance from Diera City Centre. A special thank you to Catherine, Maurice, Sandy, Malika and Ahmed from the Reception Team.

Mariam is amazing for front desk. Smiling and helpful. Awesome .
Clement is great too

المسبح واايد صغير

Booked a weekend staycation with my husband to this hotel. We were so disappointed. The 1 bedroom suite is pleasant, the bathroom really nice. Large bath and separate shower. However, the AC was faulty and made a loud noise when on, I am a light sleeper so was bothered by this. The pool area is really small and underwhelming. Staff friendly enough, but not the usual Dubai standard. Dinner buffet was poor, limited to soup, pasta, salad and 3 dishes to choose from. Nothing labelled. Food was average, and warm, not hot. Breakfast the following morning could only be described as chaos. Not enough seats in the restaurant, staff visibly stressed, more than 15 guests waiting at a time to be seated. Once given a table, we sat down on wet chairs that had been out in the rain as they had run out of dry chairs. Food was awful, not even warm, incorrect order, coffee machine broken, staff raising voices at one another, no plates, no cutlery, an awful experience. We went to the cafe downstairs for a coffee afterwards, and that wasn’t working either. We checked out that morning, spending only 1 of the 2 nights booked. A really disappointing Hilton experience.

Our family had a wonderful stay. The room size was impressively spacious for all of us, and the cleanliness was impeccable throughout.

The location is perfect—very near the Metro and Deira City Centre, making it so convenient for getting around.

A special thank you to Catherine, Maurice, Sandy, and Ahmed for their outstanding service. They truly made our visit memorable. Highly recommended!

I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel. From the moment I arrived, the service was warm and professional. A special thanks to Catherine and Riki at reception, who made the check-in process smooth and welcoming. They were both incredibly helpful, attentive, and went out of their way to ensure everything was perfect throughout my stay.

The hotel itself is clean, comfortable, and well-located, with great views and excellent facilities. The overall experience exceeded my expectations, and the hospitality truly stood out because of staff members like Catherine and Riki.

I would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to returning again soon.

Its really good ambiance

We recently stayed here for a family staycation and had a wonderful experience. From the moment we checked in, the staff made us feel incredibly welcome. Shout out to Maurice and Riki at the reception for awesome assistance. Clean rooms, great vibes, extensive breakfast!

The hotel was quite good, but what truly stood out was the exceptional hospitality provided by Ms. Catherin Debil at the reception. She was remarkably approachable and delivered outstanding service. I had accidentally left my iPad at the hotel, and when I called the reception, she assisted me immediately and ensured everything was handled with great care. Her professionalism and prompt support made my experience even more memorable.

Thank you so much your staff in b3 is very good great in welcoming especially Mr Aden security😍😍, mr Ahmed bell boy 😍😍👦  for smiling for guest always and vale driver Mr cholendra all is nice people's also serein food very delicious and very good people 🤩🤩🤩 Tanks

Good stay great staff(MALIKA AND ALAE). Breakfast was excellent and the service from ALAE  was great fast and exactly what you want.

had an amazing time at hilton dubai creek hotel. firstly, the rooms are beautiful. it comes with a kitchen, equipped with a toaster and coffee machine which i appreciate. i also had breakfast and the breakfast was amazing! so many options and even an a la carte menu. this one server named Alae was also really attentive and impressed me and my family! overall an amazing time

Additionally, it was raining yet we saw Alae putting away the cushions from the outside chairs. We admire that kind of commitment! Great work from him.

We were welcomed by Ashmi so friendly and enjoyed our stay . Will definitely come back .

My family had a wonderful overnight stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek. The facilities, service, and location exceeded our expectations. We especially would like to commend Riki from the reception for making us feel welcome by interacting with us with respect and warmth.

Me and a couple of friends stayed at the hotel this past Sunday, and everything was awesome 👌. The room was clean as always, having stayed there a couple of times. Would just like to give a big thumbs up to Ashmi, hope im spelling the name right. She was working night or evening shift on Sunday night. Very thoughtful and warmth. She was extremely professional and friendly. Keep up the good work Ashmi. She's the Indian lady with glasses, just incase im getting the name wrong.

Staff are very polite,  special thanks to Ahmed and Suuneer. We have a pleasant stay😍

I had a great stay at Hilton Dubai Creek. The hotel is comfortable, well located, and the service was excellent.

A special thanks to Ahmed and Aden for their outstanding hospitality. They were very professional, friendly, and always ready to help. They truly made the stay even more enjoyable.

Highly recommended and I would definitely stay here again.

Great place and great service! Big thanks to all the team, especially Abraham at the front desk, for being kind, friendly, and professional.
谢谢你们的热情款待

Great everything, wish I knew these were the last few days before what’s happened I’m GCC

The hotel is great in all aspects but what stands out is the staff - all are very friendly professional and just a delight to be around .
It is my number 1 hotel in Dubai!

Great place and great service.

3월 25일부터 2주정도 숙박을 하였다. 청결하고 직원들이 매우 친절하였다. 주변에 공기도 좋아서 아침 저녁으로 운동하기도 좋습니다.

Amal from Creek Kitchen was very helpful and professional

The hotel is clean overall and the staff is friendly and they provide excellent service. We ate at the restaurant of the hotel Serein. The food was great and Alae our waiter was great too. He was fast and very helpful, ready to assist with all requests. A very pleasant experience.

Where do I begin, one of the best hotels I've ever been in. I don't want to forget names but Riki, Suren, Sandy, Malika and their lovely manager Maurice from reception. Marwa and Miriam from guest relations. Abraham from security, Ahmed and Mohammed from B3, along with the entire security team down there(Jami!!), from serenity Ritesh and Churchill, from house keeping shifam and Govind. Literally every person in this hotel has gone above and beyond in normal times let alone the stressful times currently in Dubai. Every single one of you is amazing and deserves nothing short of admiration. Thank you and I hope the next stay will be in less stressful times. Appreciate you all

Alae is very nice!

Had a great dinner experience here. Our waiter Amal was attentive and made the evening enjoyable. Would recommend.

Все было вкусно! Спасибо шефу Sinan и отдельное  спасибо официанту Alae!

We recently stayed at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel and Residence. Special thanks to Abraham at the front desk - with all the flight cancellations due to the current situation, my family was really stressed and worried. But his encouraging words and support made a huge difference. He was so calm and reassuring, talking to us and other guests, telling us everything would be okay. His natural and friendly approach really helped put us at ease, even when we were on the verge of tears. The rest of the front office team were also super helpful in ensuring everyone got their rooms. Big thanks to all the staff, including the restaurant team, for your hospitality during a really tough time for us. You guys are awesome 👍

Hilton honors is the best hotel ever. The facilities, the cleanliness and the service are top notch. Special mention to Jamirul and Najeeradul and all the GS staff and restaurant staff i did not manage to catch the names. Great job guys

Jamila and Najeer- Abdul were very helpful and provided great service, all the  staff were amazing

Alae truly enhanced our visit! Friendly, attentive, and professional – they always knew exactly what we needed. The recommendations were perfect, and the service was quick without feeling rushed.
Highly recommended – thank you, Alae, for the great service!

Manot

Best hotel in the town

The best thing they did was close this hotel.  We paid $700 a night and didn't have hot water, and nothing in our room's Business Center worked. The hotel wasn't special.  The view of Dubai Creek was nothing spectacular. The one word I associate with Dubai and the UAE is overhyped. Don't bother. If you want to see something special, go to Shangri-La Hotel Bar Al-Jissah Resort just south of Muscat in Oman.  This was my all-time favorite vacation!

Thanks for a great experience of our stay celebrating my wife’s 55th birthday.
Huge shout out to Maurice who comfortably accommodated us. Thanks to John, Riki and others at the reception and parking staff! Keep it up and all the best to the Team! God bless you all ❤️

Un séjour très agréable !!! Un hôtel que nous recommandons, la chambre est spacieuse très bien équipée avec une vue sur le creek et le burj kalifa sur la terrasse au petit déjeuner. Un petit déjeuner et un dîner très variés, un voyage gustatif. Le personnel très disponible et très agréable comme Amal et une mention spéciale pour Clément (qui parle très bien le français) pour son accueil chaleureux et très professionnel.
Merci pour avoir contribué à notre super séjour

Fully recommend this hotel. Beds ar very comfortable, spacious rooms and entire apartments, very tasty food, so clean everywhere, warmed up water in swimming pool, gym very nice. Nice view and 5 mins by walk from metro station. Ahmed and Jamirul from taxi service are very helpful. All staff from the kitchen and reception are so kind. Housekeeper did his job very well.

Hôtel et restaurant excellents et très bien placée face au creek proche du métro. La chambre est très jolie.
Merci au personnel très disponible comme Amal et un grand merci à Clement (qui parle très bien français) pour son professionnalisme et son excellent accueil. Merci encore

We had to spend a day before leaving for a business trip but with the family

The taxi drivers and delivery guys got lost each time to find the entrance in the tunnel

Otherwise the reception and concierge are extremely welcoming
A bit less with the rest of the team even sometimes suit up guys who seems to work there without even a greeting to a client …
Sadly the pool is in the shadow after 3pm I guess that’s great during the summer but in February it shorten but our time here

The room is amazing nothing to say that great
View and furnitures. We ordered food via the Careem app and were happy to enjoy the flat in the living room.

We were close to the metro as well and the promenade is refreshing

Good customer service. The environment was clean, comfortable, and very welcoming. A special thank you to Ahmed and Jamirul they were incredibly kind, professional, and always ready to help. Their excellent customer service made my stay even more enjoyable. I truly appreciate their hospitality and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.”

Hello everyone,

I recently stayed here for two days, and the experience was truly excellent. The rooms are top class—beautifully maintained, comfortable, and thoughtfully designed.

I would especially like to acknowledge the Guest Experience Manager, Naurice. A few days before my check-in, she carefully noted all my requirements and ensured that everything was arranged perfectly—without me needing to send a reminder. Even at checkout, she spoke with great courtesy and took the time to explain other properties as well. Her professionalism and warmth made a real difference to my stay.

I would also like to appreciate the receptionist, John. He was extremely pleasant, listened to me patiently, and assisted me with all my requirements efficiently.

A special thanks to Chef Sinan. As someone who finds it difficult to get truly tasty Indian vegetarian food while traveling, I was delighted. He would take my requirements a day in advance and prepare the meals beautifully. The taste was exquisite. I would also like to acknowledge the restaurant staff, Mahadev and Shayene, who were very attentive and responsive to all my needs.

As feedback, accessing the hotel through Parking Lot P3 can be a bit of a hassle. Additional signboards would make navigation much easier for guests.

Overall, the experience was wonderful. I would certainly return and highly recommend this hotel to everyone.

Thank you.

Nithyanand
Bangalore
Feb, 2026

Fantastic stay. Special
Thanks to Sandy, Malika, Mariem and Abraham

What a great place. Highly recommended. Right from the Director Sajeev to Jobin house keeping, conceierge to health centre staff - its all about customer delight. I vist Dubai from Australia every 2 months and have stayed in most of 5 star hotels but Hilton Dubai Creek- tops the list. Cleanliness is top notch. Very well maintained place. Comfort, views, location, food- its all exceptional. In all honesty this Hilton is on top of my list in comparison to other Hiltons in Dubai.

Nous sommes très satisfaits de l'hôtel, nous avions une suite avec une vue splendide avec vue sur la creek. L'ensemble du personnel a été très agréable et serviable notamment Mariem qui nous a beaucoup aider pour la traduction en français car notre anglais n'était pas excellent. De plus, son sourire et sa bonne humeur ont beaucoup contribué au palisir de séjourner dans cet hôtel. Nous reviendrons avec palisir dans cet hôtel que nous conseillons vivement.

This hotel absolutely exceeded my expectations. I thought that being a residence space that the quality would be less. However, I was sorely mistaken as the room amazed me. As soon as I entered the room I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room, the bathroom, the plentiful of facilities and the chocolate gift that was left for me to enjoy. The view from the room was amazing, and everything was as promised. Staff were extremely friendly with special mention to the front desk team including Sandy, Ezrael, Malika, Suren, Misheck, Muhannad, and Riki.

I enjoyed the location of the hotel, and the room was clean and comfortable.
The food was nice, and I would like to highlight Ahmed for providing excellent service.
. Thank you.

Highly recommend

Hotel location and staff were great. Room was sebaceous and clean.

Ahmed at the concierge was amazing, he went above and beyond to make sure our needs were met

Zin served us very well, good ambiance

We had an overnight flight & arrived at the hotel before our check in time.  This was communicated to Agoda during our booking & appears it was not relayed to Hilton.

We were very disappointed with the service received during check-in.
We asked the check-in agent if we could check in  earlier to our room to reduce the hassle of moving our luggage & disrupting our rest after an 8hr flight. He was non chalant & didn't   seem interested to assist us.

We were charged around 620 AED to stay in another room only till out room was ready. We only stayed there for around 6 hrs before being relocated to our room.
Unfortunately the initial experience left a bad taste in our mouth...
Our stay was OK & we engaged well with the other staff (security, waiters, porters)
The view from our balcony was beautiful!  especially at night as we could see the Dubai Frame & Burj Khalifa.
We had the creek view & also a walking distance to Deira Mall.

Towards the end of our stay, the manager Maurice was very helpful & assisted us with arranging our Airport transport along with breakfast.

Very Nice Hotel. This Hotel is highly recommended.  Very nice service given by Miss Mariem and Ashmi.

Oh my GOD Amazing Amazing experience with this hotel specially Shain in Serien restaurant she was amazing amazing amazing person that I never met ❤️

Amazing service from Suren and Baba Isofu!
The entrance is a little hard to get to but other than that everything was fantastic!!!

Excellent

Hôtel très propre chambre magnifique spacieuse personnel attentionné et dynamique je recommande fortement

Excelente servicio, habitación fabulosa pero difícil ubicación para trasladarse a reuniones de negocios fuera del hotel.

Muhteşem bir otel. Çalışanları, ilgi ve temizlik çok iyi seviyede. Lokasyonu havalimanına yakın ancak şehir merkezine biraz uzak. Eğer tatile veya birkaç günlük geziye geldiyseniz beach’e, Burj Khalifa’ya 30 dk mesafede. Araba kiralanmasını öneririm. Odalar rezidans şeklinde bizim bir yatak odamız, bir oturma odamız ve mutfak, yemek alanı olmak üzere çok geniş bir konaklama deneyimimiz oldu. Ayrıca Suren ve Riki, size çok teşekkür ederiz, uçağımız çok erken geldi ve bize erken check-in konusunda destek oldular. Giriş saatimize rağmen, motivasyonları ve güler yüzleri çok iyiydi. Suren ve Riki; Hilton bünyesindeki çalışma hayatınızda yükselmenizi dilerim.
Otelin tüm çalışanları çok yüksek performanslı bir çalışma disiplinine sahip. Odalar her gün temizlendi. Merak edenler için odalardaki kahvelerin markası Lavazza. Tüm malzemeler üst düzey ve tertemiz. Manzarası da muhteşem. Güzel bir deneyimdi. Metroya 11 dk mesafe. Otobüse de aynı şekilde. Yine 10 dk mesafede Mall var. Deire city centre çok yakınında.

I recently had 3 stays at the property.
Prior to the first stay I was frustrated chatting online with the 'front desk".
On arrival I asked to see a "Duty Manager", it was then I was fortunate to meet Maurice Uy, she could see why I was frustrated and immediately addressed my concerns.
As the Guest Experience Manager, Maurice is an "excellent fit" for that role, with her engaging personality and knowledge of the property, Hilton is very lucky to have her as part of the team.
I then returned for a second and third stay! (and I will be back again later in the year).

Nice ambiance, and Diksha provided great service.

Excellent service from Marwa at reception, friendly, professional and attentive. Her smile never left her face. Truly five star quality in everything, highly recommended

أنا متشكر عل حسن المعاملة والاستقبال الممتاز ونخص بالشكر الاستاذه مريم جنوني ولها كل الشكر علي إتقانها علي المعاملة الممتازة للنزلاء

Ich würde gern 6 Sterne für den Service und die Mitarbeiter geben.

Amazing service and hotel. This feedback is especially for Anwar and Sinam providing exceptional hospitality and creating an extra special breakfast during my stay. Hope to see you again soon

Great room and lovely breakfast overlooking the creek. Anwar in particular made sure all was perfect and makes a great cappuccino.

Stayed at the hotel for a few months and was happy with everything! Staff was amazing!
For long stays, the supermarket is definitely useful too.
Compared to other "5 star hotels" in the City Centre Deira area, the Hilton is much better (maybe tied with the Marriott)

We stayed at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences for five days in January 2026 and we had a relaxing and wonderful experience. We chose this hotel for our Dubai stay because of the two-bedroom suite option which worked greatly for our family and provided much-needed space. Upon arrival we received a room upgrade to a room with creek view and balcony. The staff at the reception were very helpful and friendly as they helped to deliver our 10 luggage to our room in a timely manner. The hotel is very well located within 10 minutes from the airport and souk. There are also restaurants on site and a supermarket on the ground floor. The hotel also provided free parking, which is very helpful. While we really enjoyed our stay at the hotel, I hoped that breakfast provided more options in the future. Overall, the staff are friendly and provide great customer service. I will stay at this hotel again next time I visit Dubai.

We stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel and Residences with our family, and it was an absolute delight. The hospitality was exceptional, thanks to the amazing team, especially Abraham, who went above and beyond to make our stay memorable. The restaurant's food was delicious, and the ambiance was lovely.

The rooms were spacious and clean, with great views of the creek. We loved the location, with plenty of dining options and attractions nearby.

Thanks to the entire team for making our stay so special. We'll definitely be back and hope to see you all again 😊

Whilst only 2yrs old the apartments here feel soo old. They have been used evry badly & not well kept. Very bad housekeeping where tubs were dirty, tiles not cleaned. Some linen had holes. We had many rooms booked. On the 1 floor the floors were sticky thruout. The staff though were exceptionally helpful & courteous. The outdoor area is lovely to relax for a meal/coffee.

Very good experience, room is big and comfortable which values the price

موقع الفندق جدا ممتاز ورائع حلو انك تتمشى فيه عباره عن كذا مبنى تابع لنفس الفندق
ويمه بحيرة اطلالته جميلة جدا رائعة في كل غرفة في بلكونه وتشوف المنظر الجميل بره

اخذنا جناح كامل بصالة معيشة ومطبخ وغرفتين نوم وثلاث حمامات وغرفة غسيل ملابس
المكان نظيف للامانة لكن يحتاج صيانة بالذات الحمامات الارضيات مشلخه ومبقعه ببقع سوداء
ايضا عمال النظافة مايحطون صابون بكل دورات المياه واقصد اول دورة مياه عند الباب
ايضا مجفف شعر مافي بكل دورات المياه
الاسرة نظيفة
بس يحتاج ان العمال ينظفون عدل اكثر الغرف كاملة قبل تسليمها وينظفون السجاد من البقع القديمة
تعليقي طبعا لان سعره مو رخيص واجد فحلو الواحد اذا دفع مبلغ يكون مستوى النظافة قد اللي دفعه وتوقعه
طبعا هو عبارة عن كذا مبنى احنا سكنا في 4

nice  ,good👍 service!!
good view
the SHAYNE is nice actresses!!!

Shayne and Anwar have been the most helpful.

Great buffet. The food, service and view is amazing. Perfect place to go with family or friends. Thanks Anwar for the service and Sinan the chef for the food.

Anwar and Sinan were fantastic to make out experience amazing. Great food quality and variety!

Serein brunch was good.. Anwar was helpful and funny.. Chef Sinan… foods was good too.. 👍👍

We had a lovely brunch at Serein: lovely view, multiple main meal options and excellent service particularly by Mr. Anwar who did his best to accommodate us (7 without reservation) and took excellent care of my kids. He really made our visit memorable.

We had great brunch in Serein on Saturday. Nice service and hospitality.

Special thanks to Mr. Anwar and entire team

The hotel is super fantastic, good location, so clean, nice smile, all the stuff were so helpful, special Miss Maruiem the receptist, the room was great, big with a imazing furniture.

Nice place, traffic is a mess around this place.  View is great.

We took the 2 bedroom apartment with creek view. The hotel lacks good housekeeping. The surfaces are dusty and not clean. The floors and walls are full of stains. The shower area has black spots on the wall.

I wish they took more care into cleaning and housekeeping.

Great hotel, great service. Every member of the staff is smiling, kind and helpful. Special thanks to Malika and John

Had an amazing stay at Hilton Creek Hotel and Residences,  Big shoutout to Abraham at the front desk ,  his warmth and hospitality made all the difference. Always smiling, always engaging, friendly and made our stay feel home
Highly recommend 😊

I was very pleased with my stay at Hilton, my stay was good I enjoyed and very pleased with the welcoming by Mr Riki is good person well attending customers.

Thank you
Mr Rwegoshora Eric Katabaro

Good experience

النظافه سيئه طلع لنا صرصور بالغرفه والخدمة غير راضيه عنها سيئه .. الغرف مساحتها متنوعه ..

I had booked a room for a 4-night stay in Dubai. My wife and I were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary! During the app-based check-in process, I selected a room, which unfortunately was not available when we reached the hotel because the guests staying therein had requested a late check-out. Regardless, the hotel staff arranged for an alternate room on the same floor with superb views of downtown Dubai and the creek. Before giving us the room, the hotel staff decorated the room for our milestone anniversary and also baked us a cake - gestures we truly appreciate!

The King studio room was immaculate and came with a kitchen complete with a 4-seater round dining table, stove, oven, refrigerator, and a sink. The room also housed a washer-dryer, which we did not use. Additionally, there was ample storage space for our four large bags. The furniture and bed in the room were cozy and comfortable.

The staff responsible for room cleaning were professional and courteous, maintaining the room in excellent condition. On the other hand, the water pressure in the bathroom was quite low, making the rain shower head, and the handheld shower, essentially anemic.

A feature that we found somewhat odd was the placement of the flat screen TV in the middle of the room between the bed and sofa, effectively serving as a divider. Perhaps the TV could have been wall-mounted, but this was not a major concern since we were mostly out and about in the city. Regardless, I tried connecting my phone to the TV using the 'cast' function but was unsuccessful. I am tech savvy person, but the interface on the TV to successfully 'cast' content, left a lot to be desired. I've stayed in many Hilton hotels but never experienced such an inability to cast content from my devices.

Next comes the food! While we did not eat in the hotel's only restaurant, the morning breakfast spread was quite sumptuous. There was the usual continental fare including breads, cheeses, and juices in addition to local dishes such as hummus and pita, tabouleh salad, olives and feta, a soup with fava beans, and the like. Since we are vegetarian, we did not check out the meats and such. On one of the days, we were there, the breakfast buffet included poha - an Indian staple which was well-prepared and served hot. Further, the kitchen could also prepare additional items from a limited selection. One of the days, we ordered aloo parantha and on another day we ordered idli and vada with sambhar. The aloo parantha was well-made, but the idli/vada was just passable.

Overall, our stay was comfortable, restful and relaxing. The hotel staff, including Riki at the reception, Ahmed in guest services, and Malika - Guest Services Ambassador, were eager to help us and make sure we felt welcomed! I want to convey my sincere thanks to the entire hotel staff, and particularly to Riki, Ahmed, and Malika.

اشكر الموظف علاء على حسن استقباله وخدمته المميزه وابتسامته ولطفه الدائم مع الضيوف

the place we stayed in can't be called a hilton. Despite its new launched in 2024, the hotel feels very over used and poorley maintaned. The focets, the switches, and furniture, everything feels poorley maintained, leaking water, not working properly.

Don't get me started with the breakfast, the Garden Inn breakfasts is much better than this Hilton.

Being a diamond member and booked with my points and it was a waste. I will never stay here again nor recommend anyone to stay here.

I really enjoyed my there , Food and hospitality was excellent especially from Mr Alaa

Very nice meal, thanks Alaa for a kind service.

Great ambience and good service. Alaa served us he was very good 😊

Had a fantastic birthday celebration at Serein. The food was incredible, and the staff were absolutely wonderful. Special thanks to Captain Alaa for the warm hospitality. Will definitely be back! 🎉✨

Thank you for your service Alaa.

Food is amazing 🤩

The living experience has been excellent, with daily housekeeping carried out by Govind's team to a high standard.

Rita sincere and wholehearted commitment to service leaves a lasting impression.

Comfortable hotel but location is far from places we want to visit. A lot of taxi doesn't know how to get to the pick up and drop off point because is at the carpark  underground.

Lovely Ambiance and Service

The staff are excellent. Did everything possible to accommodate all our requests

Overall very well located hotel and staff very kind. Special thanks to ALAA from the restaurant who took good care of me during breakfast.

Captain alaaa was very kind and helpful ❤️❤️❤️

Everything about it is so good and so clean and the hospitality and everything os literally perfect and captain alaa is really nice

We chose this hotel and booked a two-bedroom apartment for our business trip of three people. First of all, we would like to express our gratitude to RIKI, the front desk receptionist. Since we were unsure about the end time of our trip, we had to extend our stay on short notice several times. He was extremely patient in rearranging rooms for us to minimize any inconvenience, and his service was both professional and thoughtful.

We particularly liked the two-bedroom, three-bed unit. It featured a spacious wrap-around balcony and an oversized living room, which delivered an excellent living experience and stunning views. We also want to give a big thumbs-up to the housekeeping and room service team—they always delivered our requested items promptly, no matter the time of day.

If we were to point out any inconveniences, there would be three aspects. First, we were not fond of the shower setup in the room, which requires you to stand inside the bathtub while bathing; to our mind, this is neither very safe nor hygienic. Second, this is a very personal observation, but the perfume scent in the hotel lobby was quite strong and overpowering, which we found hard to get used to. Third, some rooms lack a desk lamp, leaving no well-lit space for working (especially if you do not wish to work at the dining table).

Overall, we were quite satisfied with our stay and would be happy to choose this hotel again if we have the chance.

معاملة ممتازة من قبل موظفة الرسبشن مروى+ ماريس تعامل ممتاز اقدم شكري لهم اقامة كانت رائعة سوف نعيدها مره اخرى 🌹

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ We had a great stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Residences. The staff were extremely polite and helpful, and special thanks to Riki who ensured our check-in experience was absolutely smooth and gave us the best room. The room had an amazing view, and the location is very upscale with great restaurants nearby like ATK2 and Panther. Highly recommended for a comfortable and memorable stay.

overall ok... but the worst is the access to get into and out of hotel lobby. very confusing. wait time for uber is very long because drivers are lost. sauna is not hot. the elevators has a very long wait time. quite annoying

Thanks to captain Alaa for the best service

منظر رائع وخدمة ممتازة من الكابتن علاء

Excellent Property, excellent team that ensures a comfortable stay for guests

Very nice property.
Great staff.

The hotel is amazing, Especially front desk service RiKi!

All the staff were extremely friendly, helpful, and proactive. Every request I had was handled promptly and efficiently. I would especially like to thank Mr. Abraham, Alae captain,and Alanoor (I hope I spelled the last name correctly), whom I often saw during breakfast and who was always very pleasant and welcoming.☺️

كابتن علاء كان معنا في قمة الرقي و متعاون جدا  في الفطور ، شكرا جزيلا

派手ではありませんが、必要なものは揃っています。
ホテルの方もフレンドリーでした。

Poor maintenance
Poor cleaning
Poor service

This hotel does not meet a 4-star standard. The level of cleanliness is poor, the management is unprofessional, and the towels are old and worn out. Overall, the experience was disappointing.

كانت إقامتي أقل من التوقعات للأسف.
لوحظ وجود قصور في مستوى النظافة، كما أن أسلوب التعامل لم يكن بالمستوى المتوقع من فندق يقدم خدمات فندقية.

بالإضافة إلى ذلك، تم إضافة رسوم اتصال على الفاتورة رغم عدم استخدام هاتف الغرفة، ولم يتم تقديم توضيح كافٍ عند الاستفسار.

كما واجهت مشكلة أخرى تتمثل في رفض الاستقبال استلام شحنتي مؤقتًا إلى حين حضوري، مما أدى إلى قيام شركة الشحن باسترجاعها، وبالتالي لم أتمكن من استرجاع المبلغ المدفوع

تجربة مخيبة للآمال بكل المقاييس، ولا أنصح بالإقامة في هذا الفندق أبدًا، وأتمنى مراجعة مستوى النظافة، تدريب الموظفين، ومراجعة الفواتير بدقة قبل تحميل النزلاء رسومًا غير صحيحة.

The service is excellent .. at the breakfast ALAA was very very helpful mashallah. We are regular with different Hilton hotels . Wonderful.

Alaa was really nice person very helpful very kind .

The parking is big problem once you enter the security guard said if you spend more than 15 minutes you will pay 20AED I never seen these kind of things in other hotels if the driver come for pickup mostly they came before 10 minutes and if the guest tack time to prepare his self to be ready and tack some time then on the exit you should pay 20 AED otherwise they never open the barrier 🚧 I talk to security guy he told me it's from management side kindly tack action and free this parking for 1 hour so there will be no problem for the hotel costumers and pick and drop driver will be also relex to pick up the guest

We had a wonderful stay at this hotel and truly enjoyed our time there. The two-bedroom apartment was spacious and comfortable, which was perfect for us and our 1-year-old having that extra space made a big difference.

We also really enjoyed the food at the restaurant. Everything we ordered was fresh and tasty, and the quality was consistent throughout our stay.

One area that could use some improvement is room service housekeeping, specifically the terrace. We stayed for 9 days, and unfortunately the terrace was never cleaned. This stood out to us because our daughter liked to play there, so cleanliness in that area was important.

Overall, the hotel is in a great location. It’s very easy to get taxis, and the mall is within walking distance, which made getting around convenient.

We would happily stay here again and hope the terrace cleaning can be improved for future guests.

I stay with my family and i want to say
Thank you for this staff

Clement ( manger on duty 4 jan )
Mohamed Anwar
Jatin Kapoor

Regards

Shayne was very accomodating! Vibrant place! Food was amazing. Play area was set up for kids. We will definitely comeback

Nice brunch at Serein.  Alaa our server was great. Nice hospitality. Great food and location.

The people who are working here are very great people I had a very good experience in this place, I would like to thank Mr. Abraham, Mrs. Marwa and Mrs Malika, they were very kind..

It’s really nice, the view are amazing and breakfast food is delicious

Under the stewardship & leadership of Maurice, Senior Guest Experience Manager, her team notably Shreejish, Deepak, Alaa, Jatin, Sinan, Marwa had turn around our stay experience to be the best Hilton stay, I used to be a gold member previously however went dislunisioned for a quite a significant period of time however the stay experience this time around at the property had changed everything to the best, seamless, awesome, memorable and cherrished ones, we will continue from this point onwards to use Hilton group of hotels in our travels, Hilton Group senior management and leadership including Mr Naresh should be lucky to have Maurice and her team above on board, Dr L Supramaniam & S Langeswaran

Absolutely amazing service, Alaa was always smiling and friendly.

Excellent delivery of service. Good job Alaa, one of our favourite service man at the Hilton creek. Thanks so much for the wonderful and efficient service to us, keep up the good work

Amazing service, seved by Alaa

The hotel does not have car drop off point .  It has only car drop off point at B3 which is inconvenient to get taxi or uber.  So, we have to walk nearby Marriot for it.

Staying in this hotel was truly a five-star experience. It’s amazing how they made an impact of making the room welcoming and feel like home. I loved how the room had a balcony where we could see the view of Dubai and the view of the swimming pool. The food every morning was exquisite, simple, and savory. The fruits just melt in your mouth. The service of Miss Shayne was accommodating and excellent presence in serving us, the way she checks and asks us if the food meets our expectations. The wanton soup was the star of our meal and I would love to come and visit again.

It was really worth the visit 😍,we had an amazing time the ambiance was top notch ,food was delicious and freshly made and delicious.The staff were so friendly and welcoming .

I am so please and honored to stay here at Hilton Dubai Creek  Hotel and Residences as a Diamond member ,I have and am very loyal to Hilton. Especial thanks to Mohamed Anwar, Clement Sossou, Ezrael, Riki, Marwa, Mariam, Abraham,  Jatin, Chef Sinan and Mr. Jawad Saade, the GM who was really helpful and listened to all my concerns and took a good care of it. I highly recommend this place.
May God bless you all and your love ones
Happy 2026 New Year.

Great service from the reception desk to give us a free drop off or complimentary car to airport. I csnt remember his name but he was checked us in on 27 Dec 25 at 7am ij the morning. The suv ready by the time me and my family checked out at the basement 3 and my family and I arrived on tine at the airport. Thanks

Staff were very friendly and helpful, a big thanks to Mariam who helped us plan our trips when we didn't know how to get to places.

يستاهل ازياره مره أخرى

Alaa

Enjoyed tye experience. Alaa gave very good service

Amazing people amazing location and amazing rooms. Since the time I arrived I was always welcomed with a welcoming smile. Had arrived early with no rooms availability.  Mariam was the person who greeted me with a smile and made sure me and my family was looked after throughout. She's an asset to the hilton team. Thank you .

Lovely stay with kids, apartment room is spacious with a great view of the creek and burj khalifa. breakfast and dinner could do better, and the pool could have been bigger but sufficient. My fave is their restroom, with separated shower and bTh tub, well lit and full functioning kitchen amenities too! great for longterm holidays

Alaa & his team has been serving us breakfast at hilton dubai creek residence, he goes above our expectations. A very nice, professional and humble person.

Hilton should definately give him raise and promotion as well.

Keep up the good work.

One of the worst hotel i checked in . I came around 3 am to check in . They were not at all friendly . I showed the orginal phone booking there was a letter mistake in booking . They were not allowing me to check in . Early morning 3 am which 3rd party app peopel would respond.  He made me wait 1 1/2 hr for check in i had to do 100 off calls . Worst hotel staff and not at all friendly and not listening to the customer . If i type there is a lot i went through . One word i would not reccomned .

No complaints - would stay here again. Compact hotel with everything you need, good location, and nicely appointed rooms. Good finishes throughout. Has parking below.

The hotel is centrally located with almost all attractions well placed. The view of the creek is beautiful. The hotel and the staff were great and always helpful in attending and to care for us considering we were travelling with kids. Specially the restaurant staff was very helpful and considerate in accommodating our requests. Thank you for everything and making the holiday peaceful

I recently visited the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel to cheer on my friends in the boat race competitions and was blown away by the hospitality of the staff, particularly Abraham. He was incredibly helpful, friendly, and professional, and went above and beyond to make my visit enjoyable. His recommendation of the Serein Restaurant was spot on - the food was delicious and I ended up dining there for 3 days straight! The hospitality and warmth I've experienced have convinced me to bring my family back soon. A huge thank you to Abraham and the entire Serein Restaurant team
you've made a loyal customer 🌟👏

We always had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The facilities are clean, well-maintained, and very spacious, making the overall experience extremely comfortable.
A special mention goes to the front office team — Miss Maurice, Riki, and Ezrael — who were always exceptionally warm, professional, and helpful throughout our stay. Their welcoming attitude and attention to detail truly made a difference and made me feel valued as a guest.
Overall, a great experience with excellent service and facilities as always. We would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to staying here again😊

Room, food, and overall service was amazing!!! Big shout out to Clement, Abraham, and Mourice. They took special care of me the whole stay.

We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. More than the luxurious room, we truly appreciated the high standard of service. In particular, a special shout-out to Riki at the front desk, who from day one has been very approachable and accommodating. His professionalism and friendliness, and his willingness to go the extra mile to assist, made our stay even more pleasant. We will definitely come back here. Salute to you Riki🫡

Very pleasant experience…near to creek marina with amazing view. Fully equipped rooms, nice and clean. Will plan again.

We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at Serein.

Relaxing atmosphere, amazing staff -  friendly and accommodating, and ever efficient - thanks to Churchill and Shayne.

The reception was also exceptional - thanks to Riki.

We had the most amazing experience top motch customer service
The Gentleman Abraham was very professional and always ready and willing to assist at all time. Breakfast was delicious and not to mention the evening reception.
Along with the amazing front desk staff..Highly recommended 👌

It was a really nice trip, good food, excellent service and a nice view. Would definitely opt for coming here again and really recommend.

I recently stayed at the hotel and had a wonderful experience. Big thanks to Abraham, front office, for the exceptional service. My room was spacious and comfortable, with great amenities. Highly recommend

We stayed here for a week Mid October and absolutely loved it! Asmi at the reception ensured our stay was just perfect and Anwar from the dining was cheerful as ever, checking in on us everyday with a smile. The buffet had great variety and the king studio apartment was spacious. We woke up to a lovely view of the creek daily. We did feel the housekeeping staff were a bit intrusive because they would enter the room in our absence even when the sign was not on / we didn't ask for them. This was particularly a bother because it felt like they might have touched a couple of our things. Be sure to let the reception know that you don't need housekeeping if you don't! Otherwise a wonderful stay with courteous accommodating staff.

My favorite place to stay! Serene views, exceptional service and close to airport and DIFC. Stay here if you like quiet and clean environment. Also consider this as long stay residence, they have everything you need.

Mohamad Anwar is very very very amazing...best customer service
10/10
Makes us feel welcome.

Anwar was very amazing it was nice staying at Hilton

low quality hotel.

Lovely stay! Thank you to Misheck for the hospitality :)

Ricky at the reception was very helpful and friendly. Really appreciate his help and guidance.
Awesome hotel and amazing staff. Highly recommend

Special thanks to Mr. Ricky at the reception who was very helpful to us and made sure that we are happy with the room that we got.
Mr. ricky and the other staff are super friendly and welcoming. Amazing hotel
Highly recommend.

I had the best time .. everything was perfect.. food is nice.. rooms are big clean and great view but the most important..everyone is super nice..especially John, Maria and Mariam.. thx all

I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to the front office team for their outstanding service during my stay. A special thank you to Catherine and Abraham for their exceptional hospitality and professionalism. Abraham's assistance with directions around the city and helping with our luggage was greatly appreciated. He also made our stay even more enjoyable with his warm welcomes and offers of Arabic coffee. His prompt and respectful service is a true reflection of the Hilton's commitment to excellence. We were fortunate to have him assisting us and would like to express our gratitude for his dedication to making our stay memorable.

Not forgetting Housekeeping Staff Sheen's and Deepak not forgetting B3 reception guarded by Aden and Muhammed
Stayed in room  1803

The worst experience ever
I stayed in many hotels in dubai
This one isn’t 5 star at all
The rooms are disgusting smelly and the carpets are dirty even the elevator has spider home
The team here are not friendly .
I asked for the duty manager twice a day and he is
Not here .
No valet parking
Even when the concierge found me having some bags he didn’t even asked for help
Avoid this hotel
I would give it max 3 star

This is a great hotel, was perfect for our family of 6. Spacious, cozy and well organized. Our room was over looking the creek and it was beautiful at night!
All the staff were exceptionally kind, helpful and yet professional.

We had half board hence we got breakfast buffet and dinner from the ala carte menu, due to dietary restrictions some of the people in our party couldn't have the food from the menu, the servers and the chef really worked wonders and made sure everyone had something good to eat! Remarkable service!

Excellent rooms, attentive and competent staff. I made good friends with the team. Great location and impeccable view.

Had a wonderful stay! The hotel was clean, the staff was incredibly friendly, and the location was perfect. I would definitely recommend it to anyone visiting the area.
a special shout-out to Marwa, Asmy, clement ,Tara and Ahmad. Their warm hospitality really made my trip memorable.

Best place to stay in. They have every nice customer service

Had a wonderful dining experience at Serein! My husband and I appreciated Shayne and the superb service she provided. Her attentiveness and professionalism made a great impression.

had a wonderful experience at this hotel. The food was delicious with a great variety of options, and every meal was fresh and well-prepared. The hospitality was exceptional — the staff were friendly, Anwer was very friendly  welcomging, and always ready to help with anything I needed. The service overall was excellent, fast, and very professional. I truly enjoyed my stay and would definitely come back again. Highly recommended!

The place is great and the service was marvellous, thank you very much Mr Anwar for your worm hospitality

It's a nightmare to find the lobby, the service is friendly but unprofessional. The rooms are big and feel draby and empty without any warmth.

Schönes Hotel

Sehr schönes Apartmenthotel mit großen Zimmern. Die Zimmer sind ruhig. Bis zum Deira City Center sind es 10-15 min zu Fuß.
Parken ist kostenfrei möglich.
Besonderer Dank geht an Churchill und Atharv.

الفندق هذا  من اسوء الفنادق اللي سكنتها الوصول له صعب وأعمال صيانه ومنطقه ميته مره

وفوق هذا دوره المياه وسخانه

وفوق سعره المبالغ فيه

مايستحق قسم بالله هلله

ونطلبهم سرير بيبي كوت للاطفال يقولوا بكره مافي اليوم جاء بكره قالوا مافي تعاملهم سيي جداً

الاطلاله عندهم ع الخور حلوه والتراس

وأخذنا شقه من غرفتين نوم وكانت متكامله لكن والله النظافه ماش مره وفيها ريحه

لا انصح به سيئ للغاية حجزت ليلتين اطلبهم سرير للطفل يقولون غير متاح والفندق اصلن فاضي لايوجد فيه عملاء موقع الفندق فيه صياننه. قوقل ماب يوصلكم في خط ريسيي بعيد عن الفندق. لايوجد خدمات قريبه منه لازم يكون عندك سياره

all good, only thing is only one big bed available, good for family

Nice

Anwar was amazing for us and very kind with everyone
Sidrath & Sinan, his food was very good.
Highly recommend  to come and enjoy.

I had the pleasure of spending my afternoon at the Serein Brunch at Hilton Dubai Creek, and it was nothing short of wonderful. The ambience strikes the perfect balance between elegance and comfort — warm, inviting, and beautifully set up for a relaxed yet refined brunch experience.

Every dish we tried was absolutely delicious, crafted with care and bursting with flavor. It truly felt like a culinary journey worth savoring.

A special mention goes to Churchill, Atharv, Anwar, Say, Alvina and Sinan, whose exceptional service elevated the entire experience. Their attentiveness, warm hospitality, and genuine professionalism made us feel incredibly well taken care of. The entire staff radiates the same energy — friendly, welcoming, and always ready to ensure everything is perfect.

Overall, Serein Brunch is a must-try. Great food, great atmosphere, and an outstanding team that makes the experience truly memorable. - Robi Leonardo, 37, Philippines 🇵🇭

SEREIN Brunch is one of the best places to go. Thank you as always to Chef Sinan, and to the rest of the team Churchill, Atharv, Say, Anwar they made our brunch extra

Anwar was really helpful during our breakfast

كل الشكر والتقدير للأستاذ محمد أنور جداً جداً متعاون ولبق في التعامل وسريع الاستجابة وايجاد الحل في اي امر والترحيب والاستقبال الجميل شكراً استاذ محمد ❤️

وايضاً الف شكر للأستاذه مريم اللطيفه والجميلة متعاونه وبشوشه خدومة جداً جداً وتعتني بالضيوف وبتفاصيل طلباتهم❤️

الشكر موصول لفندق هيلتون على هذا الفريق الراقي ♥️♥️♥️

استاذ محمد انور ، ونعم الشخص صاحب القلب الابيض سريع الاستجابة رغم الزحمة المكان خفيف الروح وبشوش الله يوفقه يارب💙

استاذه مريم ، اجمل إنسانه ماشاءالله تبارك الله الله يوفقها ويسعدها يارب خفيفة الروح وتخدمك بالابتسامة الطيبة والتعامل الراقي الله يوفقها يارب

بكل امانه الاستاذ محمد انور من افضل الناس في المطعم من ناحيه الخدمه وسرعة الاستجابه انسان رائع و محترم و خدوم رغم الناس و الزحمه وكل شي جميل شكرا من القلب 💙

وايضا الاستاذه مريم إنسانه محترمه و بشوشه وخدومه شكرا من القلب
انهي الفندق على الفريق المحترم و رائع 🌹

Hello, I would like to thank the service staff for their excellent behavior and excellent work. In my opinion, they are 20

Excellent stay and wonderful staff!
I had a truly amazing experience at this hotel.

The staff is very welcoming, they make you feel right at home. The car validation for our daily parking is also a breeze! They are pro-active and reach out to us before we even approach the counter

Arrived at 2 in the morning to find our reservation had been cancelled. After some finger pointing I finally got to bed in an amazing room. Don't buy alcohol in restaurant or bars. Outrageous prices.

Very good hotel and views and i like the service specially the cleanings services by prashast  laxmi and Mr Aamir

We really enjoyed the hospitality at the breakfast in the morning. Anwar the manager is highly professional and very friendly as well as going every step extra to make our stay pleasant.   We enjoyed the choices at the breakfast including hot omelet, idli sambhar vada and dosa.  The entire staff is extremely polite and helpful. - Priti & Atul Shah.

Hotel tres sympas calme , personne très professionnel , descret et serviable , Anwar toujours souriant au restaurant et réactif , Marwa est le sourire de l hôtel et la sympathie, et tout le reste leu personnel .
Hotel manque juste d activities et animation pour ceux qui sont intéressé par ce genre de chose .
Si non le calme et le repos sont la .
À refaire avec plaisir pour Noël

We stayed at the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel, and our experience has been exceptional from the moment we arrived. We reached early in the morning and were supposed to get our room only at 3 PM, but the hotel kindly offered us an early check-in. This gesture made a huge difference for us, especially with a baby — after barely sleeping six hours during the flight, getting a room right away was a lifesaver.

A special thanks to Mariam, who was incredibly helpful and made sure we got our room as soon as possible. Her support truly made our first day much easier.

The hotel itself is fantastic — the staff are very friendly, the breakfast is delicious, and the rooms are spacious, clean, and luxurious. We booked an apartment, and I highly recommend it for families. It provides comfort, space, and everything you need for a relaxed stay.

Overall, a great experience and a hotel we would happily return to!

Excellent place to stay. However, getting to the location for the first time can get tricky especially if you are arriving late hours.

We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rooms and facilities in the apartment. There's an adequate supermarket within the complex...a plus.
Check in was easy , staff very courteous and helpful.
Rooms very clean and felt secure. There was a kitchenette in our apartment which was also another big plus. Will happily stay here again and definitely recommend.
The  only thing missing is a microwave!

The service was great and the ambiance, its really suits are day to relax and chill. Great place to bring your family and friends. All in all excellent. 100% we will come back again. 🙂 Special mention to our serve Ms. Chardollian ( i wish the name i mentioned is correct, lol ) Good service and smile. 🙂

We have stayed twice at this hotel in Dubai. The rooms are quite spacious, clean and comfortable. Service is also very good specially from Anwar at the morning buffet. Overall we recommend it.

The place is spacious and well-equipped.

The waiters were very friendly and did a good job of meeting my needs.

The breakfast experience was fantastic, and the view of the sea was very pleasant.

Top location close to airport. Excellent service and top clean rooms.

Very disappointing experience at Hilton Dubai Creek.
I had a confirmed booking and even called the hotel to reconfirm before leaving the airport, but to my shock, my reservation was canceled when I was just 10 minutes away—at 10 p.m.!
When I called, the manager spoke rudely and didn’t even apologize.
Totally unprofessional service, not what you’d expect from the Hilton brand.

تجربة سيّئة جدًّا في فندق هيلتون خور دبي.
كنت قد حجزت مسبقًا، وتواصلت مع الفندق هاتفيًّا لتأكيد الحجز وأبلغتهم بأنني في طريقي من المطار، لكنّني فوجئت عند اقترابي من الفندق (الساعة العاشرة ليلًا) بإلغاء الحجز دون أي إشعار مسبق!
اتصلت للاستفسار، فكلّمني المدير بطريقة غير لائقة ولم يقدّم أي اعتذار.
خدمة غير احترافية إطلاقًا، ولا تليق باسم فنادق الهيلتون العريقة.

Good place and good Service by Anwar

Mohamad anwar is really very nice guy . Care about all of guestes . Thank you so much Mohamad

Good serve from mohd anwar

There’s nothing remotely 5-star about this hotel. The only redeeming part of my stay was the breakfast team, who were genuinely kind and professional — they’re the only reason this review isn’t a single star.

The rest of the property is in serious need of maintenance. The bathrooms are a disaster — drains don’t work, toilet flushes are broken, and murky water actually comes out of the taps. It’s unacceptable for a hotel that markets itself as “luxury.”

Front desk service was polite but unreliable. There’s little regard for Hilton Gold members or loyalty in general. And if you happen to deal with an agent named Riki, good luck — guests can absolutely tell when staff are whispering or exchanging comments about them. It’s unprofessional and uncomfortable.

Overall, this hotel completely misses the mark on what a Hilton 5-star experience should be. I would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone expecting quality, transparency, or basic functionality.

Marien was great and Abraham

I stayed here for a night.

The location of this hotel is not too great as Taxi drops you in basement from where you take elevator and walking from ground floor is possible by entering marriott but it is confusing for the first time.

Apart from this, everything was great. The room which was 1-Bed apartment was spacious and had amazing views. Walking to Diera is possible and can take around 10 minutes.

At check in I requested for late checkout as my flight next day was at night which was accommodated by lady named Malaika, she was kind enough to offer some extra time for checkout.

Being a Silver member they gave me a good creek view room.

My stay overall was very nice.

Excellent location

Had a very great start into our vacation at the Hilton dubai creek hotel, big thank you to Marion for her welcome and check in

The crew was really helpful and professional especially Mr Mohamed Anwar he was supportive

We are in the restaurant. Mohammed Anwar was very professional, kind and helpful.
The brunch recommended.

During my recent stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residence I was impressed from the very beginning.  Before arriving I received a pleasant welcome email providing helpful information about the property and its facilities which I found useful.  On arrival I was greeted by the friendly team in the unusual parking area entrance which felt a little different but worked well.

I made my way to reception on the ground floor and was again welcomed and supported by the team.  Check in was quick and efficient and before long I was on my way to my room.  On arrival I was pleasantly surprised to find a lovely apartment style room with a nice balcony overlooking the creek and hotel pool.  The apartment included a kitchen and dining area, a separate bedroom and a separate bathroom and toilet with all the usual amenities.

The property offers the usual Hilton facilities including a nice restaurant, Shisha bar, spa, gym and a relaxing pool area with a bar available too.  There was also a happy hour in the restaurant for Hilton loyalty members which was a nice touch.  It is worth noting the hotel is just over a year old and the unique entrance  can create some confusion for taxi drivers.  I found that walking to the hotel next door helped as it has a more traditional hotel entrance which made it easier for drivers to locate.

The residence is part of a lovely development on the creekside and the newly opened supermarket close by was ideal for picking up essentials or for a simple meal in the apartment.  The location is convenient for both the airport and the original parts of Dubai which makes it a great base for exploring the city.

Overall I really enjoyed my stay, the team were helpful throughout and the property was always clean and well maintained.  I look forward to visiting again in the future.

Riki was very helpful and attended to all our needs, marwa and suren made our stay very welcoming as well, Definitely recommend this hotel

The spa was amazing, room services are quick n convenient and especially Mr. Riki from the reception took our stay to a whole another level of comfort! Along with Riki, Marwa and Suren have been extremely helpful too. So polite and humble and hospitable, made the whole experience even more worth it!! Best of luck to them!

Par où commencer ?
La pire expérience hôtelière de ma vie et en tout point.
Nous avons séjourné ici 5 jours. Nous étions 4. Même le mot déception n’est pas assez fort pour exprimer notre ressenti.
La chambre était extrêmement sale. Poussière, cheveux dans la cuisine, morceaux de verres par terre ! Hallucinant
Amir « le responsable ménage » n’était pas réceptif DU TOUT. Franchement ça nous a gâché notre première journée car il a fallu insister pour qu’il fasse un VRAI ménage. Donc nous étions coincé avec eux pendant 2h30. Fatiguée et incapable de se reposer.
S’il fallait 2h30 de ménage imaginez à quel point c’était  sale.

Le petit déjeuner est également une grosse mascarade, ils sont dépassés à toutes heure. Il faut demander 4/5 fois pour avoir des tasses. 25 minutes plus tard toujours pas de tasses et on nous explique que c’est normal. Elles sont au nettoyage.
Franchement si vous voulait un minimum de propreté et un service juste basique n’allez pas dans cet établissement.
Ils ont la flemme de tout et ne sont vraiment pas sérieux. Perte de temps, frustration et perte d’argent pour nous. (Room 907)

Very nice restaurant service especially mohamed anwar

The hotel offers excellent rates and outstanding value for money.

I know this place from day one it's just getting better every time I visit if there's more then 5* will put

Exceptional service ,friendly and welcoming staff .

Excellent stay and wonderful staff!
I had a truly amazing experience at this hotel. The reception team was extremely friendly, welcoming, and professional. Everyone I met had such a kind heart and made me feel at home from the very first moment.

A special thank you to Clement, Asmi, Riki, and Abraham for their exceptional service, warm smiles, and helpfulness throughout my stay. Your kindness and attention to detail made my time here unforgettable.

I also want to thank the entire hotel staff for their great work and hospitality. Everything—from the cleanliness of the rooms to the atmosphere of the hotel—was perfect.

I had a very good time and would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for comfort, friendliness, and great service.

Amazing

The service was really over the top, specially Churchill & shane.

We had a brunch buffet at Serein and enjoyed the food and the service, special mention to Churchill.
Main course had limited options but it was good, I'm not gonna say its the best but made us filled and satisfied.
We appreciate that they prepared a cake and sang happy birthday for one of my friends.
Thanks also to Shayne, Anwar, Chef Sinan & Jatin. We'll come back again next time.

I enjoyed the Saturday brunch at Serein. The view is fantastic and the food is good.

Amazing views
Superb breakfast, with special thanks  to Mr Anwar, who made sure everything was excellent

My Review of Hilton Dubai Creek

I stayed at Hilton Dubai Creek for two nights, from October 26 to 28, booked directly through Hilton. I had planned to extend my stay until October 30, but I couldn’t because the service was very poor.

From the moment I arrived, the experience was disappointing. I had mentioned in my booking that it was my birthday, but no one paid attention. When I reminded the staff, they just said, “Okay, tomorrow when you check out and the room is cleaned, please call us so we can put a greeting card for you.” This response was careless and made me feel completely unappreciated.

The room itself was old and worn out. We even found a cockroach in the bed! The room smelled strongly of cigarettes, even though I had specifically requested a non-smoking room.

Overall, it was a terrible and unpleasant stay. I will not return to this hotel again — a very disappointing experience.

I recently celebrated my birthday dinner at Serein and had an exceptional experience. The food was outstanding, and the service was impeccable. My sincere thanks to Shayne for the excellent service, the kitchen team for the wonderful meal, and Maurice for the warm hospitality.

من الفنازب الخمس نجوم في خور دبي

Received very well in reception and service in general is excellent , all are friendly

Excellent service and pleasant staff. Kudos to Churchill, Ms. Maurice, and staff for the great service.

I would like to thank Maurice for her kind hospitality during my stay. Suren was just amazing—he went above and beyond to ensure I was comfortable throughout my time here. Nitin & his team at breakfast were absolutely superb and made the mornings extra special with their excellent service!

Service in the restaurant was great, staffs are accomodating and welcoming especially Churchill. Just that the parking area was a bet confusing, it took us like 15 to 20 minutes to locate the right parking area for Hilton.

We went for brunch at Seren Restaurant & Pool Lounge in Hilton Towers, Dubai and honestly, 10/10, would brunch again! 💅 The food was perfection. I’m still dreaming about that salmon poke bowl. Churchill’s golden recommendation 👏 and the shrimp aglio olio.... divine! 🍤💖

Big shoutout to Churchill and Maurice for accomodating us with good vibes, quick service, and zero attitude. We love that energy! 😍🍽️✨🤗👑

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
We had such a lovely brunch celebrating my sister’s friend’s birthday! Everything about our visit was amazing. Our server, Churchill, was so friendly, professional, and made sure we had everything we needed. The food, prepared by Chef Sinall, was absolutely delicious — every plate was full of flavor and beautifully presented.
The atmosphere was perfect for a celebration — relaxed, welcoming, and full of great energy. It truly felt special, and we appreciated the extra care and attention from the staff.
Thank you, Churchill and Chef Sinall, for making our brunch such a wonderful experience! We’ll definitely be back again soon. 💖✨

Thank you, Churchill, for your exceptional customer service, and Chef Sinall for the best brunch selection.

Serein offers a relaxing dining in a space that feels calm, inviting, and full of heart. That’s  made even better and thanks to the warmth of staff like Churchill and the culinary brilliance of Chef Sinan. There’s something effortlessly soothing about being greeted by someone who truly enjoys making guests feel at home, and that’s where Churchill shines

Chef Sinan is the kind of chef whose passion speaks through every plate. His menus beautifully balance comfort and culture, weaving traditional flavors with warmth and finesse.

We truly enjoyed dining here today as we celebrated our wedding anniversary. ❤️ Everything was perfect — the food was delicious, the quality and aroma were amazing, and the view was beautiful.

A special thanks to Sheyn for her wonderful service — she made our experience even more memorable. 🙏 We’ll definitely come back again with our friends. Such a lovely and presentable place!

Well appointed suites with pelagic vistas of the creek. Breakfast was great Mohammed Anwari was great and attentive. Excellent service!

Clean and comfortable stays in Hilton the stuff was super
mr celemnt i hope the spelling correct
Thanks for your helping and welcoming

Mohammed Anwar at breakfast very kind and helpful

We had the best and memorable time
It was my hubbys bd . But I must say the service is so exceptional when it comes to stuff . Rahul made it memorable for us . I highly recommend this place . SEREIN IS A PLACE TO BE

I had a wonderful experience at Hilton Dubai Creek thanks to Ahmed at the reception. He was extremely professional, polite, and always ready to help with a smile. His excellent service and kind attitude truly made my stay memorable. Thank you, Ahmed, for your outstanding hospitality

Amazing experience with awesome staff, Marwa was more than professional and dedicated in helping the guest and make everything easy for you. Thank you once again Marwa for ensuring our accommodation was truly exceptional.👏

Thanks for the great stay .. enjoyed our time .. Thanks to the whole great staff specially "Marwa" for her professionalism and kindness during our stay. Recommended alot.

Great place,  food and excellent service… Visited here for brunch with our friend bday… shout out to Churchill for assisting us to our order with a her friendly beautiful smile always😊😊😊

Excellent breakfast, very professional Chef nice service with Athrav and Albina. Thank you

Un réceptionniste tres accueillant mes deux agents condescendants qui sont à la limite de l'arrogance !!!!

GITEX행사로 방문했었던 두바이의 피곤한 일정을 너무 만족스럽게 마무리할 수 있었습니다.
프론트에서 안내해 주신 매니저들도 너무 친절히 대응해주셔서 기분 좋게 머물었습니다.
기대보다 더 좋은 퀄리티와 서비스를 제공받았고 야경 역시 좋은 추억으로 남았습니다.
다음 번에도 머물고 싶은 숙소입니다~

An Absolutely Amazing Experience
Can't wait to return

Very nice place and very kind stuff

Great accomodation, good facilities.the hotel staff were great and very helpful.

Extraordinary property located right at the creek. Everything about the place is splendid and perfect. Creek view rooms are extra special as you can see the entire panorama of Dubai. Special mention of Mr Anwar, he is amazing and made our breakfasts extra special( great asset to Hilton)…. Keep up the good work mates …. Cheers

I eat bfast and one of the server she kind and nice … her name Churchill

Went for the Brunch and Bask at Serein on a Saturday and loved it! The view from the restaurant is amazing and the ambiance is cozy. The appetizers were served buffet-style and the main courses on a per order basis but unlimited servings which was great as I personally loved the salmon poke bowl. What stood out was the service from Churchill who took care of us with her very pleasing personality. She made sure that we were well taken care of and that all are requests were accommodated as much as she can. This is the kind of service that will definitely make us want to come back. Also special mention to Anward for his very warm welcome. We felt so comfortable the moment we stepped in. Keep up the great work!

The food was delicious and the ambiance at Serein was perfect for a relaxing and enjoyable brunch experience. Thanks to Ms. Churchill for happily assisting us and being friendly the whole time 🌼 Overall, it was a delightful and memorable meal.

I had an absolutely wonderful experience at Serein! From the moment I walked in, everything felt welcoming and elegant. The atmosphere is cozy yet sophisticated — perfect for brunch, a relaxed dinner and a special occasion.

A special thanks to Jatin, who was incredibly attentive, kind, and professional. She made sure everything was perfect throughout the brunch — his recommendations were spot on, and his friendly attitude really made our visit memorable.
Also, a big shoutout to Albina, the waiter, for the warm welcome and exceptional hospitality. She went above and beyond to make sure we had the best table and everything we needed.

The food was absolutely delicious — beautifully presented, full of flavor, and clearly made with care. Every dish was a delight!

Amazon food and service with special thanks to Mohamed Anwar and Albina

We tried the Saturday brunch at Serein restaurant. Very delicious food and friendly staff. Special thanks to Mr Mohamed Anwar.

The restaurant has a beautiful view. It offers a variety of options, and the food tastes delicious.
The service is excellent, especially from Mohamed Anwar at Sirene  Restaurant.

Mohamed Anwar welcomed us very nicely, perfect place and wonderful food.
Super healthy food deserve 10 stars 🌟 🤩

Cleanliness, staff & service, amenities, property conditions & facilities, eco-friendliness.

The hotel smells so good and feels very fresh. The staff are truly amazing — special shout-out to the waitress Churchill May, the pool staff, and the security team. They are all so friendly, professional, and helpful. Excellent experience overall!

Sweet food
Nice environment
Plus calm service from Miss Madinah

Thanks for the good services
Well served by Ms Madinah
Thanks
Like the place as well
Clean rooms
Sweet and delicious food

هادئ *نظيف *خدمه ممتازه   اسلوب الي بلاستقبال جميللل
ورحب 🌸

I like the Services offered by Madinah

Everything was perfect , the rooms , View & breakfast ..

Mohammed Anwar while the breakfast time was so helpful , kind and always smiling ..

Thanks Hilton , Thanks Mohammed Anwar .

Herşey icin teşekkür ederim konumu hizmeti ve çalışanları cok iyi güler yüzlü her konuda yardımcı oluyorlar anwar bey ve chef sinan beye ayrıca teşekkür ederiz cok ilgilendiler

الله يعطيك العافيه يا محمد انور
كل شي ممتاز وانسان خدوم وطيب وروحه مرحه ومبتسم

الفندق جدا ممتاز والعاملين في الفندق جدا ودودين وفيه احترام واضح للنزيل فشكرا لجميع طاقم العمل
اشكر خصوصا الأخت مليكه تعامل وأسلوب راقي .. شكرا مليكه ..

Anwar was really warm and helpful. Great hospitality.

Nice view & excellent service

Great hotel, even better service.
Breakfast was amazing. Muhammad Anwar was a great host along with rest of the staff.
Definitely would go back

One of the most amazing hotels I’ve been to. Great service and amazing staff. You will enjoy a wonderful stay and have a unique experience.

Beautiful hotel
Yet the staff are another level.....
It's my 2nd visit to the hotel fitness/gym today.
I am a holder of elite club membership and this is how I am granted access to use the facility.
Every time I report to the spa reception to display my membership, the spa reception staff has no idea about elite club membership nor how to redeem the access voucher.
The gym is access card restricted. No one is ever available to grant the access as it is a corridor walk away from the spa reception.
Every time I visit it is a commotion and a waiting game wasting time.
The receptionist or I have to go to the pool area to fetch the attendant from there to redeem my voucher and grant access to the gym.
Today the pool attendant did not even have the access card for the gym.
And when I initially requested the spa receptionist to grant access to the gy., she told me this is spa reception
To what I answered I am a guest here and I do not care this is a spa reception
I am asking to be granted access to the gym....

It is just sad such venues have 5 stars rating yet no staff to live up to that mark and match up to the 5 star experience....

All the best to this hotel and its business and guests. Today is the 2nd and last time I will be giving chances to such poor operation with zero understanding of guest experience.

Lovely and friendly service from Anwar and his colleagues!

Loved the room and the view, Fantastic service particularly from Mr. Clement at the front office, He was super supportive, understanding and hospitable. Will definitely come again!!

Anwar!! the best guy!!! 10/10 have me a nice table outside with view!

Good environment, friendly staff and plenty of food

First time here in Dubai and not my last because of my staying at the Hilton Hotel, it was absolutely outstanding. I really loved my time spent among the friendly, lovely and welcoming staff, Anwar was assuring people had everything during breakfast and asking that the food was good for them and assisting if needed. 5 stars to everyone working at this hotel. Always ready to assist and help you anytime you need. Highly recommended to those who are flying over in Dubai.  Thank you

Mr. Anwar, Mr. Jatin his colleagues provided us a wonderful dining experience and has been helpful throughout our stay.

While we were in the reception Mr. Clement is the one who entertained us, he is very helpful and very attentive with our enquiries, highly recommended

الفندق راقي وهدوء  جدا والاستقبال كانت وحده اسمه مريم. قمه في الرقي وتعامل  الجميل

Location is nice place is super clean

Çok güzel bir otel. Kahvaltı süperdi çok fazla çeşit var, Sinan Şefe ayrıca teşekkürler canımız ne istese hazırladı. Odalar temiz ve ferah. Hergün temizlediler odamızı. Çalışanlar çok güler yüzlü.

First stay at this property. Staff are friendly.

However so many issues with the property itself, feels like the build quality is very low:
Electric door lock needed resetting after multiple visits to reception
Shower blocked
Sink blocked
Ac faulty
No light at the workspace
Internet is slow at 9mbps, barely enough for a teams call
Unable to walk on the waterfront as there is construction in both directions
Minimal facilities

I’ve spent my afternoons at the Marriott property next door which is far superior. Would not stay again.

My first experience with this beautiful hotel @Hilton Creek Dubai was super lovely nice. Rooms and everything was so amazing. I had amazing breakfast I served with Mrs Madinah and Mr Anwar. Chief Sijo. Thank you so much for good service.

Mariem and Pranjal both staff are really helpful and support, just because of them we have this property thrice.

Thanks for your support May Allah bless you both

Hk GOVINDA does his house keeping job with professional and his personality is topnotch, making sure the rooms are kept clean and comfortable for living.

We celebrated our friend’s birthday at the restaurant and everything was perfect. Shayne took great care of us, the chef made such delicious food, and MJ made the day extra special. Really thankful for the great service and wonderful experience. We’ll definitely be coming back!

I celebrated my birthday at Serein and had an excellent experience. The food was delicious, the ambience was cozy, and the staff were very accommodating making sure we were well taken care of throughout the evening. True hospitality at its finest.

Anwar and Jatin at the Serien Restuarant were extremely professional and completely turned our experience around. We went from being unsatisfied customers ready to leave the brunch, to extremely happy ones who would definitely return. The way they handled the situation made a huge difference — people who work from the heart, like them, are truly rare

The Serein brunch was lovely! Highly recommend!

Food is very good , big serving, chef was able to check on us which very good 👍🏻 shayne is very accommodating and we were taken care good. Jithin is also same very accommodating and he was good on surprise cake greeting as one of our friend is celebrating her birthday. Thank you so much for the full team we really enjoyed our brunch!

Very cozy place and accommodating staff namely shaine

فندق جميل وخدمة راقية ولكن بالرغم من جمال موقعه لا يمكنك الوصول للمحلات الا عن طريق التاكسي ولا يوجد خدمة نقل مجانية للطرف الاخر.. اسعار المطعم  ومقهى الشيشة مرتفع جدا .. انصح به اذا كنت من محبين الجلوس في الفندق ولاتهمك الاسعار

I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel. The hotel is very clean and well-maintained, and my room was spacious and spotless. The staff are incredibly kind and welcoming — a special thanks to Riki, who made my check-in process smooth and easy. His kindness left a great impression. Overall, all the hotel staff I met were warm and professional, which made my stay even more enjoyable.

من ابرز الاشياء التي اعجبتني في فندق هيلتون دبي كريك ريزيدينسز هو تعامل الموظفين بصراحة تعامل راقي جدا وخاصة الجميلتين مريم التونسية وموريس اللتان تبذلان كل مايستطيعون من اجل خدمة النزلاء بالفندق
احد اهم اسباب عودتي للاقامة في هذا الفندق الرائع هوا التعامل والخدمة الرائعه من مريم وموريس وهذا ان دل على شيء انما يدل على الاختيار الذكي والدقيق من قبل ادارة هيلتون لموظفيها .
شكرا مريم وشكرا موريس
وشكرا هيلتون .
Abdullah Alqahtani 🇸🇦

Great experience
Special thanks to Ms. PranjaL for her high standarad professionalism

On a passé 8 jours là-bas pendant les vacances.
Très beau hôtel, ça sent bon.
Propreté des chambres rien à dire, les agents de sécurité très courtois service impeccable.
La nourriture était bonne, très bon service aux tables. Les employés très gentils.

Deux problèmes. Ils ne veulent pas qu’on amène la nourriture dans les chambres, les travaux à l’extérieur font beaucoup de bruit. Pour les taxis et autres c’est très difficile pour l’accès en voiture.

Appart ca bonne expérience

Je recommande

Amazing ambience

My stay at this hotel was truly amazing! The facilities exceeded expectations, and the staff were exceptional—always very helpful, attentive, and welcoming. They made the experience even more memorable. Highly recommend!
Sir Riki made it sure all our complimentary request was accomplished for as we came as a staycation for my husbands birthday. Our family was truly grateful for this experience.

Overall a great hotel, with staff that are outstanding and always friendly, as expected of Dubai.

As much as I want to give it five stars, I have to drop it down a little bit because the rooms themselves did have a few issues: one of our rooms didn't have hot water, and another had the doors to the bedroom and bathroom that would lock themselves (so neither the bathroom or bed were accessible at first).

Also, the hotel itself is a little awkward to get to right now as the Jewel of the Creek tunnel puts you into an underground carpark which only a fraction of taxi drivers are familiar with. Though I do believe this might be less of an issue with time, as we stayed during all of the construction work going on around the Jewel of the Creek, so nothing was walkable from the hotel and taxis were required for everything.

Going back to the good points: I do want to reiterate that the staff were all excellent and eager to please. We all enjoyed the breakfast -- I really loved the shakshuka especially. We also did have a late lunch at the hotel restaurant where the portions were massive.

They deserve more

Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences provided an outstanding stay from start to finish. The rooms were spacious, elegantly designed, and offered beautiful views of the Dubai Creek.

Service was top-notch across the board,
Huge thanks to

Front office staff Maurice, Catherine, Suren and Riki
F&B manager Mohammed and his entire team.

Housekeeping staff on 16th floor Govinda and Nabraj

Pool Attendant and lifeguard Jasmine, Thisaru, Peter

Only suggestion would be, to add more anti slip mats around swimming pool area. The floor is too slippery. I myself almost fall down.

Every staff member we encountered was warm, attentive, and professional. Dining options were excellent, and the rooftop pool added a wonderful touch to our downtime.

The location is very convenient very close to both the airport and the city’s main attractions.

This property is ideal for both business and leisure travelers.
I would Highly recommended

Staff members friendly and the room are really nice

فندق نظيف وواسع لكن المواقف والخدمات غير منوفره

أنا وزوجي تعشينا في مطعم سيرين - التجربة كانت رائعة من ناحية الأكل والخدمات ، لفت انتباهي معاملة السيد محمد انور كان في منتهى الأخلاق …. ودود ومبتسم معانا ومع باقي الزباين ….
أتمنى له التوفيق و النجاح

أكلنا في مطعم هيلتون وكان الأكل جدا لذيذ ولذيذ أسم المطعم سيرين وكان الأخ الكريم / محمد انور لقد كان خدماته جدا ممتازة ورائعه

We were truly impressed by both the service and the food. Everyone was exceptionally professional. Our heartfelt thanks go especially to Chef Sinan for his outstanding culinary creations and to Mr. Anwar for his warm hospitality and impeccable attention to detail.

فندق جميل وإطلالة وهادئة ويتكرر والموظفة مريم م شاء الله مكسب للمكان ممتازة وماقصرت معنا بكل شي وخدمتنا كثير الله يعطيها العافية ❤️❤️

This isn’t just another brunch spot it’s an absolute experience that you cannot miss

amazing and if you run in to shane and say you will be served the best so come here it is amazing

VERY CLEAN and SPACIOUS ROOM. NICE and FRIENDLY TEAM, SPEACIAL THANKS TO Receptionist MARWA👍👍👍

Great service at the reception! [mariam & marwa] was very friendly, professional, and helpful, which made my stay even more enjoyable.”

للامانه افضل موظفة شفتها mariem أخلاق وتعامل طيبة وتعاون اشكر ادارة الفندق على الموظفين

Had a wonderful time during my stay. The hotel is strategically located with a popular shopping centre close by and a few minutes' drive to the airport. The rooms are modern and the staff are wonderful. I strongly recommend.

Hilton Dubai creek hotel & resturant is a very good location and very cheap price room and good service very friendly staff

I am happy with trip.com

Loved the hotel. Really good. Great staff and location. Would definitely recommend others

The best receptionist Marwa , she’s very helpful and smiling. I recommend Marwa very much

Excellent service from Mohamed Anwar, very professional and friendly.

A special thanks goes first to Mr. Mohamed Anwar, the Food & Beverage Manager, for his warm and professional service, and to Chef Sinan for the delicious and beautifully prepared dishes. They both made the experience outstanding.

I had a wonderful dining experience at Hilton Dubai Creek. The food was delicious and the service was truly outstanding. Special thanks to Mohamed Anwar for his warm hospitality and to Chef Silvan for the amazing dishes – both made our visit unforgettable. Highly recommended!

I had a wonderful experience at the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel & Residences, Seren restaurant. The staff were extremely friendly and welcoming, especially Mohamed Anwar and Chef Sinan, who went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect.

The food was absolutely delicious — full of flavor and beautifully prepared. You can really feel the passion and care that goes into every dish.

Overall, it was a delightful dining experience, and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for great service and amazing food.

Restaurants serein
Les plats ont été  délicieux et raffinés. L’ambiance et conviviale avec vue sur mer
Anwar a été au petit soin
Le seul bémol a été l’itinéraire indisponible sur Google maps et ont a du appeler pour nous l’envoyer

The restaurant serein was very good we enjoyed Shayne is very nice

I recently had the pleasure of staying at Hilton Dubai Creek Residences, and I cannot speak highly enough about the incredible experience we had from start to finish.
From the moment we arrived, the level of service was nothing short of outstanding. The reception team set the tone for our stay — I would like to give a special thank you to Ms. Meriem and Ms. Marwa, who welcomed us with genuine warmth, efficiency, and professionalism. Their attention to detail and thoughtful assistance made us feel valued and truly at home.
To our delight, they also surprised us with a complimentary upgrade from a 1-bedroom apartment to a beautiful 2-bedroom residence. The suite was spacious, elegantly designed, and offered panoramic views of the iconic Dubai Creek and the stunning Burj skyline. Waking up to that view is truly magical!
Our dining experience was equally memorable. We had the pleasure of dining at Serein Restaurant, where we were graciously looked after by Shayne, whose service was impeccable. Shayne’s friendliness, professionalism, and genuine passion for hospitality added a personal touch that made every meal special. The food was excellent, with a variety of dishes that catered to both local and international tastes.
The hotel itself is modern, spotless, and thoughtfully maintained, with all the amenities one could need for a comfortable, relaxing, and luxurious stay. Whether you’re visiting Dubai for business or leisure, Hilton Dubai Creek Residences offers the perfect blend of comfort, service, and location.
To the entire team — thank you for making our stay so memorable. We are already looking forward to returning and will be recommending your property to friends, family, and colleagues without hesitation.

Very good

Really disappointed with the management i had an medical emergency so I can't able to travel and I was calling at the reception and the reservation department they did not even help me to change the dates and lady at the reservation department took my number so the can manager call me to help me but no one called because he just don't want to help so I need up wasting my money for just nothing

Overall very nice experience

كل شي كان رائع

Hotel was great and thanks Adan, he was very helpful

Coffee Shop, Mr Ritesh is very friendly and helpful and always greets the customers with sunshine smiles.  He’s so professional.  Many thanks to him.

Thank you Ahammed for your support B3

Mr. Clement is very helpful and the stay was really nice.

pick up for rideshares difficult to navigate but overall great experience. Ahmed was wonderful

Beautiful creek view, delicious food, and great service.  perfect brunch spot

thanks to Mr Anwar Mohamed f&B manager always positive vibes and Tammany helpfulness maurice, catherine, suren and riki kindness.

Thanks to staff maurice, catherine, suren and riki good service

Amazing staying  thanks to maurice, catherine, suren and riki

Nice hospitality thanks to maurice, catherine, suren and riki

Ms. Shyane and Albina was amazing, they are very accommodating and attentive. Will definitely comeback for them.   Keep going girls.

Govinda and Nabraj provide excellent cleaning and service support.

Very good hotel, excellent services. Thanks to the reception staff. Thanks to Ms. Marwa, the receptionist. The cleanliness and services are excellent. The location and view are excellent.

Desayuno muy rico y servicio excelente muy profesional

As a Hilton Diamond member, I have stayed many places around the world, and there are a few that feel like home.  This Hilton Creek Hotel and Residence is one of those feel at home places for me.  The location is convenient to the airport and in a place in Deira where old Dubai and new are minutes away.  The hotel is not the star though, truly the best part of each stay over the last 2 years is the staff.  I want to personally thank all of the staff, especially the following staff: Asmi, Riki, Mauric, and Jahangir to name a few.

Thank you for making me feel at home!

Very Nice hôtel with good view and the location is perfect 10mn from airport and Downtown, the room are fresh clean and beautiful, the restrooms is a piece of art 🖼️ the staff is very professional especially Rikki and Marwa in the reception I recommended

It was a pleasant stay at this property while Suren and Riki appreciated your excellent service

Always great place for a family stay, nice rooms and very friendly and supportive staffs. Special shoutout to Suren from front office, very helpful and always make sure the guests' expectations are met. Keep up the great hospitality and looking forward to staying in mid of September as well.

Had an amazine experience special thanks to Suren

Great room, fully equipped, great space, great service by Marwa, conveniently only 10 mins to airport. Will definitely come back.

my husband and I had a lovely stay at the hotel. The staff are really nice specially Maurice at the reception who assigned a room for us with a beautiful view of the creek and we enjoyed watching the sunset from our balcony.  Im certainly coming back very soon. Thank you and keep it up. Until next time.

Awesome staff members all around. Guman and Asmi have been super helpful:)

A really good Saturday Brunch!! Food was great, huge selection and friendly staffs.
Thank you to Shayne and Albina, keep up the good work!! We will visit again!!

It was an awesome dining experience.  Huge selection of freshly baked pastries, good nuts and cheeses as well as salads. The main course had so many options tried 3-4 dishes and it was all outstanding. Quality and quantity are top notch.
Big thank you to Shayne, she was welcoming and very approachable. She had explained the entire dining concept including the recreation facilities which we can also enjoy.  Big thank you also to Albina & Janthi.

Impressive dining experience from the food and service. We will definitely come back!

The brunch experience was great. The food was exquisite and the service was exemplary. Shout out to Riki from reception and Shayne & Maurice my girls from brunch. Thank you.

Very good hotel

Amazing service Jamirul was incredible so helpful !!

Excellent experience and I will definitely return to the hotel when I come to Dubai. Thank you to the reception, especially Miss Marwa, for her good and distinguished work.

Very good service! Especially very professional service during Happy Hour by Mr. Pranjal!

Excellent and professional team specially Mr RIKI at Respection. Best Wishing for all the team.
Zahid Ahmad

距离机场近，对于短期停留方便，服务热情，尤其是接待Jaham很热心

Mariem and Asmi
Thank you for the kind and professional service at the reception. The staff were very helpful and made my stay comfortable. I really appreciate your assistance and hospitality.”

It was a wonderful and beautiful experience everywhere in the hotel and I hope that everyone comes to this place. It is very beautiful to spend an enjoyable night there with its enjoyable view of Dubai Creek and enjoy the people at the reception who are very wonderful.

My stay was wonderful and meaningful. I truly appreciate Asmi for the warm hospitality and excellent service. Highly recommended!

Das Hotel liegt sehr schön am Dubai Creek. Die Zimmer sind modern eingerichtet, wir haben ein Appartement bekommen mit Balkon mit einen wunderschönen Blick auf dem Burj Khalifa und den Creek! Das Restaurant ist zu empfehlen zum Frühstück, Lunch und Abendessen!

Such a nice hotel with amazing views ! Very neat and clean and looks new! The breakfast is so yummy ! From the time we arrived the ladies at the reception are so welcoming and very sweet ! Marissa , Mariam & Asmi they made sure my requests for my sister’s birthday are all accommodated ! Will definitely be coming back !

اتقدم بخالص أتقدم بجزيل الشكر والامتنان للسيد أحمد والسيدة mariam من طاقم فندقكم المحترم، على حسن الاستقبال وكرم الضيافة والخدمة الراقية التي قدمتموها خلال فترة إقامتي.

لقد كنتم مثالاً للّباقة والاحترافية، وكان لتعاونكم الدائم وحرصكم على راحتنا الأثر الكبير في جعل إقامتنا مميزة ومريحة.

شكراً لابتسامتكم الدائمة، ولحرصكم على أدق التفاصيل. أنتم فعلاً واجهة مشرّفة للفندق، ونموذج يُحتذى به في حسن التعامل مع الضيوف

Beautiful restaurant with a fantastic view in the Hilton hotel. Good food, extensive breakfast buffet. Very friendly and polite staff. Waitress Shayne did an excellent job of making sure we didn't miss anything.
The hotel is well located near the creek and the airport. There is also a shopping center nearby.

الفندق جدًا جدًا جميل ولو فيه 10 نجوم يستاهلونها الصراحه وقليله بحقهم الغرف شرحه وتفتح النفس والرائحه جميله والتصميم جمييل جدًا ومن تدخل يرحبون فيك كانك داخل بيتهم خصوصا الموظفه مريم (mariem)على الرسبشن عسسل والبتسامه ماتفارقها وماقصرت خلال مده اقامتي كامله واي شيء تحتاجه فقط اتصل وهي تخدمك والموظف احمد(Ahmad) في بالبدروم Basement (B3)جدًا محترم وخلوق الحاجة

The hotel stay is pleasant. few points to consider when booking this property.

CON - The map pinned on the website/app does not bring you to the hotel lobby. Access is through the basement which is difficult to navigate especially when you're a tourist in Dubai. Guest service is difficult to reach, there were times when my calls were disconnected without explanation. The water temperature in the master's bedroom is extremely difficult to regulate, either too hot or too cold, clearly requires a PhD to balance. Engineering sent to check didn't fix it. I had 4 room key cards, only one is working properly. Breakfast selection is limited, which is disappointing given the high price.

PRO - Breakfast service by Tanmay is a standout! He's attentive, polite, and provides excellent service, definitely ask for him when dining at the property. The room and apartment are spacious, including a large balcony (though the view overlooks a construction site). If you’re looking for a great spa experience, I recommend Wellbeings Holistic Healing Spa, located at the property next door -  Marriott Bonvoy.

Had a brunch with my family. Anwar and the gang all are lovely and phenomenal people! All of them deserve a raise!

Fantastic service, delicious food, and a beautiful view. A special thank you to Shayne for the warm welcome.

Amazing experience, I absolutely loved the food thanks to Chef Sinan for making my family’s tummy so happy and full they couldn’t move haha.
Mr Anwar was so sweet he came to our table and asked personally if everything was okay made us feel truly valued. We were served by most wonderful Tanmay I loved his service his smiley face made our brunch even more amazing, we took his recommendations while choosing from the menu and he recommended the best items. Last but not the least Ms Shayne was absolutely brilliant as well from start to the end.

The location is great but the noise is not, there is a club playing music exceptionally loudly outside our bedroom window. The club closes at 1am so definitely no sleep for us!

A really great Hilton staffed with super-friendy people. Only the location in a not-too-wonderful area of the city took the shine off the stay. I am sure it will be better once all the works are completed nearby.
But don't let this put you off getting the full Hilton experience!

Really had a great time in Leeds.The hitel is very central and right next door to leeds train station which handy if you need to go places.The staff in the hitel was amazing and i would like to give a a great thanks to Riaaz who reallly made my stay very enjoyable. He was amazing and help with all our needs in the hotel.The breakfast is good value for 15 pound and food was nice . I will be back there Thanks to the Hilton Leeds City Staff 10 0ut of 10

Great room. Great food. Great service from Adrian and Teag

Worst hotel I have stayed in and I have been to dozens of countries around the world travelling. Not 4 star hotel, more 2 star hotel.

1) Inconsistent room service. Some days towels can go missing (not replaced), room only half serviced with bed sheets not done, water bottles not replaced, bins not emptied, shower conditioner not replaced. Had to call the evening team 3 times during our stay to correct these issues. Rooms are dated. My friend with dust allergies found it worse in the rooms than outside. Asked for a vacuum but probably didn't happen.

2) Awful toilet smell on the ground floor pretty much throughout the stay when we you wish to go out in the city.

3) I recommend not to book this place if you plan to bring a car. The car park has extremely tight corners and 3 side by side slots will only fit 2 cars otherwise you cannot get out. Only very experienced parkers will leave without damage to the car manoeuvring through here.

4) Laundry service forgot to bring my clothes to my room. Had to collect myself at the reception.

5) Slippers apparently meant to be in the room but apparently they forgot.

6) overcharged us for umbrella use. We brought back the umbrellas within the 48 hr rental but they still charged 20 GBP per umbrella.

7) when asked how my stay was, I mentioned I was honest and said it was rubbish. The reception staff just ignored it not really keen on asking the reasons.

Location was the only thing that was good. Please consider going to any other hotel. This is not the standard you expect from Hilton and has put me off the Hilton brand completely.

I WOULD NOT STAY HERE AGAIN AND IM STAFF OF A HILTON. I stayed here recently for a concert. Paid extra for the car park which stated in tiny words tight corners. I anticipated that but not how tight the corners actually were that bumper pads were installed to the walls but were that damaged for other people's cars I damaged my own vehicle. I spoke to the manager who said he doesn't even like parking there due to how bad it is. But wouldn't accept responsibility or give me anything back from paying for my parking as I refused the go back into that car park. I emailed the complaints department twice (stated they respond within 3 days it's been a week) and still heard nothing back. The amount of bad reviews on the car park and them saying they will look into it yet still nothing has been done is shocking. I now have nearly £2000 damages on my car. So if you have anything bigger than a fiat 500 don't bother with the car park.

We had a really lovely stay at Hilton Leeds City. From the moment we arrived, we were made to feel incredibly welcome. Our room was already set up before we’d even gone back to collect our luggage and bring our baby in, which made everything so much easier for us. The travel cot had been prepared in advance, and when we mentioned the room felt a little chilly for our little one, a heater was brought to us straight away—such thoughtful and attentive service.

The room itself was modern, compact, and very clean, with everything we needed for a comfortable stay. Breakfast was lovely, with a great selection to start the day.

A special thank you to Riaz for making us feel so welcome and taking the time to explain everything clearly—we really appreciated it.

Compared to our stay at Hilton Harrogate the day before, this experience was a lot better. Great location, great atmosphere, and we felt completely relaxed throughout our stay. Highly recommended!

Lovely staff on the front desk and a great location but there are a few things that let it down. 1. There is a bad smell in the lift area of the ground floor. 2. We were there for three days and something has been spilled from the footpath in to the lifts and made the floor sticky but nobody cleaned it up for ages. 3. The shower curtain-must be there since the 1980’s. Reinvestment badly needed. We have stayed in Hilton hotels before and this one lets the chain down badly.

I had a fantastic experience at the Hilton Leeds City. The hotel itself is superb — very clean, well-maintained, and with great facilities that made our stay really comfortable.||What truly stood out, though, was the exceptional service from Kae at reception. I had originally booked a room for my wife and son, but the bed felt a little smaller than expected. When I mentioned this to Kae, she went above and beyond to help us. She kindly checked availability and upgraded us to a family suite, which made a huge difference to our stay.||Kae was incredibly professional, friendly, and genuinely cared about making sure we were well looked after. It’s rare to come across that level of service, and it really elevated the whole experience.||Overall, I can only say positive things about this hotel — great facilities, great atmosphere, and outstanding staff. We’ll definitely be back!

Megan is wonderful, thanks for the stay.

Beautiful, hotel with big rooms! Servic3 was amazing!! Breakfast was 10/10!

Had a great time staying here for a conference. Prompt room service, friendly staff, amazing food, clean and spacious rooms, and really loved the dining hall decore, which offered great ambience and attention to detail. Perfect space for work.

The Hilton was the venue for a days meeting. It was convenient to where we were staying. The entrance to the Reception desk is via escalators which is quirky. The hotel and conference room were comfortable and tidy. The lunch surprised was excellent.

Difficult to notice but once inside it's great. Clean friendly and great food.

Hotel is located near train station which is convenient, the room is clean and comfortable

The Hilyon is in a convenient location for working in the City - and I'm sure the rooms are probably nice, I'm sure breakfast was probably good andcI imagine the staff were really helpful. Unfortunately all I can remember about this hotel is I spent nearly all my time there either in or waiting for, a lift. |Being on the 9th floor was a bit of a bind as one lift wasn't working so anytime you called the one remaining lift it went every floor below, every floor above, then my floor then every floor back down again. This took at least 10 to 15 minutes each time. But it felt like forever. I did try the staff lifts (as directed) at one stage but they are just as busy and often held by staff working on that floor. The lift situation really let the place down, on so many levels.

Right near the Leeds Train station. Plenty of options nearby for food and facilities. Car park is very narrow though and would not recommend parking here.

Decent hotel nothing fancy , some rooms offer the bath tub access but most of them have the standing showers they could assign you any room as they once gave me the bath tub one and on next stay the other .

Kae, was excellent on check in and made it a pleasant onboarding experience. The room was clean and everything worked as expected. Bar and reception had a good feel.||However it wasn’t clear until I arrived that I needed to pay for overnight parking. That may (not necessarily would) have changed my hotel decision. What would have changed it though is how narrow the parking tunnel is.

Great location and value

Great location right next to railway station. Large beds and comfy bedding.

Just had a great stay at the Hilton Leeds. We have been going to this hotel annually for over 20 years and have always had a very good experience. This trip was one of the best, very nice newly renovated rooms and Riaaz on reception who checked us in was excellent, extremely helpful. Will be back next year!

Great stay here in Leeds. Riaz was especially helpful at front desk.

I'm  a Hilton honors member for a reason! Service is impeccable and rooms are well kept and always clean!

We was met by Hamid at the reception who was a lovely bloke and offered us a free upgrade for our 5 year anniversary. The room was very spacious and clean, the bed was super comfy. It is a short walk away from Leeds train station which was perfect for us with bags. All round the experience was great and we will be coming back.

Not bad not good

Nice Hilton. Good breakfast.

I find sometimes a Hilton hotel can be hit and miss, but this is definitely one of the good ones! Location is ideal, right in the city centre, some parking on site, with plenty more parking nearby. The rooms are very well equipped, with all the luxuries and mod cons. Bed is comfy and breakfast is good quality, with good variety. The staff were very helpful.
Only downside for the room was the inability to open any windows. There is ventilation, but now means of getting some fresh air in.

Great location,car park was easily accessible and bed was comfortable

Rooms were clean, comfortable, and relatively sound proofed. Air conditioning was a bit weak, so might be a bit too hot in summer.

Reception staff were helpful and attentive. Some items from the breakfast bar were overcooked, but this wasn't a deal breaker.

Multistorey car park had free spaces at peak times, but the ramps are very tight.

Well located, around 5 minutes from train station and next to the canal. A couples of bar and restaurants nearby.  Very good size rooms.  We were lucky enough to have a room with canal view. The beds, pillows, bedding are all of highest quality. We slept like logs. Spacious bathroom with very powerful shower. Breakfast is served at ground floor restaurant, with nice views of the canal. Breakfast is excellent. Thank you very much for all the staff, for your courtesy and lovely treatment.

酒店位置非常方便，而且有私人停車場，但需要收費。不過停車場空間非常細，對於初學或唔太熟泊車嘅司機嚟講會比較困難。早餐選擇比較簡單，但整體味道同質素都算唔錯。整體而言位置方便，但停車場需要有一定駕駛技術先比較容易使用。

During our staying this weekend, the hotel was lovely the rooms are very nice, bathrooms very modern and beds comfy. The hotel staff was happy to accommodate our luggage before check in and after check out which was nice. Breakfast was lovely! The staff were very polite. Would stay here again! Lovely location.

The only downfalls were even though we was on the 11th floor we could still hear the trains which was almost like a rumbling sound which is no fault of the hotels but take note of this. Secondly, there is an awful smell when you walk into the hotel of sewage which has been mentioned on a lot of reviews from months ago which the hotel states to have fixed but it still smelt at 11am this morning. Also guests really do like to slam their doors.

Love hotel, one-off the best Hiltons I've been in for a while. Leeds is actually lively, worth a visit.

Excellent location, beautifully friendly staff, clean and well furnished rooms.

Originally planned for one night, then we decided to extend for late checkout, to then deciding to stay another night for valentine's day, then again he extended for late check out.

Shampoo, conditioner and shower gel are all fine for sensitive skin.

Despite some issues Enjoyed this hotel..rooms well maintained and renovated..clean modern and comfortable. But small.. landings and walkways large and spacious.. smells clean excecpt.for by lifts has a damp sauna like smell.. reception merges into bar and restaraunt for breakfast. Service OK. Reception OK tried to silenty charge our room for parking without notifying of the correct price..we declined.. ordered some drinks in bar upon return from spa day out the hotel..as sitting down partner eat a piece of pineapple out of a fruit salad pot we had bought on way to hotel..we ordered hot drinks and waters...restaraunt manager came over and said can't eat that here ike.get a life mate.. the table next to it is classed as reception..just a petty comment wasn't as if pulled a footlocker subway out..the coffees were 8 pound and we were staying in hotel as guests.. we decided not to eat in restaraunt and go out for food... brekafast next day organised well and clean...enjoyed food..staff pleasant and helpful. Coffees from machine not the best to be honest but food was high quality and presented well..would stay again..stylish and central location.. parking diffuclt..18 per day inside tbe hotel.. had a small car park..connects to Leeds station
Station.

I had a lovely stay overall. The hotel’s location is fantastic—close to everything I needed and perfect for getting around easily. The food was a standout highlight, genuinely impressive in both quality and variety. Service was consistently good as well, with staff who were attentive and welcoming.

The only downside was that my room felt a little cold at times, which took away from the comfort just a bit. Aside from that, it was a great experience, and I’d happily return.

Very nice place to stay

Overall, the rooms were pretty good. The location was very useful and great they had onsite parking. The car park is very tight so don’t bring a big car!

Aj was a very good help the young fella gave me a splendid time :)

that car park is a disgrace. Wasn’t wide enough for a single car to get through and has left dent marks and scratches all on my car as the exit was so small. Will not be coming back here again

We stayed here this weekend for a birthday trip away. Kae checked us in, she was so lovely and helpful and even upgraded us as it was both of our birthdays that weekend. The room was very clean and comfortable. The only issue was the car park - it can’t be helped but the exit is incredibly tight. We have a very small car and found it difficult to leave without damaging it. Not a complaint just something to know if you’re planning on coming with a larger vehicle. Thanks again Kae :)

Vojtech made us feel welcome. Top man!!

First time here. V helpful staff. Adrian the duty manager stood out with his clear communication and can-do helpful attitude, going the extra mile to make my stay comfortable. Adequate ameneties. Top location. Will be back!

I visited for a work event and found the hotel to be quite nice. It felt clean, welcoming and friendly. Staff were attentive despite being busy. The food was varied, though labels for vegetarian/vegan and allergens could be a lot clearer. The car park is very tight but this is made clear on the website and my Fiat 500 just about fit.

The downside are the lifts. There are only two lifts in the whole building. They are very slow and seem to have a mind of their own. You have to use your room card to operate them and this is quite temperamental. The lifts significantly frustrated me and others with whom I visited. Unfortunately taking the stairs wasn’t feasible in our circumstances.

Really nice hotel. Arrived very early and had both rooms ready which was a wonderful welcome and really appreciated! Friendly check in and a really clean, nice looking hotel. Car park is small and really tight to get out of so don't take a big SUV! Only issue was with pillows not being firm enough for our preference but that's a personal sensitivity. We usually take ours with us. Overall, a lovely hotel and will defo stay again.

I had a very good experience recently. Stayed one night, ordered room service for dinner, which had a standard vegan menu. Passed on breakfast. The staff were accommodating, the room pleasantly spacious and equipped with the necessities for a very good experience. The location was not the best due to road works, but that was out of the Hotel's control. Verdict: I would return in future.

Hotel reception looks nice but rooms are awful. Moved rooms as first one was filthy and had tobacco pouch on the floor. Second room windows didn't shut so due to being next to the train station I could hear trains all hours and even the station announcements. So if you want to sleep go elsewhere. Breakfast good but sadly the rooms need a full refurbishment

Was only here for a short time. Working! The staff were lovely and very helpful. Makes life so much easier when people in the know are there to help.

Great hotel in a great location very clean and very modern.

The rooms are clean and well-maintained, with reliable connectivity and convenient charging options. Rooms facing the railway station can be a bit noisy in the early morning. I checked in around 10 pm and asked about dressing gowns and slippers, which I was surprised to learn are only provided in suites, as I had expected them in all rooms. I inquired about a possible suite upgrade as a Diamond member, but was told none were available, though some appeared bookable through the app. The breakfast was good, and the location is perfect for Leeds, right in the middle of the city centre and by the train station. I paid under £100 for the night so I can't really complain. The online check in and digital key is handy.

I stayed here just before Christmas and cannot recommend enough for Leeds. The location is good, rooms decent sized and spotless and the fitness centre is well-equipped. What I came here to say is that the staff here are excellent. Everyone from reception, the bar, to the cleaner went over and above and made me feel like a VIP. Little touches like opening up a closed-off seating area so I had a nice space to work from, to the cleaner making sure I had plenty coffee and water. It went a long way to make a stressful business trip a lot easier.

Fab hotel, easy access to train station and town.Lovely comfy beds, plenty of tea/coffee, very quiet and clean room.  Fabulous bar and lounge areas and friendly helpful staff.

Extremely pathetic behaviour by Sonia I rang to upgrade she kept on lieng premium room isn’t available when it was clearly available I stayed here last week it was good this time this unprofessional person picked the phone and didn’t wanted to upgrade I am a gold member I always get a upgrade
She wanted me to pay 58£ to get an upgrade she kept on lieng room isn’t available when clearly it was
She shouldn’t be dealing with customers she got extremely bad behaviour and extremely unprofessional behaviour she made me pay 58£ for nothing when being a gold member it should be free
Sonia you’re such a unprofessional you shouldn’t be dealing with Hilton customers

I was stuck in Leeds for the night due to a delayed flight, so I just needed a quiet room to sleep in for the night, and I had not booked ahead. Tonia (I hope I remebered the name right) was very helpful and kindly offered a complimentary upgrade to a suite and later check-out. I appreciated that despite a few rowdy guests and the phone ringing, I was not rushed when booking at the desk and checking in, especially since I was very tired and barely functioning at 11pm. I was given a quiet room and did not hear any noise, either from trains or guests throughout the night. The breakfast was very nice, there was a lot of variety and the coffee was lovely.

Really disappointed with the breakfast! Not many options and then most of them are not even fresh.
Rooms are old and really dated!

Really polite reception staff & speedy checking

Nice room however no fridge,  not even in the suites and nowhere to get any ice. Girl on reception didn't know the correct times for breakfast.

The hotel was quite old decorated and not really convenient. The room was quite dark and old furnished. The shower area is too small, hard for a man to fit in. One of the lifts smells nasty but no staff tried to do sth to it.

Location was great. Facilities were very good. Service was very efficient and friendly. Breakfast was excellent with a wide choice. Room was clean and we had everything we needed. TV was great and good internet. Bathroom and shower were very good. Honestly, couldn't fault anything.

Really good hotel excellent location for the city centre with parking

I had overnight stay and attended party night .
The room was lovely ,clean ,great choice of quality beverages not instant coffee but proper coffee,great choice of Tv and stream brilliant .
The event was fabulous,buffet was brilliant freshly cooked food
All staff from reception to event ,bar staff all kind and courteous
Would recommend 5 star

Great hotel. Such nice atmosphere. Great staff.

A cathedral to corporate nonsense with a unique location, effectively Platform 19 of Leeds Railway Station.

Alan the evening manager is a sleep out the back and then will not serve you when you arrive at 00:30 for a drink. Saying rude and obstructive.
Really poor show. Will never stay again.

What’s the point being in a city if staff sleep in back rooms

Wonderful Service from Charlie at Hilton Leeds

My stay at the Hilton Leeds was made even better thanks to Charlie at reception. From the moment we arrived, he was incredibly welcoming, lovely to speak to, and made us feel completely at ease. His friendly, talkative nature and warm professionalism created such a positive first impression.

Charlie is truly a credit to the hotel, and his outstanding customer service made our experience memorable. Thank you!

We stayed for a work event over two rooms. I had an issue with my room which was totally a ME problem not the hotel and they couldn't do enoight to change my room which I was super.grayeful for. Tonia went above and beyond in this situation to make sure I was happy. Thank you so much.

Didn't stay but enjoyed wine, cocktails and and unpretentious dinner.

I stayed here for business and to treat myself. I had a lovely stay. Breakfast was to a high standard with an incredible choice, sadly I had to rush to get to work so it was a short breakfast. The staff were all great and very knowledgeable and friendly.

As soon as you walk into the entrance there is a very strong smell of sewage, read in previous reviews so it’s been a problem for some time. Best thing about this hotel is the staff , breakfast is good , room service had was ok . I would not stay here again because for £190 a night I can get better in Leeds .

Gorgeous hotel, the room was very clean and had lovely little extras such as shampoo, conditioner.Very handy for the station. Staff were excellent

Hi;
Thanks for a most enjoyable stay.
Food was excellent for evening meal and at breakfast time, staff friendly and helpful, and room quiet for a restful night's sleep.
Strange request, but could you tell me the title of the CD that was playing in the restaurant at around 6:30 pm on Sunday 9th Nov. (last night) - it had some really good tunes on it!
Thanks,
Darren

Solid Hilton hotel. Only complaint is that the lobby and lifts smelt really badly of sewage.

Other than that, very decent stay for a night in the city.

This is a well appointed hotel in a good location a short walk from the station and close to local bars and restaurants. The rooms are clean and comfortable.
I can't comment on the parking arrangements or the food as I didn't use either, but this is a nice hotel

Stayed here a couple of times now, nice hotel with great staff. Location is ideal, around a 10 minute walk in any direction to get to where you want to go in the centre. Breakfast is also good and the rooms are clean and tidy.

It was a truly magical stay. The bed, the bathroom, Breakfast and everything was amazing. I was so tempted to stay another night but I couldn’t. The man at the front desk I cannot remember his name was very helpful, the ladies at breakfast were very polite and helpful as well. I will be coming back when I stay in Leeds

Nice hotel next to the train station. Comfortable rooms, friendly staff. The only issue is the carpark which is very tight and only 6’4” high. £18 per night for parking.

good service and room facilities

I stayed at the Hilton in Leeds and was genuinely shocked by the persistent, unpleasant smell throughout the hotel. It wasn’t just a faint issue—it was overpowering and made time in shared spaces like the bar area nearly unbearable. What’s worse is that this isn’t a new complaint. Multiple reviews mention the same problem, and although management keeps replying that it’s been resolved, it clearly hasn’t.

The room itself was fine, but I was woken at 6am by loud construction work outside, which made getting any rest impossible. For a hotel that markets itself as premium, this experience felt far from it. I wouldn’t recommend staying here until they genuinely address the smell and improve the overall guest experience.

I booked a room at this Hilton and even paid extra for booking insurance. I had to cancel due to being sick, and the hotel confirmed I’d get a refund. That was almost a month ago, and I’m still waiting.

I’ve called several times, been left on hold for nearly an hour, and even been cut off multiple times. Nobody seems to care or take responsibility.

Absolutely shocking service. I’ll never stay at a Hilton again. Avoid this hotel, they’re quick to take your money but impossible to deal with when there’s a problem.

Stayed here back in June with some friends and used the adjoined car park for our stay. We used the app noted on the signage around the car park to pay for parking and got a notification from the bank that went into ‘pending payments’ then the app glitched, this was explained upon check in and told it would be okay. Was again explained to staff upon check out and they again said it would be fine and to just push the buzzer on the way out and they would let us out.
To my surprise my friend who’s car we used to travel to and from in had notified me a week later that a fine for the car park was received by them in the post.
To try and resolve this quickly I immediately sent out an email, and rang the hotel to again explain the situation and to seek help about the parking fine, whilst on the phone they told me the email had been received, filed and an investigation was apparently ‘started’ in the matter and that they would get back to me soon.
4 months later said friend has received another fine of an inflated price, with no response to any of our emails, phone calls regarding the ‘investigation’.
This is such a shame because we had a great stay in Leeds but this completely ruined the experience for us and has caused nothing but disappointment about our time away still 4 months later and I advise all to be wary about staying here if you’re planning on driving as it is not worth it.

A good hotel in a good location

First room had a toilet that wouldn't flush (staff were helpful to switch into another room).

2nd room was okay, except noise/vibration from diesel trains was irritating at all hours of the day, waking up early, and frustrating if you're there during the day/evening/early night, seriously puts me off coming back. If there is any wind the bathroom extraction vent also makes an inescapable noise.

Room itself was okay, pillows, duvet and mattress comfy. Large TV in room and a temperature control which did actually work. Shower was brilliant! Breakfast was decent, with good variety, but unfortunately varied in quality each day. Staff were friendly and friendly.

Oct 25 Update
Hotel breakfast very good
Bar food and bar service v strong
Pool has gone but 24hr limited gym
Reception team helpful and look after you

Great reception team. Breakfast is fantastic and we'll managed. 24hrvroom service has hot food. Gym and pool avaliable.

When I visit Leeds my husband and I stay by preference at the Hilton Leeds City Hotel. The rooms are clean and well maintained, the staff are pleasant and efficient and the location is great for seeing and experiencing all Leeds has to offer.

Our stay this time was enhanced by the effort that a member of staff, Sachin, made on our behalf. Nothing was too much trouble and he was a delight to deal with and a credit to the hotel.

Without question, this is the poorest Hilton property I’ve ever had the misfortune of staying in. The smell throughout the hotel is genuinely awful—an unpleasant odour that hits you immediately, only made worse by the cloying artificial fragrance clearly meant to mask it (and failing miserably). Combine that with relentless construction noise, the nearby trains rumbling at all hours, and you’ve got something far closer to a bad travelodge next to a rail yard than a proper Hilton. Frankly, I expected far better. A thoroughly disappointing experience.

Great conference venue.

Fantastic hotel large Clean rooms service 5 stars highly recommend

The rooms pleasant but are pretty small for a 4 star hotel. For rooms at the rear of the hotel, you will have to endure noise from the railway station next door. Maintenance needs to be improved - I reported an issue in the bathroom and it was not fixed. There is a bad smell in the entrance foyer. Some of the breakfast items are low quality. I expected better for the price.

Great location, amazing breakfast, love staying here!

Lovely place

I was extremely disappointed with my stay. After paying a premium, I was woken up at 6am by constant drilling and banging. When I raised this with staff, I was told there were building works but nothing could be done other than to “investigate.” Months later, I’ve still had no follow-up.

As someone coming off night shifts and checking in specifically for a quiet night’s sleep, being disturbed at such an early hour completely defeated the purpose of my stay. The lack of communication and unwillingness to offer any form of resolution speaks volumes about the service here.

I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a restful stay or decent customer care.

Great location. Really easy to access the station and city centre, comes with 2 floors just for parking. But for some reason as soon as you walk in, the whole hotel smells like there is sewage leak and smells really bad throughout the communal areas, I noticed this throughout the stay. The restaurant and bar is well kept and I really enjoyed the coffee. They had really nice and small gym with all necessary equipments and the every time I visited, it was really quiet. The rooms compared to other Hilton is above average but the not best one.

I stay in a different hotel every night all around the country for work. TONIA at the Hilton city Leeds offered me (by far) the best and most welcoming check in experience I have ever had at any hotel. I stayed at another hotel in Leeds last night (DoubleTree) and the experience Tonia gave was world's apart from them. Warm, chatty and friendly. She is worth praising for her efforts!

Rosana Paz has excellent costumer service

Great hotel, well located and serviced was great. Onsite car park is convenient, but expensive and very tight spaces!

As a first time solo female traveller, I was apprehensive at first. However, I need not to have been. Staff, were amazingly friendly, kind and helpful. At breakfast, I sat alone and a member of staff came over and asked if I was OK, and did I need anything. I just thought it was a lovely personal touch, especially nowadays, where good customer services seems to be a hard ask. This hotel is definitely recommended, and I will definitely be going back next time I am in the city. Keep up the good work!!

Staff were all very good, breakfast is decent but they need to renovate and pay attention to details when it comes to decorating.

Hotel was a great location to the station. Room service took over an hour for just some chips and onion rings. The tv only had terrestrial tv as none of the casting options worked. Disappointing considering it’s 2025. The hotel had a strange smell at the entrance on arrival which was off putting.

Went to this Hilton by mistake,  booked into the DoubleTree by Hilton- they're 5 mins apart. The car park is a nightmare, so many tight turns that the car could easily been scrapped on a wall if I didn't get out to visually guide our car out. Avoid just for the carpark!

a really nice experience, amazing!

After arriving at the hotel I found a slight buzzing noise in the room coming from a service cupboard next door. Most people probably wouldn't even notice it, but I'm very sensitive to that kind of thing. I felt a bit uncomfortable asking to move room for a small issue, but Hamid at reception was fantastic, made me feel very comfortable and made sure I got a room I was happy with, great service.
The only downside to the hotel is that the walls are a bit thin with noise for the corridor and other rooms coming through a bit.

Clean Room and a Good Price

PROS
Decent location, handy for train station.
Breakfast selection very good.
Chef out in restaurant asking guests if everything was ok or needed anything…….lovely touch
Charlie at reception was lovely and attentive

CONS
One receptionist rude at check in. She may check in guests every day and know the check in process but guests don’t, please be more respectful
Food menu quite limited, order arrived and wasn’t correct. So decided to eat out after that.
Bar staff didn’t appear to know where drinks were placed behind the bar. Also appeared unsure how to use the tills
Please note guests don’t want their drinks watered down due to the glass being filled to the top with ice. Less ice please
Housekeeping sloppy (room not refreshed very well)  eg one bed made the other wasn’t
Only one lift working, inconvenient for a very busy hotel

Great place to stay in Leeds

Excellent attentive staff.

Comfortable and easy stay here. It’s tricky to find from the station the first time but just 5 minutes walk after. Well based to explore the Centre. Coffee bags in the room were an unusual highlight. Very comfy bed too

Room beautiful and immaculate. However far too warm and couldn't sleep. Unable to adjust temperature. Awoken at 10.50pm by a bar staff member saying I had a bar bill which had been attached to my room number, hence paid on checkout. Hotel did apologise but not good. Would stay again though.

Stayed here for my partners birthday. It is a stunning hotel!

Very polite and friendly staff- they made us feel very welcome. Location is perfect- only a 5 minute walk from Leeds train station and walking distance from shops/bars and restaurants. Room was clean and quiet- for the cheapest room, a little small but had everything we needed for our one night stay. Bathroom was very nice and modern. I would definitely stay again!

Lovely hotel with fabulous and helpful staff - I would highly recommend - and it is now my 1st choice when staying over in Leeds 👌🏻

Stayed here on the night before graduation. Really lovely members of staff. Charlie stood out, checked me in, and made sure that we were happy with everything in the room. Very approachable, friendly and professional - clearly wants to ensure guests are happy and settled. Lovely hotel.

Exactly what you would expect. We were up on the 12th floor. The room was really nice. The bathroom just gorgeous. All in the heart of Leeds.

Ideaal gelegen naast het station, maar vooral ook het oude centrum met zijn vele bezienswaardigheden.

Went to the hilton leeds city centre this weekend great staff lovely rooms great breakfast perfect location will be back again
Judy Robinson

Rirght in teh middle of everyrhing. Easy access to train station…

整潔乾淨衛生，位置方便

A one day conference affording a good level of security although the hotel itself is looking a little 'tired'.

Air con didn’t work Shower leaked Had to unplug phone due to it keep ringing

Had dinner and everything just felt fragmented tbh. The Irish lady (Anne I think is her name) was nice but that's all I can say. She saved it from being a 1 star.

My main course came. Once I had finished, a different gentleman collected my dish. He didn't know that I wanted to have dessert. He didn't even offer. So I was basically left in the corner, almost invisible to the team. And it was not even a busy night. Even trying to wave someone to come see me so I can have a dessert menu was difficult. No customer should have to get up from their table or even feel like they have to get attention in a hotel restaurant. It felt like I was the one that had to work because even though I could see the team hang around the bar area, I was in their view, so I don't think there's an excuse really. A <1 hour dinner was taking for longer than expected. It needs work Hilton. I don't know if certain staff take care of certain tables but even so, where's the team communication and service? It's fragmented.

I actually tested how long it would take for some to approach my  table. The same gentleman even poured wine for the table directly in front me and he didn't even approach my table to ask me if I would like anything else. 10 mins later, he return to the table to see how their food was and it was deja vu all over again.

I can't put the whole blame on him. All staff seemed to be oblivious that I was still a customers that would have loved a dessert and my patience nearly ran out but the Irish lady eventually came over. I will return with hopes that something has improved in terms of the FOH operations be ause it is off putting to a Hilton Member like myself. I do hope to hear from management in regards to my loyalty to the brand and what they can do for me next time.

A bit old and no type C charger.

Great hotel. Hilton loyalty recognised - got upgraded from a standard to a suite. Breakfast is amazing in a spacious area consisting of the usual suspects along with some premium items (smoked salmon, fresh berries, etc) . Wish there was a pool. Located right next to the train station and couldn't be any central of Leeds if you wanted!

Breakfast is amazing. Rooms could be bit bigger though

“The bed was incredibly comfortable, and, contrary to some reviews on Google, we felt completely safe. A special thanks to Sukhdev at check‑in—his warmth and attention to detail , plus he went above and beyond, ensuring my children and I felt right at home. He truly made our stay memorable!”

perfect location 2 mins from train station. room was clean and had everything we needed

Very nice hotel. Stayed for one night with breakfast the next morning. Very helpful staf, great breakfast selection.

Disgusting parking. The tightest car park ever made. Even for a hatchback. Never seen amything like it. I am a good driver. But this was so frustrating. Never normally write bad comments. But will never use this car park again. If you care about your car you should not either. This needs to be illegal. Surprised parking is even allowed here.

The guy who was at the desk this morning with glasses very helpful and professional

Unfortunatly we could not stay in this hotel because booking.com made a mistake with our reservation (hotel not at fault). The 2 men at the front desk, Hamid and Dev were absolulty incredible. They did everything to help us out, helped us cancel the wrong reservation so we could get our money back from booking.com.  They gave us coffee while we tried to find another place. Everything in Leeds was booked full because of a conference. They were just wonderful,  kind and funny. The kind of staff you hope to meet everywhere you go. They make you want to come back and stay. Many thanks to Hamid and Dev for helling us out as much as they could. All around great experience.

Everything about the hotel is great….. location especially

Very kind employees, nice hotel. Walking distance to city center.

No fridge in the room which was a bit of a downer but otherwise no complaints

Had a Comfortable one night stay with good breakfast early morning , offers 24 hours car parking with a discount ,Clean room and comfy bed

Carpark is so bad whoever design this should hve checked it properly it’s not for toy cars . So narrow so tight I never come across any  car park like this. Such a big name but really disappointing because of car park. I would never visit this again. Not atleast in Leeds.

Very pleased with Hotel and staff.

Overall is Good

Great hotel next to Leeds Railway Station and walking distance from the centre of Leeds.

This is a decent hotel in a great location to explore Leeds city centre. Everything is clean, the staff are friendly, and the breakfast is one of the best we've had at a British hotel.

The reason for four stars rather than five is the parking garage. While it's good value for money (at £18/night) the turns are too tight. So we scraped our car on the way out, causing some damage.

Very calm and silent despite being very close to railway station which turns to be a quite good advantage as regards its location.

Lovely hotel in the centre of Leeds close to all the shops , railway station and other leisure activities. Reasonably priced also .

recent stay at Hilton Leeds city, but my experience fell significantly short of expectations.

Firstly, upon arrival late at 10pm, the staff appeared unfriendly and lacked a welcoming attitude, which made for an unpleasant first impression. She looked disgusted when you check for the breakfast availability.

Additionally, the sound insulation was awful. Woke up middle of the night few times as you can hear the door open and shout serval times. Also some maintenance work on Sunday morning from I anticipated.Despite reporting these concerns to Elena the manager , she was not addressed and completely ignored.

Given Hilton's reputation for quality service, I expected a much higher standard of hospitality. This experience left me frustrated and dissatisfied.

We had a great stay here for a work event. The events team are incredibly helpful, especially with us being a large group booking. It was actually a contact from a different Hilton who put me in touch with Katie Clark in the Leeds Groups and Events team who couldn't have been more helpful, friendly and accommodating.

We will definitely be back. Thank you again!

The nicest, friendliest staff of any hotel I have ever stayed. Hilton, make sure you look after them! The room was clean and modern. Great shower. Some minor noise from the station, but to be expected with the close proximity, which is one of the reasons you may choose this hotel. Would come back in a heartbeat.

Very clean modern hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast was beer good, a lot of variety and choice and well worth the £15.

Great rooms, lots of options for breakfast and dinner.  Nice selection at the bar.

The food was amazing - both evening meal and breakfast.  The room was basic as was the service.   Front desk lacked basic knowledge of the hotel and it's services, like room service.   Expected more with a name and price like this.

It’s old fashioned, but comfortable. Air conditioning quite old and strange - I had two vents with cold air flow (which was right) and two with hot air at the same time. As you can’t open the windows because of the noise, I had a very unpleasant night.

Excellent location but a little tired,
Good choice of breakfast
Beds too soft for me but that's personal preference,
Cheap toilet roll
Strange strong sewer smell just inside the main entrance leading to the lifts where they blast out loud music,
At least the window opened slightly as the AC wasn't very good and the room was absolutely boiling,
At breakfast I witnessed a server just wiping the crumbs and beans left from a previous diner straight on to the floor with her hand and just leaving it on the carpet,  Placing the knives and forks for the next guests on the table then spraying the table to clean it whilst the fresh cutlery was allready on the dirty table, strange that she's not been shown how to correctly clean a table,

Excellent all round

Lovely time staff very helpful definitely stay there next time

Really enjoyed my stay here, at the quiet floor with spacious room, clean, modern room, receptionist was friendly and breakfast staff was too and helpful. Great and fresh breakfast, close to train station and clean

Excellent location, nice room with good facilities and lovely breakfast.

Do not park here!! Especially if you have a big car! I have a 5-door corsa and it took us 45 minutes and about 50 manoeuvres to get out of the car park, the spaces are also very small.

Drone from diesel trains all night. The window don't stop the noise

Only one staff member at check-in. She was very helpful though.

"Premium" room with a premium price tag is the same as a standard room at a renovated DoubleTree (glad I didn't pay full price). Very small.

"luxurious bath amenities" are just standard ones in a bottle. No other amenities such as a toothbrush or comb.

"Large walk-in shower" is very narrow and not large. Shower pressure during rush hour is a joke, and below average at other times. The entire room description is a bit  deceptive in my opinion.

No desk and the chair/table combo is the wrong height to use a computer !

No sprung mattress base so fairly hard bed.

Crazy screaming homeless people hanging out in the common areas.

Awful smell on the bottom floor of the hotel. Stinks of sewage. Car park gets full really quick on weekends. Rooms dated and not very clean. Not the typical “Hilton” experience

Brilliant family night away.
Location is excellent everything within walking distance.
Hotel was clean and tidy. Rooms were very good. Clean with comfy beds.
Breakfast was first class. Loads of choice including vegan and gluten free option.
Staff were excellent. Special mentions too Carina and Hamid. First class service. Thank you 🙏

Exceptional Stay – 5-Star Service at Hilton Leeds City Exceptional service makes all the difference! Huge thanks to Hamid at Hilton Leeds City for delivering a 5-star experience—truly a masterclass in hospitality! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

My first business trip to Leeds was made memorable by a fantastic stay at the newly refurbished Hilton Leeds City. The room was beautifully clean, well-designed, and the bed incredibly comfortable.

What truly set this stay apart was the outstanding service. Hamid, in particular, delivered a level of hospitality rarely found, with an incredible attention to detail, genuine warmth, and an instinct for anticipating guest needs. His service, along with that of the bar and restaurant team, reflected the highest standards of luxury hospitality—where every interaction feels thoughtful, seamless, and personal.

A contemporary hotel with a brasserie-style restaurant and airy bar, Hilton Leeds City sets a new benchmark for guest experience. Highly recommended—I’ll be back!

Polite front desk, great breakfast. Good service. A great hotel and definitely will keep stay again in next trip in Leeds.

Lovely hotel and very central

Stayed here last night for Valentines day, great service when I asked for a wine glass- came with a whole ice bucket and were super friendly. Great location it was close to Trinity and loads of great food options from fast food to sit down dinners.
My complaints regarding the room - the mattress was so firm and hard I just couldn’t sleep on it and the hot and cold on the shower were reversed without being told before hand so burnt myself multiple times trying to have a shower before realising that the hot was cold and the cold was hot. Okay stay otherwise.

Friendly clean and located 2mins away from the station!

Great location, close to the train station. The staff were absolutely fabulous, we have organised a large event and there was no request too difficult. They looked after everyone and made us feel very welcomed.
Special shout out to Carina and the spanish gentleman working with her. They have recognised my Hilton Honours Gold status and were very friendly and professional.

The place was very clean with friendly/helpful receptionists and the food was superb!!

Seems ok

Nice Hotel in centre of Leeds

A big shout out to Karina and Rashid. Had
parking issues That prevented us from entering the car park at the hotel. We carry a lot of gear for our jobs And unfortunately, the car park was full. We were directed to another car park, which was also full. It cost me £5 just to go in and out which vexes me greatly.

In any case, I called the hotel and have been giving some slightly incorrect information about a nearby car park, The front of house manager Rashid Made a space usually available only to him available for me and my colleague to park. Outstanding service, Excellent handled And furthermore, Karina on the front desk, Help me up to my room, my luggage. What’s more the parking was provided on a complimentary basis due to the incorrect information provided. Rashid, Karina, you are both a credit to Hilton. Kudos to you both 👌🏻👍🏻

They took my money for a no-show despite booking.com acknowledging that their system can glitch and change booking dates. The hotel knows this and refused to refund the payment and instead book for the actual weekend. Will go stay somewhere else and avoid these jokers like the plague, suggest others do the same. Very unreasonable given that this occurred at no fault on my part and I would have been paying more for the actual booking on my birthday.

Nice

Ordered room service (lasagne and calamari) and it was the most disgusting food straight out of a freezer, not edible.

Fab location - just next door to Leeds station . Great conference rooms . Decent gym - no sterile wipes though . The staff however were generally quite grumpy apart from Bridget . Bridget is your diamond and her smiles just lit up the room . Breakfast was ……meh. Would I stay here again ? Probably as it’s in a very convenient location

A great date night stay with my daughter. Great location and service.

Had a nice stay here. Staff really friendly. Doesn’t have a pool anymore but there’s a gym with free weights, cables and cardio including a Peloton, which is super appreciated. The breakfast is fantastic.

Staff where very friendly and excellent stay. Only few minute min walk from centre of Leeds

Really nice hotel with refurbished rooms.  Only issue I can say is ground floor entrance smells strong of toilets until you get to top of escalator

Happy

The hotel is conveniently situated near to the train station.We were able to check in before our check-in time.The room was spacious and clean.The staff were helpful and friendly.

good room good breakfast

Great atmosphere and staff 👏

Just checked in. Been before so knew what to expect. Rashid on the Front Desk is exceptional & wanted to say that before I forgot to do so.
Very professional, polite, courteous and very very helpful.
He’s a star employee in our eyes.

We would just like to say a massive thank you to all of the events team (especially George and Katie!) and the rest of the hotel staff for making our stay for our wedding so amazing.  Nothing was too much trouble and the extra touches did not go unnoticed or unappreciated and made us feel so welcome and special during our stay.  The effort and attentiveness from you and the rest of the staff made our wedding weekend run smoothly and took away a lot of stress.

We are so grateful and the stay at the hotel added to part of our wedding experience and we won’t forget it.

Thank you again!

Mr & Mrs Wales - 30.11.2024

Freezing and the smell simply terrifible throughout including lifts, and likes blocked drains. The not pleasant and could not eat my lunch

Good location next to train station - due to ongoing building works at the train station it’s easiest/quicker to get to the hotel near the entrance/exit closest to platform 16 (I ply found this out after walking the long way round 🤦♀️).Refurbished room was nice. Bath was small. Would opt for walk-in shower next time. Temperature too warm but staff provided a fan on request. Double bed fine for a solo traveller. Wouldn’t have been too comfortable for two. No radio in room or on TV which would have been nice.Robes, slippers, tea/coffee making facilities, iron and hair fro provided.Breakfast - good selection for hot and cold breakfast options. Would be nice to have better decaf coffee.  Newly renovated lobby area was nice. Perfume smell wafted into breakfast room and was a bit overpowering at times. That being said the ground floor entrance doesn’t smell good (you’ll get over it) so I can see why this is needed. Newly renovated lobby/bar area is nice.  Staff were welcoming and helpful.Overall I had a pleasant stay and I would stay here again as a solo traveller. If I was travelling with another adult we would require a larger bed to ensure a more comfortable rest/sleep so possibly an upgrade or a second room would be needed.

Excellent Hotel!

Located very centrally, with access to all amenities and train and bus services.

Rooms were clean and tidy and staff were professional, efficient and polite.

I slept brilliantly, as the beds were extremely comfortable and it was nice and quiet.

When I got home, I realised that I had left a bag with my dirty washing in the room.
I telephoned the hotel, expecting it to be gone forever and was called the next day by the head of housekeeping, Alimamoa Demba to say that they had found it and would post it back to me if I organised the postage.
It is so rare to find service at this level and people who care enough to go the extra mile. Thank you to all staff concerned. I shall definitely use and recommend your hotel in the future for any overnight stays in Leeds 😊

The place smells like raw sewage. Very unpleasant.

Amazing hotel and beautiful decor. Me and my girlfriend went for my birthday and were treated to two free drinks for the occasion and a room upgrade which was so appreciated. Great staff and perfect location

We stayed in room 117 and we had a lovely view of Clifford's Tower.
The bed was huge and very comfortable,we slept really well.
Breakfast never disappoints,full English (buffet style)and the lady chef was very cheerful and friendly.
The hotel is situated 2 minutes from shops and close to restaurants and bars.
We have used this hotel for the past 8 years,visiting on 12 occasions and will continue to do so too.

Good hotel during our stay in York. Rooms similar in size to other standard European hotel rooms.  It was quiet and easy to get around. The breakfast is excellent.

Reagieren nicht: Stellen trotz mehrfacher Bitte für Hotelgäste keine Rechnung aus, obwohl diese für die Steuer zwingend erforderlich ist. Unfassbar, dass so ein Geschäftsgebaren beim Namen "Hilton" möglich ist. Kann ich nur dringend von abraten.

Lovely modern, clean hotel. Iconic location at the foot of the Clifton Castle. Perfect for all over town. Mattress and pillows a little soft for me. Nice staff and all very clean. Gym looked decent enough just small. Nice atmosphere lots of coach trips and tourists. We were room 131 and it had a nice desk and an extra coffee table and lovely shearling chair. Was not black out at night and there was a noise, possibly heating when we were trying to get to sleep. Could hear people using bathroom in maybe upstairs room and chatting outside etc. Sunday night was a last minute bargain. Restaurant looked nice but we didn’t try it. No coffee machine or fridge.

We went to York Hilton for our 20th wedding anniversary we were not disappointed. From the minute we arrived we were looked after. Really nice reception staff. Booked in went up to our room lovely and clean. Even better the household staff had left us a message on the mirror, rose petals on the bed with kissing towel swans and a box of lovely chocolates. We decided to eat at the restaurant during our stay gorgeous food lovely romantic atmosphere with brilliant staff. They also spoiled us with free glass of fizz and happy anniversary wrote on our desserts with strawberry sauce! It was beautiful. We haven't done anything as a couple for years and the staff brought is to tears. Highly recommend this hotel. Will remember forever thank you xx

I had a wonderful dining experience and was looked after by Donna who's service was outstanding - the food was excellent too.

Amazing 20th wedding anniversary weekend away. Was spoiled. Chocolates in the room with kissing swans and rose petals on the bed. The staff are amazing and so friendly nothing is too much trouble. Will remember this trip forever thank you Hilton!

El  Hilton de York es un edificio que por su diseño y materiales  respeta el aire busca integrarse con el estilo de la zona  que es medieval y georgiano.|La ubicación es fabulosa porque está ubicado en Tower Street, justo en el corazón histórico de la ciudad y enfrente de la Clifford’s Tower y a unos pasos del York Castle Museum. De hecho la vista de la mayoría de las habitaciones da a la torre. Es una de las mejores ubicaciones para explorar el casco antiguo .|El desayuno es inmejorable y cuenta con restaurantes y bares.|Excelente atención del personal de recepción |Las habitaciones están muy bien equipadas, incluso tienen cargadores de teléfonos también en cada mesa de luz. Baños bien adaptados para personas mayores .|Le faltó una pequeña heladera.

I loved my stay here, I couldn't fault it anywhere

Great hotel clean friendly and very welcoming does have parking but better to pre book also valet all in all lovely place to stay and views of Clifford tower

Great for a corporate group of 20. Front of house were superb, especially Kayleigh, Bethany and John - and the chef(s) were awesome too.

Great hotel in the heart of the city, with a variety of pubs and restaurants a short walkA Friendly away.  Very  friendly staff, spotlessly clean and maintained to a high standard. For anyone arriving by car, the valet parking is a big bonus. I've stayed before, and I will hopefully stay again.

I expected more from a Hilton.  Bathroom shower had a bunch of hair on the walls.  No hot water. Warm but not hot.

Fabulous hotel. The reception staff who we met when we booked in were very professional and friendly, evening restaurant team fabulous, the same at  the breakfast buffet the staff were interested in the guests and enjoyed engaging and taking an interest with guests. Something that rarely seen these days.
We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting York.

Great choice to say in York if you want to be closer to the city centre or attending a concert at the Barbican.

We were very impressed! Hotel is in a super spot and the valet parking was friendly and seamless. Staff were super friendly and chatty. Victoria on reception was a delight and the gentleman concierge was wonderful! So knowledgeable friendly and fun whilst being professional. In fact, all the staff were super and I could have cheerfully taken Shirley the breakfast chef home with me! ||||The bed was incredible. Huge, clean and comfy with great pillows and bedding. Room clean and smelled nice. I personally really don't like shower curtains but it was very clean with great towels. ||||We had a last minute late supper in the restaurant. Very basic menu nothing really healthy but the pizza was absolutely gorgeous and we were grateful to be able to order it so late. ||||Overall a super stay and we are already looking forward to going back. Thank you all.

I would like to start by mentioning the service from staff member Victoria was impeccable and she is an absolute star who resolved an issue for us very quickly in a very professional manner! ||The price of this hotel reflects a Hilton but compared to the other Hilton hotels I have stayed in the rooms feel like your average premier inn which is really disappointing. Otherwise, a lovely stay.

I stayed in a suite. The standard of fittings  is high and very comfortable. Breakfast is topcnotch and freshly cooked on tap. Worth the extra; I will go again.

This hotel is opposite  Castle Tower and 15 min walk from the station ( also on the U2 bus line) |Great comfortable rooms, excellent breakfast, small but good gym . Be warned, not all the rooms have A/C ( in a Hilton!! ) . They’ll send up a fan or a heater on request

Perfectly located, close to station and town centre.

在约克市中心核心位置，正对着约克城堡，景色很好，酒店设施很便利，早餐很丰富。

Check-In took ages, and did not feel respectful. Price quoted for valet parking went up massively on check-out, plus other items were wrong, some of these were sorted but not others. Check-out thus also took ages. Recommend not being too embarrassed to question your bill.

We arrived at the hotel at 3 pm. They said the room wasn’t ready even though checkout is at 12. We had to wait till after 4 To check in, therefore we had to leave our bags at reception and go out
Instead of checking in freshening up After a long drive and going back out later

We then checked into our room, which was a family room. I don’t remember where I was booking that but anyway the view was basic. The bathroom was the smallest bathroom I’ve ever had in a hotel room
The beds were very comfortable though, and so were the pillows
It was very clean
The breakfast was great
The service was great too
The concierge car park man was very nice And so was the receptionist man with the mullet haircut
Location of the hotel was fantastic and facing the Clifford’s Tower

Everything was good, couldnt get a car parking space, which was annoying but did manage to park a 10 min walk away, which was ok.
Had breakfast which was good, evening meal menu was a bit limited, I didn't feel I had much choice.

Great location! Made use of the valet parking which was an additional £30 but worth it. Hotel was nice & clean & in a great location to see York but it was nothing special, was particularly disappointed that our room had no fridge for what we paid! Staff were all very friendly!

Brilliant rooms and location .| Very clean .

Excelente localización, céntrica a la par que tranquila, habitaciones limpias y confortables y muy buen desayuno. Destacar especialmente el excelente trato de todo el personal desde la recepción con Álvaro hasta el comedor, donde está Shirley detrás de la barra de cocina al momento haciendo las delicias de todos con su simpatía y buen hacer. Riquísimos sus huevos escalfados, en su punto perfecto, los mejores de todo York

Very nice, clean hotel, good value for money, didn’t cost as much as I thought, great parking for the disabled outside the hotel.

Not many parking spaces outside the hotel but has a car park directly across from the hotel. Parking free for disabled but expensive if having to pay. The car park is not in great condition though, it’s pot hole city.

The breakfast we paid extra for was fantastic and well worth the money, they had everything!

Hotel in a great location, so close to everything in York. York not great for the disabled especially if on a mobility scooter, every where is steep, uneven, narrow and rough on the ground. Not the safest access. Despite this, we loved it here and would happily stay in this hotel again.

Staff were alright and not unwelcoming but not the most friendly or down to earth sort.

Stayed here on a few occasions and only ever had one issue which was quickly resolved. Great location and the staff are polite and helpful.

Hilton York ดีมากๆ ทั้งบริการและห้องวิวสุดพิเศษ อาหารเช้าครบ สั่งไข่ได้ตามต้องการไม่ต้องกินไข่ดาวเย็นๆเหมือนที่อื่น

ตั้งอยู่ในจุดทึ่เดินไปเที่ยวได้ง่าย สะดวก เดินไปโบสถ์ York Minter , ตลาด Shamble Market และเดินเล่นบนกำแพงเมืองเก่า

ร้านอาหารอยู่ใกล้มากๆ Shopping สะดวก

แนะนำเลยค่ะ

เรื่องที่จอดรถ ให้จอง valet parking จะมีให้เลือกตอนที่เลือกห้องพักแล้ว เพราะจะได้จอดในอาคาร

ถ้าเห็นที่จอดรถหน้าโรงแรม เต็มตลอด และต้องไปวนเอง valet ดีกว่าค่ะ

Highest recommendations. Staff excellent. We will come again.

Found someone’s ball sack hair on the bed, was dirty, like it wasn’t clean

Absolute nightmare to deal with had a reservation and had to cancel due to unforeseen circumstances, tried to rearrange was declined, tried to cancel that was declined, had two wasted emails that wasn’t responded to, and two phone calls that were completely useless and waste of time the call handlers weren’t helpful whatsoever.

Unfortunately, the price-performance ratio was very poor. We are Gold members and had to carry our suitcases up a very, very steep staircase right at the beginning, which was quite inconvenient.

The room was very old and in need of renovation. Instead of proper heating, there was only a space heater. The chairs were almost falling apart, and the overall interior felt very careless and uninviting.

The bathroom was even worse: there was mold, half of the lights didn’t work, and there was rust. The bathtub-shower combination was very cramped, and there was hardly any space to put personal belongings. We were three people in a four-person room, yet only one person could store a few things in the bathroom.

Breakfast was also disappointing. There was very little variety, and the coffee machine took a long time to make a single coffee, which led to long queues. There were a few vegan yogurts available, but unfortunately they were already gone the next day.

In general, the hotel’s interior and bar area were not very appealing.

The only positives were the location of the hotel and the staff, who were all very friendly.

However, we paid an extremely high price (200 per night) for what felt more like a motel room. For that reason, we will not be returning.

Mooi uitvalsbasis als je in York bent. Alles op loopafstand. Fijne ruime kamer. En een goed ontbijt,met veel keuze.

Don’t be misled by the fact that this hotel carries the Hilton name or its star rating. Setting aside the location, even staying for one night was a genuinely unpleasant experience.

The bathroom was in poor condition the shower curtain was visibly dirty, and there was no basic hygiene kit. We even asked for a simple cotton pad and were told they didn’t have any (which makes you wonder what would happen in a basic first-aid situation).

Leaving that aside, there wasn’t even a bottle of water in the room. We woke up in the morning knowing checkout was at 12, yet not even a small bottle of water was provided until then. At the very least, a glass could have been offered so we could drink tap water.

I absolutely do not recommend this hotel. I have stayed at many Hilton properties over the years, and this is the first time I’ve encountered such a disappointing standard.

York Hilton 是我呢個旅程第三間Hilton酒店.  前兩間十點半已經可以check in   身為鑽石級會員未能提早Check in .但係職員非常有禮貌協助存行李  送熱飲卷 算係比較特別  之前都係送曲奇  週圍行完之後 四點先可以check in  這間酒店地理上算係唔錯 附近都有好多景點  房間沒有雪櫃  晚上嘅時候  開燈都比較昏暗  如果更改為淋浴間應該會更加好 特價較進取

Fantastic stay at this hotel!
From the moment of check in, to check out, the staff were friendly, warm and welcoming! Room was big enough, great big comfortable bed, View of the tower and aircon a bonus! Vlean and fresh. Bathroom a little small, but had everything you needed!
Great breakfast, lots of choice and fresh and hot!
Would definately recommend and stay again!

Room ok size but bathroom tiny and shower curtain over a bath is not great.

Been back since my first review and I have to say that all the rooms I have stayed in are not what I would regard as 4 star. All seems a bit tired. Customer service has also been a little mixed: vast majority of staff I have encountered are really lovely but some have not been great when it comes to customer service and that unfortunately is the impression I am left with. I am usually really loyal to the Hilton brand but I am afraid will not be staying here again when there are competitor hotels nearby which are certainly more 4-star in terms of rooms and facilities.

Staff very friendly and helpful. Room was clean and beds were comfortable.Breakfast was plentiful with a wide range of options to choose from

Great stay from start to finish. Friendly staff, clean rooms and facilities and a great breakfast.

The location is right in front of a lovely Castle, making it super special! You can sit down at the café and have your tea while the Castle is right outside the window!

Super close to the centre and all tourist attractions! Very easy to get to from the station and a nice wee walkable area!

The rooms were really nice and clean! Everything smelled clean as soon as we walked in! Clean sheets, clean mirror, clean toilet seat! Generally fine!

I am a big germaphobe, so can someone from Hilton please respond to this message and confirm any of these are in fact cleaned every time? The TV remote, the doorknob, telephone, the hangers, light switch, the curtains, the window handles, chairs, and the bed frame? Do you clean the walls, especially bathroom walls every time? The showerhead, the handles in the bath?

I loved the breakfast, a great mix of hot food and continental! Tea was nice! Staff were helpful! We ordered breakfast to the room one day and it was great! We got to choose what we wanted from the menu and hang it up outside for them to see our choices!

Only thing is, the whole point of wanting the breakfast up in our room was to get more sleep time. Staff called us at 9 am checking if we still wanted the room service which was a bit annoying! Also one of the days we went down to get breakfast and the table we were directed to was poorly laid, leaving us to gather cutlery and condiments from other tables.

The room service was amazing, we had people bringing toiletry top ups. We did order dinner to our room and they brought it inside which was amazing!

For dinner we called them at 11 which is very late, and the only available option was a margarita pizza! It is fair because it was quite late, but the hotel might want to consider having more dinner options available for late night room service, especially as they advertise 24/7 room service. Also £10 for two small bottles of Coke is unjustifiable.

The toilet has hand cream and hair conditioner, which is very thoughtful of them! It’s minor stuff like this, that says they care about having a high quality service!

I know having a fridge in the room is not something every hotel does in this country, but this is Hilton! Surely they can afford it! Also another minor thing was the toilet roll holder is poorly designed, the roll kept dropping from it as we used the bathroom!

But overall, the stay was lovely! Worth paying a little extra! Very lovely staff, nice location, nice rooms!

Please get back to me regarding my questions, thank you!

Location is the only thing going for this hotel. The car parking charge is extortionate, the hotel was dirty with the carpets lifting up, no grouting in the bathroom and a bathroom tap that barely reached the sink. So every time you washed your hands the water went everywhere. The shower went hot then cold and was in a bath. Something I haven't seen since the 1980's. The staff were friendly enough, the breakfast was adequate the normal buffet style over cooked stuff you get at most hotels.

Amazing  location poor staff I booked a room for my mums birthday  and we turned up valet staff was rude and made us feel uncomfortable  room was poor for 165 pound for the night i am sooo disappointed  ruined  my mother  birthday  gift

The location of the hotel is perfrect. The staffs are nice especailly we are arriving late at night. the room is clean alough a bit small, the only concern is the hotel is relatively old.Breakfast is great and you can create your own pancake which is amazing for the children

My husband booked for my birthday as we were going to see Jodie Comer in Prima Facie. The play was brilliant but the accommodation and general service was sadly lacking.
The room which was a balcony room had a great view of the Tower but we didn't reckon on being below the person/s above our room who decided midway during the night to move furniture around. Other points were don't bother asking for a drink after 11pm as you won't get one unless you order a bottle (which was not divulged when we put £100 credit onto the bar when we booked in). Bed was also about as comfortable as sleeping on a bed of nails. Little bit sad as I was so looking forward to this trip but it has turned out not to be as special as I hoped it would be.

We popped into the hotel bar for a drink as we were attending an event at the Castle Museum and were served by a delightful lady called Donna. She was very friendly and helpful and attentive to everyone.

Comfortable enough room, parking poor (not clear you needed to book valet parking and that no option to book on website was an indication it was fully booked). Great, central location. Good catering for gluten free for breakfast, eneving menu less inspirinh, bit lots of good restaurants in waking distance

部屋は思ったよりも狭いですが、朝食はオムレツも作っていただけたり、スタッフの方のご対応もとても良かった！
YORK駅からは離れていますが、観光は行きやすいので不便は全く感じなかったです。
部屋も清潔でバスタブ付きで綺麗なのでかなりオススメです。

Absolutely brilliant.  Rooms were clean, tidy and the beds were lush.  Only thing is I would say is more tea, coffee, sugar and milk as we were a party of 3

Great place to stay

The room had no working aircon and no heating, we had to ask for electric heaters. They had no alternative rooms. The room had recently had some work done and all you could smell was sealant. Considering the price, it wasn't worth it. If it was for more than one night, we'd have stayed somewhere else. Very disappointed.

Lovely place to stay. Efficient service, polite staff, super breakfast.

Location perfect. Hotel and rooms nice and clean. Breakfast was superb. Well worth the money.

Lovely stay at Hilton York for a work trip. Friendly staff, great rooms and meeting rooms. Snacks, lunches and breakfast were brilliant. Only issue was that there was some night time maintenance work happening which led to two team members needing to moved rooms.

Perfect stay! Room is very spacious and very clean. Beds and pillows are comfortable. The location is very strategic as well. Walkable to tourist spots and eatries. The buffer breakfast is beyond expectations! We enjoyed our breakfast. Highly recommended.

Clean tidy staff friendly location couldn’t be better beds comfortable

TOP !!

V busy and noisey. Older style shower curtains. No air con or ventilation but window does open.

Water heater not working. WiFi not working phone in the room not working. The experience tonight is really disgrace to HILTON

Freezing cold room, no room service even though advertised and wouldn’t allow a bottle of water past midnight… don’t stay here it isn’t an actual Hilton, its clearly dictated by a manager who doesn’t know what she’s doing.

Lovely little hotel slap bang in the middle of York, opposite York castle for added dramatic effect .it's just a stone throw away from the action but in a lovely area of York.

Check in was good and we booked the valet parking as during the Christmas rush we didn't want to be looking around for parking, tip for fellow travellers.

Breakfast is superb with a great variety of choices and everything is fresh .
Rooms are comfortable only downside are the pillows , didn't enjoy them as they felt hard , other than that superb.

From start to finish the staff have been superb . So hats off all and A Very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all .

Great hotel in central York with a really nice room and services. Unfortunatly, and this could def be a me problem, but i found the bed really rough to sleep in due to how firm and rock solid it felt. Also im a light sleeper so with it being central city it was very hard to sleep. I would reccomend if these dont bother you but if you are a light sleeper, id reccomend ear plugs. Besides that staff were lovely!

Great staff.   Great location . In winter it's fabulous

Gorgeous hotel, really good location and atmosphere. Breakfast was 10/10 and the bar was lovely too. Great Christmas break!

Perfect, nice place all round.

Suite was lovely, clean, had all the amenities you would need. Perfect location. The restaurant staff were lovely and helpful although the food could definitely be better. The walls to the rooms are paper thin so you can hear everything, so be prepared to not get any sleep until the sun comes up and the partying stops unfortunately.

Very nice hotel clean,staff polite meals to a high standard Rooms comfortable and clean service very goodLocation is perfect for all tourist spots

Exactly what you would expect from a premium hotel. Staff were amazing and the room was clean and functional. The view from the room was exquisite. If you are wanting to stay in York, this is where you should be.

我們一行三人，爸媽都挺滿意的！

要改善酒店入口通道，上落只有樓梯級，不方便攜帶重型行李。

Hilton York, 1 Tower Street

Perfect location for a York stay. Walk around the side of the hotel and you’re right in the city centre: JORVIK Viking Centre is about 100 metres away, Fairfax House is roughly 50 metres, and Clifford’s Tower is practically on the hotel’s doorstep. You’re also surrounded by plenty of bars, restaurants, and shops.

Our room was very well appointed and spotless, with a modern-classic feel throughout the hotel. It’s clearly well maintained, and our room’s view of Clifford’s Tower was amazing. The bar is modern and comfortable, and breakfast was a strong highlight—an extensive buffet plus a chef making eggs to order.

Parking-wise, pay for the on-site valet. There’s no self-parking at the hotel, and the nearby Castle car park is expensive, so valet is the easiest, best-value option.

Service was good overall—friendly and helpful—but not quite excellent; it could be a touch sharper and more responsive at times. That said, everything we needed was handled without fuss.

Overall, highly recommended. We visit York a few times each year and would definitely stay here again for the unbeatable location, comfortable rooms, and solid amenities.

Stayed at the Hilton York a double room. I prefer a firm mattress but that was completely uncomfortably hard. Room had pleasant decor however the bathroom dated and didn’t look the cleanest in the corners. Other guests being noisy in the early hours I wasn’t best pleased. That isn’t the fault of the hotel but probably the sign of the times. However I was awakened at 8am by a loud bang at the door. I got up to see the cleaner must have crashed the trolley into our room door. Not impressed

Good stay. You can fault the location- you are on the doorstep of the markets and the castle.
Parking is a bit of a nightmare, arrived at 12 (4 hours before check in) to be told that valet parking was full and they weren't expecting anybody else to be leaving it. Parking is available opposite but is very very busy and cost around £50 per 24 hours.

The hotel itself is immaculately clean and the staff take pride in what they do. The smell in the hotel is the exact same smell they use in IKEA and I would love to know what it is because I always think it smells lovely.

The rooms are very very small for the cost. Reminded me of university halls rooms rather than a hotel. Bed was comfy enough. Would recommend requesting not to be near the doors entrance to the foyers because any times the doors closed it sounded like a glass bottle being thrown into an empty bin.

As always brilliant.  The rooms are lovely, great view from the room.  The breakfast is the best breakfast you can find anywhere.  The staff are always warm and welcoming everyday

Location is great. Just next to York castle.
Rooms are good, small for hilton
Service is below level of hilton
Long waiting line in reception.
NO AC .. I repeat NO air conditioning in all rooms, only in lobby and some rooms.
They gave us fans to help with hot humid weather. They didn’t of course.
False info online saying they have AC and when I told them, they said we have AC in lobby and some rooms so yes there is AC but they forget to say that you might end up in rooms without AC 😅🤦🏻‍♀️💔
Yup and there was a spider on the roof of the room.
ماكو مكيف بكل الغرف.. غير مناسب بالصيف

Friendly & helpful staff, the rooms are clean,   comfy bed, coffee/tea making facilities. Very good breakfast . The shower could do with some grout cleaning, the heater is noisy, even if it switched off. There is a small gym room. The hotel is walking distance (15 min) from the train station & there are good restaurants close by.

Perfect location for the perfect weekend away

Fantastic location- nice and central to York and in the middle of everything. Perfect if visiting for a weekend trip. However, I can’t say the rooms were up to the usual quality I’d expect from Hilton. The beds were comfortable and there was a good amount of space, I booked a King Guest with View. Unfortunately, the “view” had a very small window so wasn’t worth the upgrade, and the room itself felt dated- especially the bathroom which had a blocked bath so when the shower was used you’d have a pool of water at your feet. I was only staying for a night and showered before checking out so I doubt the staff would have been able to do much. I did tell them at the front desk when I checked out and they were very apologetic. The TV did not have any internet accessible platforms like Youtube or Netflix and I didn’t bring a HDMI cable so was unable to watch anything. The umbrella dispenser also didn’t work and took my money, but a staff member was kind enough to fetch me one from the back. Speaking of, the staff were very friendly and definitely elevated the stay. The gym was not much to write home about, with dumbbells only going up to 20kg, but that’s to be expected at a hotel like this- although it was a pity because I’d hoped to get a decent workout in and they really should go up to at least 40kg. The hotel is pleasant enough, but for the price I can’t help but think there’s more value to be had elsewhere.

The room's heating/AC controls are a little bit outdated and need to be replaced.  It was difficult to get the room temperature just right. We had to ask for a portable heater to get it right.

We had a comfortable stay with a room overlooking the Mount. Checking in was erratic and Victoria on reception was somewhat rude. The other staff were very obliging.
In the room we noticed that in the u bend of the toilet and around the inner rim of the toilet there was a heavy build up of unpleasant looking limescale. Under the bed was dusty , also minimum coffee tea every day we asked for more at reception

Lovely hotel with friendly staff that is in close proximity to all the attractions in York. There is a gym for guest use but no swimming pool. The breakfast selection is extensive and suits àll tastes

Service & location was excellent.
The room (247) was really, REALLY cold though. Even with the radiator on full, it never got warm.
I noticed that the quilt was really thin, so in the afternoon, I asked for an extra blanket, but when it came it was SO thin, it didn’t make much difference.
Because of this, I didn’t sleep well as when I moved, the cold air seeped under the bedding, so I never warmed up at all.
It was warmer in the corridors than in the room!
I won’t stay here next time I  come to York. It really put me off.

Good location, parking pricey

Stayed here for one night in a double room with a sofa bed, was a comfortable room with great amenities. Sofa bed was big enough but mattress could’ve been a bit more comfortable as could feel the springs. Breakfast and valet parking were great. Hotel is in a great location to get to the city centre and just a 7 minute taxi ride to the racecourse!

Brilliant service all round. A pity about the bag mix ups at the end. Excellent food, amenities, Valet parking, bedrooms etc. Would recommend staying over. Also very well located and brilliant view of the castle  if you're fortunate enough to have a bedroom with a balcony overlooking the castle.

Room, staff and breakfast excellent but the website should make clear that you're not guaranteed a space in the car park - I had to park some distance away in a council car park

We stayed at the Hilton York and really enjoyed the location, it’s perfect, with lovely views of York Tower and just steps from historic sites and convenient shops. The front desk team were exceptionally polite and friendly, which made our stay very pleasant. Parking was just across the street, less than a minute’s walk away. The room was a bit small, and breakfast options were somewhat limited, but overall it was a comfortable and enjoyable stay in a fantastic location.

Upon arrival we were not greeted, he looked up, we spoke, tried to ask a few questions and paid £200 extra for breakfast. Slept ok but beds are hard. At breakfast the service attendant held up the queue as she said we hadn’t paid for breakfast, lucky I kept the receipt. She didn’t apologise for the embarrassment nor did the staff behind the desk. When we asked for gluten free options for our coeliac kids, we were told you’ll have to wait for up to half an hour for hash browns as we need to heat up oil, we replied that’s ok but she appeared annoyed, still no eye contact. The gf bread was hard like a brick and had white spors on it. As no waiter was available to tell I told the same waiter that checked us in who was chatting with the other two waiters. They all ran past me as soon as I told her to look at the bread I’m assuming, again no eye contact, no apology. The next morning at breakfast a different waiter asked if we were the same people from yesterday that are JUST gluten intolerant, we replied coeliac. He then said with a smirk that it was just flour and flapped his hand at us and walked away. However, I did note that the gf bread looked fresher than yesterday! Also, the lady cooking everyone’s eggs was wonderful. She greeted everyone good morning and had a smile.

I asked after breakfast at the check in if they had feedback forms but was told to go online. So here we are! I would have been happy to discuss in person but wasn’t given the option. The Premier Inn had better customer service.

Thx to the teammembers of the restaurant Sherley and 2 guys the man with the ponytail and the young man with curly hair who served Mum and me the 29/09 in the evening ...
During my stay We have a realy nice stay Experience
Aurelien and my mum Claudine

Very clean staff friendly and efficient great location and reasonably priced

Just got back after a 2 night away in the Hilton York.  Ellie (Deputy Manager) & William were amazing so helpful.  Food was amazing and all the staff were so friendly and made you feel very welcome.  Looking forward to our stay in December.

Room had mold in the sink
No A/C
Staff provided a fan and cleaned the mold quickly
Location is great for access to shopping and food

A lovely modern hotel in a central location. Very nice restaurant serving breakfast and other meals. Good supply of quality soaps in the bathroom, and a cute handy coffee maker which makes lovely coffee. Free cool drinks and biscuits tea etc which is a nice touch.

Nnot too far from the Shambles, 15 minute walk

Nice hotel but you can hear everyone's water going off shower, toilet etc. Don't think I'll be coming back again. And charge for parking £30 a night. Not for me .

Great location nearby to most attraction within walking distance.

I stayed at Hilton York for a work trip and had a great experience. The location is excellent, the service was consistently friendly and efficient, and the breakfast was fantastic with plenty of choice. The meeting rooms were spacious, well catered and ideal for business use. The gym is on the smaller side, but fine for a couple of days. The facilities are a little older, but everything is in good condition and well maintained. Overall, a reliable and very comfortable stay in the heart of York.

My 1st impressions was already disappointing as at check in they were not helpful very blunt and not welcoming. I let that go as i felt they mightve been busy and shes tired. I wasnt welcomed nor was i given wifi details. I stood couple of minutes before i was even acknowledged and there was no one there before me.
We booked 2 rooms,1 for 4 adults and 1 for 3 adults but the rooms are small, dark and dated.  The beds are definitely not double beds, its more like a small double. A fan was provided however when we turned it on i was covered in dust.  The bath tub looks dirty.
When i called front desk if anything can be done about the rooms i was told theres nothing they can do as the room is for 4 adults.
Really disappointed with the service at this Hilton hotel as i regularly stay at Hilton hotels and this is definitely not what the Hilton brand stands for.

Stayed for 2 nights end of august for a weekend away with the other half, staff were all friendly and helpful, Had the American female rugby team staying the same weekend, it was go to see the staff join the supports in lining up and cheering them on as they left the hotel for the game! Didn't get the chance to eat this time but did stop at the bar both evening, the other half enjoyed the cocktails! All the bar staff were great but an extra shoutout goes to Cristine for the helpful advise on the area and always being friendly!

Room was small but its a smaller hotel, everything very clean.

Great location highly recommend had one or two problems which was rectified quickly when brought to their attention very helpful staff me my wife and son had a lovely 3 day break thank you

Would stay again, the room was nice and the hotel was very close to everything.

The most comfortable bed and heavenly pillows 🤩 Fabulous view. Very professional service.

Outstanding service food so good loved the breakfast close to everything parking under the hotel the lovely staff will put it away for you

Had an afternoon cream tea here,as part of a  York day visit, which was arranged and organised by the tour company. Wasn't expecting much but was very impressed by the quality and service, very well done 👍

Beautiful place

I drive my car to the hotel at 1530pm, there have no staff in front of the entrance, and there have no parking space. I urgent to give off my car, and I line up in front desk.

Around 5-10min, final my tune and I ask the staff about parking, and the staff need my ID to verify, I forgot to bring my ID because of my urgent, than I go out and get my ID. I back to the hotel and other waiting.

Another 10min gone, my tune, she finally answer that I can’t park because of no more space… it just 3:30pm. Then I urgent go back to my car and drive to the public car park.

I return and another lineup…

And finally, I need to use 45min to check in that⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️hotel.

Finally, I have book breakfast, they forgot to tell me , so don’t forget ask.

Finally finally, there have few step before my room

Finally finally finally, I write this review for 30min, so that I really checked in and take rest at 4:30pm

Our second visit. Very good customer service. Very friendly and knowledgeable. The rooms are bright,airy and spotlessly clean. We had both a bath and a shower in our room. Fantastic view over Clifford's Tower. Very quiet in the evening despite being near a main road. Couldn't ask for a better breakfast, brilliant. Everything you could possibly want. We would highly recommend this hotel.

Nice view into someone living room,  rooms ok, squinty tv, bathroom smellt of glue? EvoStick! Bathroom needs replacing.  Great location though!

Lovely and clean hotel with everything you need for a good night's stay.

Helpful and friendly staff all round.

Great hotel

Great location, good food, nice rooms, comfy beds - strongly recommend!
Charlotte, Adrian, Mojde and Chelsea were particularly helpful, going out of their way to accommodate us - so thank you all for making us stay lovely!

Lovely hotel, great location,  but it was very hot day, not having air-conditioning in the room would put me off if it was during the summer months

Great hotel!

Positive: The balcony view of Clifford’s Tower and the lovely staff. Negative: ""

The town of York is awesome. Rooms not air con but there is a fan in the closet. Beds were comfortable.

Room and servicing was fine. Staff efficient and friendly at check-in and checkout.
Location was perfectly placed for all attractions in York.

I generally stay in Hilton hotels and this is consistently the worst. The rooms are shabby and the staff generally unhelpful or not around when you need something. The location is good though.

All good, my only issue was personal preference, the bed was rock hard. I didn't get a good night's sleep

Stayed a night here since I’m Diamond and like the Hilton brand. I didn’t feel there was anything extra with being Diamond (they did offer us free breakfast we didn’t partake in). The room was incredibly underwhelming for over £300 a night, small and the castle view was from a very small window. Asked to have the car brought around and was told they only do that when you’re in the lobby. Overall an underwhelming Hilton.

good location. but its strange that i cannot get my suit on the same day. i left my suit when i am check out but by the time when I get there about 4 pm . i was told they cannot go into the room . and ask me to come back tomorrow. its so strange. i am still very upet and bit angry. dont line this Hilton that much now

Great location with a nice bar area. Rooms are a little dated and car parking costs £30 a night which is too expensive.

PERFECT LOCATION. 2nd time I have stayed there and its perfect for its location. Obviously its  city hotel prices but I happily pay that for the level of hospitality and location and security. Plus the staff are really friendly and helpful.

Lovely location and close to the Barbican where we were seeing a show Friday evening.
Staff very friendly and Chelsea extremely helpful when we checked out.
Car park opposite but very expensive so used the valet service which good
Room ok bathroom could do with a refurbishment
For me expensive for what you got .

Nice hotel. Beds soft

Very good service. Comfortable room. Meals, breakfast and dinner were perfect.

No refrigerator in the room, using the supplied fan, a must on warmer days.  The servers in the restaurant  were more than happy to keep me supplied in ice and water.

Pretty typical Hilton great location

Rooms and facilities are a bit dated, but overall this was a great hotel. Great value for size of rooms and location. Would stay here again next time I’m in York.

Great hotel superclose to the center of this amazing town. Nice room, fine bathroom. Super breakfast buffet. Personal all very friendly and helpfull. We enjoyed our stay very much.

Great location,friendly staff, especially the breakfast people.

Really lovely hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful. We had a great room (disabled facilities) And 5***** for breakfast choice 😋

We had a great stay at the Hilton in York. The front desk staff was excellent, offering suggestions on dining, sightseeing, making taxi reservations and getting WiFi. The breakfast is wonderful - full English breakfast, tasty pastries, unlimited cappuccino or other coffees, fresh fruit, meats and cheeses, makeral, fresh greens, muffins, breads. The rooms are spacious. Ours had a view of Clifford’s tower and had a Nespresso coffee machine. Hot water was plentiful, big fluffy thick towels and crisp high quality sheets. Air conditioning! Best sleep of the trip. Location is excellent. Tour bus stops across the street. Great choice!! No negatives at all. Again, front desk staff is first rate.

Just too expensive.

Staff really helpful, hotel nice & clean, smelt nice & water in lobby. Room perfectly fine...only issue was the handwash was empty & quite a trek from the train station.

Hotel site is amazing for everything you need. Great view out to the tower. Rooms a bit aged. A/C difficult to use

Clean well appointed room, staff were helpful and friendly but the bed would have to be one of the hardest I have ever tried to sleep on. Duvet eas barely large enough to cover the bed and pillows were a soggy heap. Overall all not conducive to a good night's sleep.

Have been coming here for years and it's a perfect location to visit a wonderful city.
Could use a refresh due to age but it's a good experience.

Staff are so friendly and can't do enough for you. The location is perfect for walking to the centre. Public parking close by. Breakfast was lovely and fresh and a good choice for the day ahead.
We did hear some noise from the road below, I think it was morning deliveries, but this was after 7am. A great view of Clifford's Tower from the room. A thoroughly enjoyable stay. Christine at the bar is lovely and very knowledgeable too. Was nice to come back to a lovely hotel after a full day, very relaxing. Will definitely be back.

I stayed for 4 nights for work. First night I had a bath, black sludgy bits came out of the tap and were in the corners around the bath. Clearly not been cleaned properly. Towels are super rough.
Bed is hard.
No air-conditioning so the room was boiling.
Found old sweets on the floor behind a chair so room hasn't been cleaned properly. I dread to think about the dirt I've not seen.
Room is a bit tired not exactly 4 star standard.
Wouldn't recommend, I won't be booking a hilton hotel again. Really disappointed

The room doesn't have air conditioning installed. Rooms are very warm even in the spring season.

Hotel a bit old, better do some renovation. The WiFi can’t working. For me this hotel only 3 star ⭐️. The location very good  the hotel not provide parking and they charge 30 pound for overnight.

It’s a good hotel , but the facilities need to be upgraded

I gave it three stars as it was a birthday treat /surprise from my wife. Great location, the room was okay but the bed was too low like sleeping on the floor. Staff were friendly and helpful on advice on getting around. The breakfast was okay not like the advert on the TV and gets rather busy to find somewhere to sit.  It's the location that makes it popular.

Ótima experiencia, funcionários muito solicitos, localização muito boa, próxima a estação de trem e próxima ao centro, quartos confortáveis, ponto ruim: não possuía frigobar. Ponto positivo: localização e cafe da manha.

Overall a decent hotel with the best part being breakfast.
Rooms are outdated and a bit scruffy looking compared to images provided - i.e bath looked battered and bathroom old fashioned. Room was nothing special very basic but the bit that annoyed me massively was that on Booking.com, the hotel just has a tick next to parking - actually on arrival we were told it's concierge parking only and immediately charged an extra £60 upon arrival for parking 2 nights - on top of the cost of the hotel that was a bit of a joke (then costing extra by the hour after check out to to stay longer)!

Perfect location with valet parking.  Friendly & professional welcome. Basic but clean & comfortable room.  We would be happy to recommend & return in future.

During our two night stay at The Hilton York, the waitresses Amie and Christine were absolutely outstanding at their job during our evening meals in the restaurant.
Thank you,  to the both of them for their excellent approach in making our meal perfect.

Also I would like to mention Malcolm the Concierge for his help friendliness and efficiency, , it's wonderful to have such friendly and helpful staff and makes the stay just that more perfect.

Excellent location to the theatre we were attending. Reception staff were lovely, very helpful. Room was clean and pillows were amazing!!

Was a great stay. Nice rooms and good service.

great place

Amazing service, helpful and friendly staff, nice and central. I would 100% recommend i had an amazing time and felt so welcoming!!

Stayed here for three nights to do the tourist thing in York. The hotel is well located, a very short walk from everything the city has to offer. Walking from the train station is also quite easy, about 20 minutes. The room was very clean and comfortable, and quiet. Plenty of space in the room, although the bathroom was a little cramped - but not a problem. Plenty of power outlets near the bed for charging, and the sockets had both usb-a and usb-c sockets on them, the first time I have seen this, a very handy feature. The breakfast buffet was wonderful, with views out over the castle across the street. The staff could not have been more helpful when I asked to change rooms - they were the best of any Hilton I have stayed in in the UK. Highly recommended.

Enjoyed my stay and in walking distance for York town center and attractions

Albergo carino con camere piccole, nella mia la vasca era presente ruggine, non è possibile,  l aria condizionata presenta problemi nella regolazione della temperatura, ottimo il letto ,bellissima la vista sul castello. Personale eccezionale ristorante per colazione ottimo, anche la cena è stata eccellente .tutto sommato un buon soggiorno

Pleasant business hotel with attached restaurant.

Perfect location for a city break. York is a beautiful place and the hotel compliments this.
Great staff in all areas and the hotel has good parking facilities too.

I've stayed in one of the refurbished rooms and it was great! Comfortable beds, spacious, very clean, nice bath!
Amazing breakfast. And very lovely, kind staff!

Very nice location. Room was spacious but they started to renovate at 9am in the morning! They could have started from 11am tbh.

Just spent two nights in this hotel. It was very nice. The room was lovely very clean we had Breakfast and I will say it was lovely such a good selection of food. Eggs pancakes cooked just for you. Very helpful and friendly staff. The location is excellent.

Great location within walking distance of the city centre and most of the visitor attractions.
To be fair the hotel was going through refurbishments and so could be quite noisy.
Only complaint I would have was
that the beds were not the most comfortable I have stayed in.
Breakfast was excellent and general service very good.

Stayed here many times.

Just returned from a stay here, sadly disappointed, it’s rate when we have complaints about Hilton stays and being diamond members we stay all over the world.  We arrived early evening on Weds to find that there were renovations being carried out to the rooms, this was no where to be seen on booking, and we were offered ear plugs 😩 we had booked a double tower view which wasn’t really a tower view according to staff, but were told there were no other rooms available then 10 minutes later we were told there was a cancellation a king with view, what we weren’t told was that this was one of the in process renovation rooms so no dressing table mirror, the back of the desk wasn’t connected to the wall, only a mirror on the back of the door or bathroom, it was a really dark room as very little lighting, the TV wasn’t working, ear plugs never arrived, noise from a craned truck started at 7.40am, as a disabled person needing a place to sit and get ready this was not a suitable room at all and we weren’t aware this was in the renovation stage until the following morning, if this was a renovation room the designer needs to be looked at, really old fashioned and cheap looking and being used without being finished isn’t acceptable, really disappointed and left straight after breakfast, the location is fantastic and breakfast was great but everything else was very disappointing sadly

Fantastic Hotel. Great rooms etc. staff very helpful and smart. Room window would not shut and a draft resulted, closed the curtains to stop that and great. Will visit again

Staff were very friendly, food was decent

Rooms are bit older and the bed was stiffer than I prefer but otherwise fantastic location and friendly staff. Of note for those driving parking is provided on sight and car park across from the hotel is NOT long stay with less the 6 hours for options.

Don’t waste your time booking here. Terrible is one word to sum this place up.
Our room was very dated and stunk of cigarettes on arrival. Next doors toilet was leaking and therefore the entire room flooded, all of the bathroom and carpet! We were then moved to a room that hadn’t been cleaned after continuously asking to move. We were firstly told they were fully booked by a rude member of staff. This new room had a leaking shower and was unclean. We will absolutely not be returning to this hotel. There’s much better places to stay in York.

Lovely rooms and exceptionally helpful staff

If you are an American Hilton Honors member, here is an honest review for you:
-Book out way ahead and do not book non-refundable through the Hilton Honors app. They will not make an. exception under any circumstances, even if you want to spend more money at hotel.
-No executive lounge or perks besides breakfast. Breakfast is lovely here but when bringing food to my teen daughter in room, they stopped me and said you can’t bring food out. Weird. They said it was because if anything happened with the food they are at fault? Even more weird.
-Don’t expect to be treated special in any way for being a Hilton Honors member. This goes for all of UK Hiltons. They are mostly inflexible and really into adhering to policy. Not sure if it’s a cultural thing but it’s not customer service focused in any way. They didn’t ask if I wanted an upgrade and I had to remind them breakfast is “free” with gold member status.
-The location is really awesome. Easy access to everything there is to do and see. There are fans in the wardrobe for those of us who need white noise to sleep.
-Peloton subscription not on bike. You can’t log in and use your account. Isn’t that a perk of Hilton hotel gyms?
-Overpriced.

Hilton here is just very different from Hilton experiences in the states. I’d say that you could stay at Premier Inns and skip the high cost of these properties, which is what I’m doing in Scotland. I think you’d be just as happy. I say this as a loyal Hilton customer. Though I’d also say the luxury experience with this brand is slowly dying.

Went in for lunch, lovely food and staff

We booked a Christmas party night but a large party pulled out so disco was cancelled.  Paid £49 for a three course no choice set menu. They gave us 2 bottles of wine between 6 of us. I don't drink wine but wouldn't give me an alternative.  The service was good but at the end of the day we had booked it for the disco. We will not be returning next year.

We stayed here Dec 6-9, 2024.  The room Was adequate, it was dated. We couldn’t sleep at all, the windows were so old that the wind howled all night.  A very high pitched whistle.  I went down to complain to the desk, and there was a line of people all complaining about the same thing. I was told by the staff there was nothing they could do. The parking is horrible, they have you parked across the street in a city lot, You have to go out and put money otherwise they will tell you and/or ticket you.

Amazing hotel. Defenetly will back

Great place to stay excellent service

Unfortunately had a poor experience here, had no sleep at all due to the radiator being broke in the room so was at a high heat the entire night which was really uncomfortable. Also very noisy outside until early hours but had to sleep with window open as it was just too hot. Spoke to manager this morning only to receive a sorry. Just felt disappointed overall, considering the price of the rooms I expect a half decent sleep. Wouldn't stay again

Really enjoyed our stay! Room was nice and clean, the staff were lovely and accommodating and the location right infront of the castle is great. Lots of shops nearby and a nice walk down the river.

Booked 4 rooms with sofa beds for my family, months ago as a family treat, very small rooms small double bed no room around the bed no plugs side of bed radiator not working, bathroom minute, cud hardly turn round very dated rooms duvet cover had a large black footprint on it nxt day thought duvet cover been changed only to find it had been turned over the duvet itself n duvet cover were of poor quality, I paid £2,250 for 2 nights for 4 rooms I very rarely post reviews but it needed to be said we hoped to have eaten in restaurant as it was a birthday celebration also but when my daughter chk nearer the time was told there was Xmas parties on UNIVERSAL UROLIGISTS Party! We ate in bar separate tables they got my meal wrong by time my meal came I was eating on my own went to book breakfast for nxt day was told had to pay before midnight £15, if pay on day it will be £20 all these things just spoil the whole visit really. To top it off I left my new glasses in hotel room on day of leaving I rang as soon as I got home after a 5 hr car journey to be told they'd ring me nxt day , I rang myself to be told no they weren't found I asked if they cud chk again room 248 I just felt they cudnt be bothered but to me £280 glasses just shudnt be wrote off. Location is good but I'd never stay again.

The staff were very friendly and helpful when I couldn’t figure out the heating system, I was lucky and had a room overlooking the castle, the breakfast was great all cooked well and great selection. However I found the rooms to be dated and rather basic for the price, small things like the plugs didn’t drain well and the lack of plug sockets next to the bed. Also not sure if it was just my room but a lot of the switches didn’t seem to do anything

Gotta pay for parking and 20$ breakfast
Crazy

I chose the DoubleTree by Hilton Birmingham Perimeter Park because I typically trust the Hilton brand. This stay did not meet even basic expectations. From the moment we arrived, the condition of the property raised concerns. The parking lot was visibly unkempt, with trash present, and there is a posted sign stating “park at your own risk” with no liability for loss or damage. At the same time, guests are required to pay for parking. Charging for parking without any visible security, patrol, or controlled access is difficult to justify. During check-in, I accidentally left my wallet at the front desk. After getting to our room, I realized it was missing and called the front desk multiple times with no answer. We went back downstairs, and the clerk confirmed he had my wallet. While I was relieved it was there, what followed was unacceptable. He had my wallet, knew exactly who I was and what room I was in, yet made no effort to contact me. I then had to ask him directly if he saw the incoming calls. His response was that he did see them and chose not to answer. There was no explanation and no urgency. Given the lack of communication, I had no choice but to assume the worst and immediately cancel my cards to protect myself. That added unnecessary stress and disruption to what should have been a routine check-in experience. We were also given incorrect information at check-in regarding breakfast. We were told it was included, but after eating on our second morning, we were informed it was not. To her credit, a staff member stepped in and handled the situation professionally. That was the only moment during our stay that reflected the level of service I expect from Hilton. The room itself showed signs of poor maintenance, including visible stains on the carpet. The TV connection was weird. Always disconnected from the service and multiple remotes. Additionally, there was a repeated police calls to the property, which was alarming and added to an already uncomfortable environment. Between the condition of the property, the lack of security despite paid parking, and the handling of a lost wallet, this stay fell well below expectations. I expect better standards, communication, and accountability from a Hilton-branded hotel. I would not stay at this location again, and I hope management takes this seriously and addresses both property conditions and staff.

Perfect location on Hwy 280 near the Summit for shopping and dining.
Our room was large, on the end and overlooking the pool— seemed nice.
The problem was the pillows on the bed. They were very large and thick— more like decorative pillows than sleeping pillows. My husband and I both woke in the middle of the night with neck pain. We decided to not use the pillows and just try to sleep on just the bed. That was very uncomfortable as well.
For this reason, I’m rating it low.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Rooms are in dis-repair, (both times we stayed) there was no luggage carts, no free parking, every ice machine was broken in the building and elevator was down. Overall for the 200+ dollars a night I expected much more and would not stay there again.

Worst experience I have ever had. Was not allowed to check in my room until after 10:00pm. That’s 6 hours after check in time. Staff was not helpful at all. They could not guarantee the room would be clean nor that we could have adequate towels. I should receive a full refund for both rooms booked. If I decided to check out 6 hours later I would be charged an additional day. Therefore my rooms should be comped.

Front desk check in clerk was an amazingly friendly lady with a lot of Alana knowledge. Rooms and inside were clean and well maintained. Parking needs some attention with picking up trash and litter. Warning: very high speed bumps near entrance and scalding hot water. Great stay!

Absurdly poor managed property. Arrive at 5pm to a lobby full of people - no rooms ready. 15+ year running Diamond member here. Excuse I was given - we had a large party arrive late last night and we’ve been sold out. Good for y’all, not sure how that’s my problem. A late check-in doesn’t constitute a late check-out, unless you as a property allowed it, which again, isn’t my problem. Was told that I’d be given priority as soon as a room is ready - I’ve now watched 10 or more people get checked in while I continue to sit here waiting. Last time staying at this property when visiting Bham - stay away at all costs if it’s a busy weekend in the area.

We booked this hotel, even though there was a few other options that were cheaper because we were hoping to stay somewhere nice for family trip. We were all left feeling disappointed. Probably the most disappointing part about the experience was how poorly we all slept because the smoke alarm strobed flashing lights all night. The bathroom light was burnt out. The toilet paper dispenser was broken, and it just did not feel well maintained. The hotel overall felt very mediocre and I was disappointed that a continental breakfast cost $19. My mother-in-law tried to get coffee from the breakfast side because the hotel coffee didn’t taste good and they tried to charge her $5.50 for a cup of black coffee.

Positive: The customer service was amazing Negative: ""

What a great night sleep. We stayed over for one night and left before the sun rose. The pillows and mattress are the main attraction. We slept very comfortably and my man raved about the pillows (that means he mentioned it in without prompting). The bathroom, room, and amenities were clean. I gave it a four because the smoke detector light flashed all night and the air conditioner seemed to not have snowballs as an option. We were Luke warm. We will return.

Service at this location is normally excellent. We’re usually greeted with warm cookies, smiling faces, and great customer service. Unfortunately, this visit was the complete opposite.
I was given cookies at both check-in and check-out that were not warm. They came from the warming station, but they were still cold. When I asked at checkout if something had changed, I was told, “We don’t make them hot because it’s like cooking them again.” That explanation didn’t make sense, especially since the DoubleTree brand literally advertises warm cookies and is known for that experience.
Additionally, there was no body wash in my room, and the blanket had a stain on it. I checked in late and was too tired to report it at the time, but I left feeling very disappointed.
This stay did not reflect the quality I’ve come to expect from this location.

Good location near a few good restaurants and bars. The hotel bar is nice but don't plan on watching the TV. Light fixture block the view.

This review is truly for the bar. The hotel could use a little facelift however, Vante the bartender made it a time! So personable and did a great job working the bar for our group. Drinks made to perfection! The location of the hotel is perfect for the museum visits.

Very nice.  Breakfast buffet is good but pricey.  Clean and staff friendly

We called three weeks in advance specifically to book a suite with a sofa bed to accommodate our group. Unfortunately, when we arrived, the room did not have a sofa bed, which was very disappointing since that was the main reason for booking the suite.
On top of that, when we went to take showers, there were only two towels provided for four people, which was inconvenient and unexpected.
Overall, the lack of accuracy with the room reservation and basic amenities made our stay frustrating. Better communication and attention to guest needs would greatly improve the experience

I am writing to formally recognize an outstanding member of your team, Jane Rollins, at the DoubleTree by Hilton Birmingham Perimeter Park.||My daughter and I have stayed at this location twice monthly over the past year and a half when we are in town for church services at Rock City Church. While one or two staff lack the service gene ( Sara or Susan)  Jane has consistently provided the most exceptional customer service. Quite simply, she is the crème de la crème. She remembers us by name.||I manage a high rise condominium in Atlanta where I have my own front desk team so I appreciate and reward great service when received!||From the moment we arrive, Jane greets us warmly by name, ensures our check-in is seamless, and goes above and beyond to make our stays feel personal and welcoming. On more than one occasion, she has proactively confirmed our room preferences and handled last-minute adjustments with grace and efficiency. Her attention to detail and genuine care never go unnoticed.||In hospitality, consistency is everything — and Jane delivers excellence every single visit. Because of her professionalism, kindness, and attentiveness, your hotel feels like a home away from home for us.||Please extend our deepest appreciation to Jane for the remarkable service she provides. Team members like her are invaluable and deserve to be recognized for the positive impact they make on guests and on your brand.||Warm regards,||Crystal Gladney rm 821

Service was excellent. Everyone was pleasant, happy,helpful, and efficient. The stay was comfortable. The only recommendation I have is about the bathroom. Mine was a handicapped room. Although I am not handicapped, the sink/counter height is pretty tall. I am 5'7" and had a hard time reaching the faucet and the back of the counter to get the soap.

Good value hotel excellent breakfast

Front desk guy named James was amazing. Got to the hotel and the system was down for hours. Waited two hours in the lobby and he did everything he could to accommodate us. He gave out cookies, water, appetizers, cupcakes, etc. and even had a deck of cards for us to stay busy. Give him a raise! His service 5/5! Being up 14+ hours and couldn’t check in 0/5

It's a very good area. If you're looking to try different kind of food, shopping, and lets not forget the AMC theater, well you are in the right area.

I enjoyed my stay.  The staff and service was great.  The only negative was the mattress.  If you have chronic lower back pain (herniated disk) you are in for a rough night sleep.

Great property!  The rooms are clean, food is great and the service was fantastic.

I haven’t traveled much the last few years, but this was one of the most disappointing hotel experiences I’ve had. The property is clearly dated and in need of serious updating. The front desk staff was unfriendly and unwelcoming from the moment I arrived, which set the tone immediately.

To make things worse, I was charged for parking — not even convenient parking, just a basic spot way in the back of the lot that required a long walk in. There was nothing premium about it. Then, after I had already checked in, I was informed the air conditioning was having issues. That’s something guests should know before committing to a room.

And to top it off, breakfast was an additional $14. For the price paid, that should have been included — especially given everything else.

Very frustrated and extremely disappointed with this stay. I expected far better.

Doubletree experience. There was no soap nor conditioner in the shower dispensers. I called the front desk at approximately 6:30 p.m. CST and the desk attendant told me housekeeping was gone and she could not leave the desk. I shared that we were showering and found there was no soap so I could not go downstairs. Attendant said she would try finding the maintenance man and ask him to bring it. I called back James said he would try finding us some because he was unaware that the first call was made. Approximately 10 minutes passed and my husband decided to make the 2nd call. He spoke with James at approximately 6:51 PM CST after the phone had rung for a long log period of time. James said he was getting soap for us to come down and pickup from the desk, since housekeeping and staff were gone for the day.  I couldn’t believe at 6:50 PM no one was available to assist room guests. James rushed my husband off the phone stating he had other guest in front of him that needed to be served.  At approximately 7:11 PM EST, the maintenance man knocked on the door and handed my husband 2 dispensers; one with soap and the other with conditioner but did not inquire about installing it & walked away. This location displayed terrible Customer Service during our stay. No free parking, it’s $10/day thru a third-party vendor.

Sehr gemischter Eindruck:
Zimmerservice war komplett ausgefallen. Keine Betten gemacht, kein Bad geputzt, keine frischen Handtücher für drei Tage. Kam Abends zurück, Schlüssel für das Zimmer hat nicht mehr funktioniert dafür hin ein "do not disturb" Schild (von wem auch immer an der Tür).
Rechnung am Ende über 100$ teurer, als von Booking.com avisiert. Eine Erklärung dafür konnte nicht gegeben werden.
Parkplatz vor der Haustür muss bezahlt werden, über Telefonabrechnung, was bei meinem deutschen Telefon aber nicht funktioniert hat. Bei Zimmerpreisen von über 200$ würde ich die Parkgebühren als inkludiert erwarten. Frühstück maximal Standard. Die Bedienung war so damit beschäftigt die Rechnungen auszuteilen, dass sie darüber wohl keine Zeit hatte das ausgegangene Toastbrot aufzufüllen. Schön, dass man in USA ja die Wahl zwischen den Hotels hat. Hier werde ich zukünftig sicher nicht mehr übernachten.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

.

I am writing to formally express my dissatisfaction with the service I received during my stay.
Upon entering the room, I found it to be in unacceptable condition. There was hair in several areas, and the bedsheets were stained, clearly indicating that the room had not been properly cleaned. I immediately brought this issue to the attention of a woman who was outside the room at the time. She stated that she would take care of it; however, she never returned and no solution was provided.
Additionally, a woman who appeared to be an inspector was walking around the premises while speaking loudly on her phone on speaker mode during a video call. This behavior was highly unprofessional and created an uncomfortable environment for guests. When I decided to politely ask her to lower her voice, I realized that she did not speak English, which made communication difficult. I believe the establishment should have trained staff who are able to communicate in English and conduct themselves in a professional manner at all times.
Overall, I found both the housekeeping service and the front desk service to be extremely poor and well below acceptable standards of cleanliness, customer service, and professionalism.

Good location for short visits. Lots of food choices and restaurants around. Wish their rooms have microwaves.

DoubleTree is five-star all the way. From the moment you walk into the lobby—complete with their legendary signature aroma—you can tell they pay attention to details. The rooms are spacious, comfortable, and exceptionally clean, and the amenities are thoughtfully set up for every type of traveler, whether you’re here for business or leisure. Great experience from start to finish, and I’d absolutely stay here again.

Syble at the front desk was cheerful pleasant and helpful. Anastasia who was working breakfast so so sweet. Their continental breakfast was delicious with so many great options. Their dinner was a welcome respite after a long day of driving. It was surprisingly delicious. One of the best hotel restaurant dinners I have ever had. The rooms were quiet and spacious. The bathroom was comfortable. The shower was better than most hotel showers. I liked the way the soap smelled (Pillows were the only bad part of the experience but I dont like feather pillows that Hilton uses)

Nice service. Very nice location. Room was middle of the line. GFCI receptacle back box in bathroom was completely coming out of wall. Cable port for TV Ethernet was completely off of the wall. We came in from work at 11:00pm to our air conditioner being out. Paid $10 a night for parking. Had to pay for breakfast.

I really enjoyed my stay the staff was very helpful and friendly

Apparently it’s ok to get 150$ stolen if you dont notify them that you’re coming in late after a 8 hour drive. Big scam

First time staying at this hotel and found it to be excellent. Most importantly, the mattress was totally comfortable. Perhaps second most, the room felt expansive and updated. And perhaps third most important, the people working here were gracious and helpful.

Came here for a Bowl game. Wouldn't recommend this hotel. Breakfast isn't complimentary, it's $19. Wifi is $4.95/day. Parking is $10/day. Yes, you have to pay to park at this location.

Being a Hilton Member and having multiple stays around the country, this is the first Hilton that I've encountered that has EVER charged for those things listed.

Outside of the things mentioned, staff was pleasant.

Stopped for an overnight stay. $10 for parking seems a bit ridiculous, but it was a minor irritant more than anything. The entire place was very clean and the staff was friendly.

My biggest complaint is it was listed as having a restaurant attached. When I looked further on the website, it’s not so much a restaurant as a quick service takeout style bar with very limited options. The room also did not have a microwave, which was a bit annoying.

The location is a bit strange, as it is secluded on a hillside next to a gym and an expensive steakhouse on an extremely busy road.

The outside did have a pool, which was closed due to the season. It was obvious the whole area was not a priority because it’s not prime time for outdoor lounging.

I docked a point for the room, as one of the lamps just flat out did not work. Something a guest should not have to call about. The sleeping arrangement is fine for overnight, but the bed is very firm and the pillows extra plush. Just not my cup of tea, so to speak.

This is not a 4 star hotel. It is barely a 3 star hotel. Run down, old, in need of repair. Room had broken handle in bathroom door, never fixed, sink was dirty and no apology given, walls are thin, no towel hook, shower curtain old

We opened the sheets and there was dried blood on them. When we asked for new sheets no one came to make the bed, they just handed them to us and made us do it ourselves. The room didn’t get below 74 degrees even with the air on. At EIGHT AM, housekeeping banged on our door, woke us up, and tried to enter TWICE when check out isn’t until 11 even after we said “no thank you.” On top of that, I woke up with a mystery rash. Probably from the sheets. Would not stay here again.

It's actually a great hotel but there are a couple of reasons I didn't give it a 5 one which is the biggest they do not have microwaves in the rooms which is a huge inconvenience and I forget and book here every time also they've started charging 10.0 a day for parking. I could understand if it was a parking garage,covered out of elements but it's not and the only monitoring is the guy coming by to check and see if you paid. Other than that it's a nice hotel.

Great location for my business travel.  Friendly staff.  About a ten minute car ride from the shops at The Summit.  Several restaurants and shops available within walking distance.

I have stayed at this hotel for years to go Christmas shopping but this will be our last time. Made reservations for 2 night and when they confirmation it was for 1 then when we tried to correct it the rate changed. PARKING CHARGE IS 12.00 A NIGHT AND NOTHING WAS SAIDABOUT IT BEFORE WE GOT THERE. PLUS THEY HAVE A SIGN SAYING NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR DAMAGE OR THEFT FROM YOU CAR.

Great place
One must purchase breakfast but otherwise great place!

Hotel complaints:||This looked like a good hotel online and it’s really pretty from the outside and even inside it looks nice. But there were so many little issues that stacked up that this is definitely a hotel I’ll NEVER return to. I’ve stayed at plenty of roadside hotels that were BETTER than this Hilton property. My pros are at the bottom but I’ll start with the cons:||CONS:|This is the noisiest hotel room I’ve ever been in! |1. Dripping CONSTANTLY. It NEVER stopped - we thought it was the bathroom but it’s from the A/C exchange in the ceiling. There’s no way to turn it off and it sounded like a dog slurping out of its bowl all night.|2. Every time the A/C cut off it sounded like a pressure release valve with hissing and the whole nine yards and it woke us up throughout the entire night. And there was no way to just keep the A/C running  - it kept turning on and off. |3. The smoke detector has a bright flashing green light that goes off every few seconds - all night long without fail. Most smoke detectors have lights but they are either one steady light or a light that flashes every few minutes. But this one had a bright light that flashed constantly and it was extremely distracting from sleep.|4. Parking - $10/night to self-park in a lot that is only for the hotel with NO gate and NO security and a sign that says “park at your own risk”. First of all, I booked through USAA and it said I had paid everything in advance and no parking fee was mentioned so that was a surprise. Secondly, this lot is only for hotel guests. This is not a commercial area and they have two huge lots for the hotel! And why am I paying to park at my own risk?!! If you’re going to charge me at least have some security cameras or a rent a cop! What we’re actually doing is paying to not get towed out of the lot that is just built for the hotel. (We were told by staff that Hilton started this at all properties in August 2024, but the DoubleTree in my town does not charge for parking.) We don’t care about free waters in the room - give us our free parking back. |5. We were charged a $50 deposit when we checked in, also something that was not told to us ahead of time. We have stayed at many, many hotels and have never been charged a deposit. |6. Poor customer service - the staff isn’t even friendly! This is supposed to be the south! And we had someone message us who was completely unprofessional - I took a screenshot of the exchange. She does not know how to talk to customers!! And we didn’t even order through Expedia. (We asked the front desk about this text message and they said she is a real person who works there.)|7. Bathroom - many issues in the bathroom. The lighting is really low. I couldn’t even see the back of my hair in the mirror when I was trying to check what it looked like. Water comes out from the shower onto the floor. The bathroom door doesn’t close properly - it’s a farmhouse door that slides across the opening and there is a wide gap on the side and you can see completely into the whole bathroom. So you can’t shut or lock the door and maybe that’s not an issue if you’re alone or with your spouse but if you’re traveling with friends or schoolmates etc you’re going to want the privacy of a bathroom door that actually shuts and locks! It’s also a very heavy door to slide closed. The bathroom lotion is “anchored” to the wall but the hooks are falling out of the wall (see pic). |8. The bedside tables and the bench are poorly made. The legs were wonky and not tight. One of the bedside tables had an entire piece of it laying on the floor underneath it (see pic).|9. The pool is tiny and filthy! (It looked way worse in person than the picture.) If it’s not usable in the winter they should cover it!||Pros: |1. The room was very clean. I never found one stray hair on any surface or towel and I usually do. |2. Smart tv allows you to connect to your favorite streaming service. |3. The lady at the service desk when we left was really nice when we told her about all of our issues. She was the only nice staff we encountered. I’m not sure of her name but she was working the front counter at 730am on Friday, Nov 7th, 2025.||Whoever owns this property needs to visit in disguise as a regular traveler and see how they are treated and if they would pay money to stay here. (Try room 405 but from the other reviews I’ve now found, it looks like many people have had issues with this hotel.) When you pay for a brand name that specializes in hotels, you expect a lot more than you would get at a roadside motel.

The service at the desk and restaurant were fantastic. Several ice machines were not working.

Best stay ever

Worst stay of my history of staying at Hilton. Found half a weave basically under my pillow. Front desk ga e a slight discount on additional night and refuses to give the points that was promised to me. Hasn’t been helpful at all or the customer service.
Multiple hairs in the bathroom and sink and hella under the pillow. Think twice before staying here. Gross

Tonya at the front desk was excellent. There were several large events this weekend and the hotel was extremely busy. She was pleasant, helpful and extremely efficient and attentive.

It's Birmingham, how do I rate location. They charge for parking in a business park.  We are surrounded by parking. Another hidden fee.  I am tired of hotels with creative add on fees.

Business Travelers should avoid. This hotel offers old mattresses, loud environment, and overpriced breakfast…but you get a Cookie!! lol

Seriously, it is not worth the price. They host kids sports teams on weekends and during my stay a motorcycle convention of some type. I spent 5 days wishing I had stayed at Hampton Inn.

The parking fees are just another way the hotel squeezes customers. Stay elsewhere.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

10/10 experience I wanna thank Reese she was super helpful and Kim for being extremely professional

My kids and I were on our way back from Panama City and wanted to get a room for the night and finish our drive the next day so we stopped here for a couple rooms for the night and everyone was very nice! The rooms were absolutely beautiful. The only thing I would say I would like better is if the breakfast buffet was free I’ve never been to a hotel where you had to pay for breakfast so we didn’t partake of the breakfast just because it wasn’t free. But other than that everything and everybody was very nice. I would definitely stay here again!

Beautiful inside and out

Positive: Sooooo nice, staff awesome!! So many nice perks! Negative: ""

Hopefully, I'll have enough space to tell you all about our experience. This was the absolute worst hotel experience I have ever had and we will never stay at this hotel, ever again. It actually makes us not want to stay in any Hilton hotels in any city. We walked away from this stay in awe of the blatant disrespect for customers and lack of concern for their customers.

First, my husband booked this hotel stay as part of my anniversary present so I could see my favorite musician at the new amphitheater in Birmingham. We traveled from Atlanta and I was very excited for this trip.

When we booked, were told that early check-in was not guaranteed, but to call the morning of our check-in to confirm. We tried calling all morning long and no one answered the phone. We finall transferred to an outside rep who also could not find anyone to answer the phone, but they told us to go ahead and drive to the hotel and speak to the front desk. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30am CST.

The woman at the desk looked at us and said, "I do not have any rooms available. Check-in is at 4pm." We asked if she could pull our reservation so if a room became available she could notify us. She told us to download the app and when our room was available, it would notify us. We did and once logged in, the app told us to go to the desk to provide more info. The woman said, "It's probably because your room isn't available. " She basically waved us away and told us to come back at 4pm. We decided we would go to lunch and come back. While at lunch, we tried to do chat with the front desk thru the app but did not receive a response.

We went back to the front desk 3 hours later. There were several people standing at the desk, but no one working. Finally, the same woman from that morning came back with a food container. I guess she went to lunch and left the front desk and lobby empty for quite some time.

When I approached the desk, I explained that the app continued to tell us we needed to come to the desk and she again said it was because no rooms were available. Check out time was 11am and it was now 2.5 hours later but she said no rooms were ready. I asked again to pull up our reservation and look to see if any rooms were available. Her response was, "I know I don't have rooms ready but I'll go asking the cleaners to see if they can do one for you." She seemed very annoyed by our request but it turns out there were rooms available because less than 2 minutes later we were going up to a room.

The hotel was not busy. There were no lines wrapped around the building waiting to speak to the front desk but this woman couldn't be bothered to help us or go out of her way to help us. If she had provided a polite explanation, apologized to us, and explained other options, it would have gone a long way. But to only receive attitude and act like we were breaking company policy by trying to check in early just seemed like the type of person I would interact with at a cheap highway hotel, not a Hilton. Actually, I bet we would have had better customer service because it would be had to do any worse. If we had not already paid for our room, we would have left and gone to a different hotel.

This experience would not have been such a big deal, except that every customer service representative from Hilton told us that it should not be a problem to check in early and to go to the front desk when we arrived. We started our trip early and did what we were asked to do, but this front desk acted like she had never heard of such a thing.

We joined Hilton Vacations when we booked this trip so that we could experience other places around the country, but after this experience, I don't even want to bother with going on a trip and staying at a Hilton hotel.

Other items to note: the pillows were terrible, the ice makers did not work, there was no one at the bar when it opened at 5pm CST so we couldn't purchase drinks.

We checked out at 7am the next morning. We couldn't wait to get out of there and go home!

The parking is annoying.  Can it just get added into price without the scanning app etc..   Everything else was great

Hotel was ok, nothing special, rooms were pretty good. Ice machines broken - went to 3 floors to find one that worked

Customer service was horrible specifically front desk - waited in line for simple requests that couldn’t be met right then and there

Pay to park- this may have been my fault as I don’t recall when booking this was disclosed but I do see it disclosed after going back and checking. Regardless, why am I paying to park in a place that isn’t like a busy part of town?

Nothing is kept up with and front desk staff honestly weren’t super interested in being of any help - chat feature on Hilton app doesn’t work here.

Just a whole lot of things over the weekend that became rather frustrating. Hilton needs to take a look

Extremely dissatisfied with our stay! Woke up to bed bugs in my son’s bed! Called the front desk and they didn’t have anyone working but one person they said so couldn’t send anyone to our room to check it out. We moved to my parent’s room for showers and left as soon as possible. We called the night before for towels and washcloths due to only having 2 when we had 4 guests in our room. Never brought any to us. We had to find our own on a cart. I’m sharing mainly for the bed bugs! Stay somewhere else!

Excellent location, rooms, staff and restaurant

Check your incidental charges daily.
We witnessed another guest confidently state the wrong room number for his breakfast buffet charges. It was our room number. We later learned that other charges had been made to our room.
Management resolved it thankfully.
We learned that staff should be asking for the room number and guest's last name.

our room stunk and there was a stain on one of the beds, but they gave us a brand new room free of charge.

Positive: "" Negative: The fire alarm was set off when we were checking in - and it continued to go off for over an hour even after the Fire dept. had arrived. The elevator was dirty, no microwave in the room , ice machine didn't work - & this was suppose to be a 4star Hotel

Positive: "" Negative: There was a fire alarm issue for over 2 hours.  I had a migraine from the noise.  Spent the following day trying to recoup from having a full migraine episode.

We spent two nights in this hotel and will not stay there again. We changed rooms upon arrival because the a/c was not cooling. They changed us quickly to a new room but there was an error made in their system and it was a hassle to get it straightened out. The phones don’t work, the bathroom had dirty q-tips under the sink cabinet, and the pool was small and dirty. Parking was plentiful so to charge money for it is unreasonable. The location was good and it was quiet in our room, but otherwise we did not enjoy our experience.

Double Tree was a wonderful experience. During our arrival, a child had pulled the fire alarm which caused chaos. The fire department and hotel couldn't get the alarm off so for an hour we just heard blaring and couldn't speak to one another. However, the staff was actively trying to solve the problem. The staff was respectful, kind, and willing to assist in any way possible. The rooms were very clean and nice. The cleaning members were also actively cleaning parts of the hotel continuously. Would recommend this for your next stay. I do wish, however, they accommodated early check ins prior to day of arrival.

Positive: Front Desk very accomodating Negative: ""

I’ve been a loyal guest at the DoubleTree in Birmingham for years, and until recently, I’ve never had a negative experience. Unfortunately, my most recent stay was marred by an encounter with an extremely rude staff member during check-in.

From the moment I approached the desk and gave my name, this employee (who I later learned is named Sheryl) was dismissive and unprofessional. She repeatedly cut me off when I tried to explain my booking situation and showed no willingness to listen or assist. To make matters worse, she lied to her colleague Sarah—who was actively trying to help—by stating I had already been checked in when I hadn’t.

When I politely asked Sheryl for her name, she refused to provide it. Thankfully, a trainee on duty discreetly gave me the name on paper, which I sincerely appreciated.

In contrast, Sarah was incredibly helpful and professional throughout the ordeal. She remained calm, listened to my concerns, and tried her best to resolve the issue—even while Sheryl continued to argue and behave inappropriately in front of other guests.

It's deeply disappointing to be treated this way at a hotel I’ve trusted for years. This experience has made me reconsider future stays, unless I can be assured that steps are being taken to address such behavior. No guest should be made to feel disrespected or dismissed, especially at a brand that prides itself on hospitality

Friendly,professional service

Friendliest staff I have ever dealt with.  Only complaint was shower water pressure not the best

It was cool for the price. I didn't like the fact that it took forever to receive extra towels and tissue. The lighting in the bathroom was trash. Customer service was good, I just prefer better communication when dealing with the guest. Overall surrounds were excellent, and I love the location.

When we checked in, there was a problem with our room. But Jane in guest services did a fantastic job taking care of us tonight. She didn't hesitate when we asked for another room. The hotel was packed, but she seemed like she genuinely wanted to make our experience worth the $200+ we are spending tonight to stay here. She greeted us when we came out of the elevators. She smiled and was very kind to us. She offered us cookies. Again. She gave us a nicer room. She didn't have to do any of that. No one would have known but her and us. We know she probably does not think she did very much, but it meant a lot to us. And if I was her boss, I would want to recognize her for performing that way. People like her are who make people like me spend thousands of dollars every year staying at Hilton properties. While other employees, who don't respond like she does, can turn people away. Anyway, I'm just overselling here I guess. Coulda just said thank you. Lol. Thank you, Jane. Great job.

I really wanted to enjoy my stay here, but there were several issues that made the experience frustrating.||Let’s start with the biggest problems:| • We were never informed at check-in that housekeeping wasn’t standard. Even after multiple requests for daily room cleaning, no one ever came.| • We never received new towels — we had to physically go to the front desk to get them.| • The TV volume was awful — I suspect the equalizer was broken.| • None of the ice machines worked on any floor we tried.| • I paid for the breakfast package, yet every morning I had to prove I had it to a visibly annoyed attendant. There was no guest list available to make this easier.| • The buffet area had a leak during breakfast — not what you’d expect from a Hilton property.| • The lobby snacks were wildly overpriced — $5 for a single Hershey bar is excessive.| • The front desk staff seemed undertrained. They were often confused about how to fulfill basic requests.| • A room service cart sat outside our door every day, which wouldn’t be a big deal if our room was ever serviced.| • I requested a luggage rack, and it never came.| • Our trash was never taken out. I ended up taking the full bins myself to staff and asking them to replace the liners.||The room was clean upon check-in, which I appreciated, and we got a free warm cookie. The location is great close to restaurants and just a short drive to downtown.||But overall, the lack of follow-through, poor service coordination, and subpar experience for the price really took away from what could’ve been a pleasant stay.||This hotel has potential but it’s clear there are operational issues that need serious attention

Positive: Quiet private room Negative: No

3 out of 5 stars – Disappointed for the Price Point

I really wanted to enjoy my stay here, but there were several issues that made the experience frustrating.

Let’s start with the biggest problems:
•	We were never informed at check-in that housekeeping wasn’t standard. Even after multiple requests for daily room cleaning, no one ever came.
•	We never received new towels — we had to physically go to the front desk to get them.
•	The TV volume was awful — I suspect the equalizer was broken.
•	None of the ice machines worked on any floor we tried.
•	I paid for the breakfast package, yet every morning I had to prove I had it to a visibly annoyed attendant. There was no guest list available to make this easier.
•	The buffet area had a leak during breakfast  not what you’d expect from a Hilton property.
•	The lobby snacks were wildly overpriced $5 for a single Hershey bar is excessive.

•      The room didn’t have a microwave!

•	The front desk staff seemed undertrained. They were often confused about how to fulfill basic requests.
•	A room service cart sat outside our door every day, which wouldn’t be a big deal if our room was ever serviced.
•	I requested a luggage rack, and it never came.
•	Our trash was never taken out. I ended up taking the full bins myself to staff and asking them to replace the liners

Some good things about my stay.

The room was clean upon check-in, which I appreciated, and we got a free warm cookie . The location is great close to restaurants and just a short drive to downtown.

But overall, the lack of follow-through, poor service coordination, and subpar experience for the price really took away from what could’ve been a pleasant stay.

This hotel has potential but it’s clear there are operational issues that need serious attention.

Some of the rooms are a bit worn. Great staff and location! Breakfast is awesome.

Let me start with the front desk lady what a rude person. Not polite at all the check-in was disastrous. I'm the guest paying for a good service and I didn't get it.  Do not stay here unless you want to pay extra for parking on the same property you booked. Rooms are super clean and room service super efficient.

I’m so disappointed! We were driving through to head up North, stopped here for a quick overnight. Staff were fine! Our room not so much….It felt musty and damp. Flashing light from the smoke detector, water from our sink wouldn’t drain and the bathroom just wasn’t the most clean. We paid extra for breakfast but due to the gross feeling in our room we left early and started our travels. Just bummed!

Good location

Great property with very friendly, helpful staff that go above and beyond to help. The rooms are very comfortable. Great location near the interstate and very close to restaurants  and shops that are within walking distance.

We had to stay one quick night recently while a trip we were on got extended. The staff was extremely nice, the hotel was a little dated, but was in excellent condition. The only issue I would say is not having two queen rooms available and only having doubles. The rooms seemed large enough to handle queens, and are more comfortable for families staying in the area.

We enjoyed staying here! It was so clean and smelled amazing as soon as you walked in the hotel. We stayed here on our way to the beach! It was a great location and service was great although I think they need more help at the front desk! We will definitely stay here again!

The hotel itself was nice – clean rooms, good location, and overall a comfortable stay. However, it was clear that they were very short-staffed. The few employees working were doing their best and were friendly, but they seemed overwhelmed and stretched too thin. Management really needs to bring in more help to support the staff and maintain service quality.

I have stayed in this property several times and have found it acceptable. Nothing overwhelming about it.  Twice on this stay, I tried to speak with housecleaning staff and they either didn't speak a word of English or chose to act as if they didn't.  Also, the property stiffed me by not providing my daily food and credit benefit. Having stayed at this property and the Marriott across the street, I can say the Marriott is nicer, the amenities are better and depending upon when you book, can be less expensive than this hotel. With being stiffed on my Hilton Honors benefit and the manager not offering any compensation afterward, I'll stay at the Marriott on my next stay. They seemingly appreciate their guest more than at this property. If you are a HH member you might want to discuss your benefits at check in. Not sure if it was an accident or a practice.

Beautiful hotel.  If you are a bougie girl like me this will meet your standard.  Make sure you pay for the breakfast.  It is worth every cent!

Nice hotel problems with the room clean but the TV did not work the dispensers in the shower were empty ice machine was broken and the room thermostat had a problem.

My family stayed at this hotel on June 6th, overnight, on our was to Gulf Shores.  As this was billed as a 4 star hotel, we expected polite and responsive staff.  Unfortunately, all the staff we talked to were not only rude, but were condescending in tone.  The room was nice, BUT, the air conditioning was broken and the rooms were hot all evening, well into the night.  The staff were not forthcoming about this when we checked in.  If we had known that we would have immediately cancelled our stay and went elsewhere.  The cookies normally offered were not, and I had to make an extra trip to the busy front desk to get them later.  Also, when we were packing to leave the next morning, I dropped my earbud case in the floor. When I picked it up, I felt one in the case and assumed both were three.  So we checked out and left.  There was no one at the desk when we left.  Later that evening, when settling down for the night, I noticed one of the earbuds was missing and I knew exactly where it was.  After nearly 6 attempt to get in touch with the hotel, several times when the call was connected, they merely hung up the phone, someone did answer.   I explained my problem with the missing earbud and told them exactly where it was lost. They refused to check for it and gave me the website to report the loss.  I feel they could have easily went to the room and retrieved the item and brought it to the dest and I would have stopped to get it when we pass through next week. Big fail, will not stay there again.

Beware - this location charges for parking.
I moved to another Hilton down the street that does not charge for parking.

Positive: Even though the hotel was super full, the staff was great at fulfilling their duties. Negative: The only thing that I didn?t love was the pillows on the beds. They felt like you were sleeping on nothing. Other than that, great hotel!

Positive: "" Negative: Comforter was stained

The hotel service has been horrible, the lady who work there Saterday night was very unpleasant to deal with she had no clue what’s what was what seem like she may have had dementia!! And it did t get better in the morning when the 2 front desk lady’s look clueless when I ask them for a late check out! As a Diamond member I never felt so disrespected as a Hilton guess they seem to be more concerned about their phones then they guest in front of them! In addition when ask about if there is more coffee mind you it was about 8am they told me it will come when it comes just sour rude Condescending and unprofessional Hilton you need to do better your guest are your business and a diamond member I’m disgusted

Pillows and the bed were uncomfortable.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Very Nice front desk staff .. Supervisor over breakfast was super nice and very friendly. Clean room clean hotel. I really appreciate the stay being that I’m a stranded trucker right now away from home. If I ever have to stay in Birmingham again I’ll be staying here for sure.

Updated:

On April 6, 2017, I checked into the Hilton Birmingham at Perimeter Park for a 3-day conference. Unfortunately, the front desk staff seemed somewhat inhospitable, giving the impression that my arrival was an inconvenience. The room appeared dated, and the soaking tub was particularly unclean. Following a brief silence after I reported the issue, the front desk responded by saying they would send housekeeping. Subsequently, two employees visited my room on three separate occasions to address various concerns, including replacing a light bulb, cleaning the tub, and adjusting the thermostat. I had anticipated that upon swiping my credit card, the room would be fully prepared. Instead, I found myself repeatedly notifying staff of issues that should have been identified prior to my arrival. In summary, Hilton failed to demonstrate adequate preparedness for my stay. On a positive note, the breakfast and potato soup were exceptional.

Great experience!

Positive: Excellent location, close to Homewood Music which was the whole reason for our trip. Cannot recommend the store or this hotel enough. Negative: ""

Positive: The room itself was very nice and clean.  The bathroom and supplied toiletries were also up to par-quite nice.  The service was polite and pleasant-but not effective. Negative: The television in our room did not work.  I called the front desk and the individual said that "maintenance" would come up to our room soon.  No one ever came to our room; I called a second time & no one ever came.  TV never worked.

Jakia was a wonderful bartender and made sure everyone in our group had a great time!

Positive: We liked the friendly and helpful staff!! Negative: I didn't like having to pay for open parking lot.

I enjoyed my stay I did not like having to pay for parking it seems like a scam because the other hotels do not charge this.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The staff was nice when we checked in and the room was clean. The only thing we didn't care for was the barn style door on the bathroom that did not have a lock on it.

Positive: "" Negative: TV DID NOT WORKHAD TO CHANGE ROOMSSERVICE POOR

I went in expecting Double Tree standards and for what I got, I could have saved the money. This was just not Double Tree and Hilton standard by any means. I had to change rooms after the television would not work. Even the linen was not Hilton standard. The only good thing about this hotel is the friendliness of the front desk staff, and the nice guy who tried several times to get my television to work. Also they charge for parking and I don’t remember seeing that anywhere on the website.

The refrigerator was broken and the beds only come with 3 tiny pillows for a queen sized bed intended for 2 people. Tried to call the front desk multiple times and no one answered so I had to walk down and waited there too. Also, seems weird to pay for self parking at a hotel but that may be for other reasons.

We stayed here for my daughters soccer tournament and we wouldn't stay here again. The hotel charged us twice and when I called to speak to them about it, they said they couldn't do anything about it and to just call our bank. Terrible customer service!

One of the nicest hotels in Birmingham.  Fabulous location .. staff there phenomenal ... very helpful on any requests..||We had a big family reunion there last month and catering was perfect ... accommodated 120+ people.  Great conference facilities for the event(s).||Highly recommend this property.||P.S.  Don't forget to get the complimentary Doubletree cookie upon check-in!

Positive: Cleanliness Negative: Couldn't check in on time because the rooms weren't prepared. Also, the TV box in the room didn't work, so couldn't watch the TV without constantly resetting it.

Great hotel great service was not happy about having to pay for parking but overall good experience

The staff was great. Great parking. And there’s a lot of stuff around the hotel to go do.

I don't normally write reviews but the $10.00 for parking is very odd.  It's just a money grab as the parking lot is just a normal lot in front of the hotel.  We didn't have to pay in the past.  If I ever stay at this hotel I'll just park in the gyms lot as it is all the same.

The daytime  lady at the front was slightly rude. We called asking for toilet paper in our room as there was less than a full roll when we arrived. 45min went by and we went downstairs and she finally gets housekeeping to send people up.

The younger and older guys that work nightstaff are good and handle guests' needs  efficiently.

Rooms are always clean here and housekeeping staff always give extra towels and washcloths when I ask for them in the hallway.

Can’t believe I had to pay for parking

A little tricky to find with Google navigation, but a very nice place to stay. The bedding was close to the bedding of a Hilton we really liked in Chattanooga TN.

The room was nice... it appeared clean...I over looked the smudge on the sheets of one of the beds. No problem  i didn't sleep on that one.. Then I  came in from one of my activities to use the restroom and There was a water bug in the toilet.  I  reported it to front desk and the lady acted as if I was lying.

4/5 stars only because the bed was super uncomfortable. I could feel the springs through the mattress cover, and felt as if the mattress was leaning.
Also, the air vent was pointed towards the wall, so it was warmer than usual.
Room was very clean and inviting and bathroom was fully stocked.

I have stayed here multiple times & always have a wonderful experience with Sonya. She went above and beyond for me today saving my morning & my meeting by helping me. Thank you Sonya! You are wonderful!!

An employee part of their housekeeping staff stole one of my belongings while I was out, I did not realize until I flew back home and realized it was missing while unpacking. Makes me wonder what else they stole assuming I wouldn't realize. Shameful behavior! And most hotels have a "Do not disturb" sign for guests to use, my room didn't have one at all. Now I have to figure out how to get reimbursed, not letting them get away with it I've already contacted customer support smh

The front desk clerk wasn't quite interested in his job, but the location and amenities were nice!

My room was nice.  I was there 5 nights, no housekeeping service.  They did come in one time to take my dirty towels.  Never replenished them.  I had to call and get clean towels and more coffee.  Restaurant is weird.  You have to order at the bar then they bring it to you and I guess you are on your own to seat yourself.  It's like a self serve Restaurant.  I specifically selected the hotel because it had a Restaurant on site.

Nice experience!! Good employees!

Service by front desk was quick, but impersonal. The only reason I'm rating service high was for the bar and breakfast staff and cooks. The room had a dripping noise all night long, sound coming from above, was fairly noisy as well. Locations was fine, but paid parking seemed a bit extra compared to other hotels that cost the same to stay. I get they need to keep the lot for guests, but I've seen other hotels just have you write down your car color make model and state on license to ensure only guests were there. A little work for the hotel is appreciated for free parking. Parking was also just a lot, not covered or gated. Cookies at check in were good. Breakfast was overpriced.

Loved our room, cute towel creations and meeting space. Cookies not the same, dry and tasteless,

Best part of this hotel was the gym.  The floors needed vacuuming and common areas needed cleaning.  Service was mediocre.  Would not use this hotel again

Room was clean, bed was very comfortable, and service at check-in and restaurant was great. I like the fact that it was very quite overnight and you can put the HVAC fan on continuous to have some white noise.

This was formerly a Hilton the last time I stayed here several years ago. I enjoyed this property back then. While the location is pretty convenient, the rooms are in rough shape.

But I will never stay here again because of the parking situation. I'm not getting on some other app to pay for parking. Either bill it to my room or don't. I'm not adding more apps to my phone or trying to figure out how to pay the hotel's sub contractors. I don't care about the cost, but you committed the unforgivable sin of inconveniencing me.

My wife and I booked a room randomly to run away for the weekend. Our plan was to lock ourselves in the room and focus on business planning for a new business we have started. We arrived the day of the snow storm. All restaurants were closed in town for safety reasons. Staff was short handed at the hotel. Those that were able to make it hustled through it, embraced the suck and make sure the bar and kitchen were open for guests. Once we got to our room, the neighboring room was playing music very loudly and the smell of weed could be smelled. The music went on for hours. We called the desk and which they called the neighboring room. The music was turned down slightly. My wife put on her headphones and tried to sleep. A few hour later she woke up due to the music. She could hear it over her headphones. So we called the desk again and this time they did a room visit. The employee was pretty direct with addressing the volume level. Saturday morning comes and the music starts again at 7AM and shortly later the smell returns. This was not at all how I had I envisioned my weekend. The wife and I left for breakfast. Upon returning we stopped at the desk and talked to a staff member and the manager about the night we had and our concerns. We asked if we could swap rooms if the problem persists. A refund was offered but that was not my desired outcome.  Instead of waiting to see another sleepless night was to come the staff verified the other guests causing the issue was not scheduled to check out that day. So the manager opted to move us to a different floor / room that wound up being a bit of an upgrade. Idk what was to come of the other guest. I don’t care. They’ll figure the weed odor out after checkout.

At the end of the day the Doubletree staff made us feel welcomed and resolved our issue. It was truly painless. We are now in a quiet room and business planning can begin in a peaceful environment.

I would definitely come back to this location if in the area.

Not worth the price. Very mediocre.

The room was super nice and clean. Spacious. Shower gel was empty but it was no big deal. Only complaint is the bed was very uncomfortable. However, I’m 53 and broke my back two years ago so it may not be all the bed’s fault.

Room was clean for the most part (stain on comforter, carpet, and shower floor).  Air conditioner would not cool very well.  Staff not the most outgoing/friendly.  But overall a comfortable/quick stay while passing through town.

This hotel is the least favorite Doubletree that I’ve ever stayed in. As a Hilton Diamond member I’ve spend a lot of time at hotels. I didn’t receive a survey for feedback on my stay so I decided I’d leave my feedback here. The desk staff was not pleasant at all. Everyone seems to have an attitude besides the team working the meeting room space. My room was disappointing. The air didn’t work and the room was stuffy. After the lord about fixing it they never offered a new room. Highly disappointing! If you can stay at another hotel in the area that would be your best bet! I promise I won’t be staying there again.

Room was dirty. No towels in the bathroom. Lamp didn’t work. AC didn’t work. Staff was generally rude and dismissive. Didn’t get our cookie. Bar closed early because they “felt like it”. Overall not the best experience and would not return.

Highly recommend this hotel for business meetings! They took really good care of our team. Flawless service was provided.
Yvette and Jennifer in sales made this such an easy process.

Bottom line up front: clean spacious rooms, super nice staff especially Dave the bartender, Debra the breakfast maven, Constantine and the overnight front desk staff, particular shout out to the catering setup team and of course chef and the kitchen staff. Catering on the 6th and the whole staff on the 7th of December 2024 for any manager that might need to know who was working exactly sorry I did not remember every single person's name,.

10/10 Experience at the Hilton Doubletree in Birmingham!

We had an amazing time at the Hilton Doubletree in Birmingham this weekend. The hotel itself is fantastic, but what really stood out was the incredible hospitality from the entire team. Not only did we enjoy the amenities, but we also connected with some wonderful people—everyone from the head chef and catering team to the bartenders and front desk staff.

What made this visit so special was how quickly word spread about the kind comments we made about the excellent service. Before we knew it, staff members were coming out to introduce themselves, making us feel like VIPs. The service was so warm and genuine—you could tell they treated us as well as they’d treat the CEO of the company! Shoutouts go to Dave at the bar, Constantine at the front desk, Debra on breakfast duty, and the Friday night catering and Saturday restaurant teams (special thanks to the head chef).

The location couldn’t be better. Pappadeaux’s is right across the highway, and there are several unique restaurants within walking distance. The area is calm and feels very safe, with visible security and law enforcement nearby.

This hotel is ideal for hosting events, weddings, or just enjoying a weekend getaway. The size of the venue is perfect, the atmosphere is welcoming, and you’ll meet a diverse range of guests. The staff and many of the patrons make everyone feel at home right away.

To top it all off, the facility’s amenities are outstanding. Whether it’s the dining options, event spaces, or the overall environment, everything is thoughtfully designed to ensure a great experience.

Thank you to the entire team at the Hilton Doubletree in Birmingham for making our visit so memorable. We highly recommend this place to anyone visiting the area—it’s a solid 10/10 from us! We’ll definitely be back.

Probably the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at. There are no smart TVs in the rooms, you’re in the middle of nowhere and they still want you to pay to park every night, they put tickets on your car if you forgotten to park which is really awful in the rain because it gets stuck and shreds all over your windshield, they do not come in and clean the rooms, and the one day that they actually did they left everybody’s trash and linen out in the hall for 24 hours. It was a disgrace, and I discourage anyone from ever staying there

Good location, nice restaurants and eateries right there.

Bathroom sink is too tall.  Please remember humans come in all sizes.  I could not wash my face at the sink because I could not reach over the tall bathroom cabinet.

There are no smart Tvs in the room.

Not saying the service was bad. But the bare bones minimum service I got was not worth nearly $400 a night.  Stayed there the 1st week of October. Not worth the cost. If I had known that the 1st price I was quoted was wrong, I would not have booked there in the 1st place.

Convenient south side location. Fresh and light large screen and ample workspace for business travel. Repeat stayer that indicates satisfaction with the property and friendly staff. Restaurant is limited; but, quite tasty on the nights one does not feel like getting out. And several nearby options if you do.

The stay was amazing

Overall ok experience. The workers Davis is great, & the other young male that works with him is as well. Now the two older ladies I think her name is Cheryl & don’t know the other black ladies name have THE WORST ATTITUDES I’ve seen in a hotel. This definitely needs to be addressed by management. It wasn’t ONLY towards myself but basically any one I saw she had an interaction with. She also OPENLY caught an attitude with the front desk manager IN FRONT OF GUESTS…Very disappointed

Paid parking for all guests including those using handicapped spaces and diamond member guests. Multiple business people were written a fake ticket even after having obtained parking validation. Worst of all a roach was left in the hallway in front of my room for 3 nights after notifying the hotel. Broken ice machines on two floors, dirty room windows, and a business center with no access to email. Peachtree Management, Parking Management Company, and this DoubleTree’s management all appear to have no concern for guests and only money yet they don’t understand these issues will cost them more over time as loyal Hilton Customers will choose to stay elsewhere due to feeling unwelcome.
-A Diamond Member

I've been staying here for several years when I've been in Birmingham.  This past week was our last time.  No towels.  A/C was broken.  Toilet wouldn't flush.  Restaurant wait staff was rude.  I could go on.  Sad to see one of our favorite places decline so miserably.

I've been staying here for several years when I've been in Birmingham. This past week was our last time. No towels. A/C was broken. Toilet wouldn't flush. Restaurant wait staff was rude. I could go on. Sad to see one of our favorite places decline so miserably.

Updated bathroom

Nice hotel.  Close to restaurants

Went for a prehealth screening held in the Magnolia room.  The hotel looks to be decorated in a very modern fashion.  There are tons of comfy looking places to sit and the breakfast that was being prepared smelled amazing.

I had a work trip and have never been to Alabama...I picked this DoubleTree based on being a loyal Hilton member and reviews. That being said, this has been one of my favorite stays. Rooms are clean, pool is a bonus, gym is nice, bed is comfortable, breakfast is delicious, and your drinks will not disappoint (thanks to my new favorite bartender, Kim). I travel quite a bit for work, but I feel the friendliness and quality is held to a very high standard and I understand why they are always booked and sadly, I couldn't get an upgraded room. I met so many other professionals working for the company I was traveling to and they all told me it's the only place they stay when they travel to HQ. That being said, stay and you won't be disappointed...they care about the customer experience and take feedback seriously.

Excellent stay!! Great hotel staff!!

Heads up!! They now charge you to park!!! $10 a night to park at the hotel 💀💀💀💀😱

The rooms themselves are fine but miss some basic amenities like a mini fridge, and breakfast isn't complimentary.

Poor customer service. I did not receive my cookie. I could not check in early.  They did not explain how purchasing beverages worked. They pointed to the back and stated the vending machines were located in the back without assistance. I asked a kind Spanish speaking cook, who led me to his break room to purchase a drink. While walking through the lobby the manager then assumed that I didn't pay. In general, please be hospitable since you are in the hospitality industry. If I wasn't doing a seminar here, I definitely would have chosen another hotel.

I stayed here for a conference in Birmingham. The rooms are clean and comfortable, but I was not at all impressed with other offerings. I paid $18 for their breakfast buffet, which was theft for what was available. What food was out was bland, there were no cups available, and things clearly hadn’t been stocked. By the time I sat down to eat what I’d self served, I was immediately greeted by someone with a bill. Waffle House has better food, service, and value compared to the food they had at their buffet. Same quality as any complementary breakfast at a cheap hotel. I’ll factor in breakfast when picking my next hotel.

Everything was great 👍

Great rooms... Amazing staff... especially Kim the bartender... smoothest margaritas EVER!!!

We had an event here and it was a bit warm both nights. Otherwise nice place.

If I could leave zero stars I would. The management here has to be the worst people I have ever experienced. I book here weekly for work. I have a travel agent who books for myself as well as multiple others who come in for work near by. My trip was delayed due to traffic so I called to move my check in date. The manager yells at me about a confirmation number (that I provided for her) tells me that I am being ignorant and proceeds to disconnect the call. This is for work. This is not for pleasure and the fact that this is how you guys handle business is distasteful and completely unacceptable. I have alerted my company to no longer use this hotel or company for our stays moving forward. As a Hilton Honors member I am completely disgusted with the managers behavior. She would not provide a name but I would like to make it clear that as a manager she needs to be properly trained on how to speak to guest while assisting with transactions and how to communicate with respect. I did not once disrespect her so I’m confused. All calls are record correct?

I called to change my reservation and had to speak with a manager to do because the front desk person didn't know how to do anything. After making rhe change request different, the manager told me I didn't have to be ignorant, that she needed to ask me questions. Rhe service at this location is horrible and their are OLD woman acting this way. Never again!

Was a GREAT Hotel Jane at the front desk was awesome.  So personable and helpful.  Would go back.  Thank you Jane!

My daughter was there over the past weekend for a big basketball tournament and she absolutely loved this hotel...
The staff even reached out to me concerning her stay...  Rooms are top tier... Staff is amazing... Thank you for the wonderful experience...

Recently remodeled property. Nice rooms and lobby. AC did not work on room. Biggest issue is safety. No lights on parking lot. Pitch black. Unsafe for vehicles and people.

Far improved on this visit.

Nice, clean, quiet hotel that is central to restaurants and shopping, should you need anything while there.

Excellent experience. Customer service was incredible. Our TV would not come on. When I called downstairs there was someone in the room in five minutes to help. The rooms are spacious. A little rough around the edges (eg, cabinets are falling off hinges, sofa looks a little worn).  It does seem like it may need some updating, but overall we would return!

This was a quick stop on our way to Florida but the room was nice and clean. Beds were comfy but the food was amazing. Eric (food) and Kim (drinks) took great care of us. Those martinis definitely took the edge off from the long drive. The chicken tenders and Rosemary fries were delicious. We got quesadillas the night before so we could take them with us and it was a great idea because they tasted just as good the next day. Definitely going back. They have good people working there to help you enjoy your stay.

This is a great place to stay in Birmingham. Clean, quiet, nicely decorated. But the real secret is the kitchen. No need to order out! The best meal is in house, and with the personable chefs and servers, it makes for a really pleasant stay when travelling away from home.

Nice clean rooms  great hot breakfast , restaurants in walking distance

Second Doubletree hotel in Birmingham with two months in which the staff has been confrontational. Picked room in app to find out I was assigned a different room by hotel. Desk couldn't tell me why I was moved but stated I hadn't chosen a room to begin with. Instead, was given a handicap room that had a urine smell. Will have to go back to staying in Marriotts in Birmingham.

Great place to stay! Very nice customer service. Best cookies ever!!!

My room was nice, but the shower door was installed incorrectly and allowed water to leak all over the floor.  Breakfast for $18 was similar to what other hotels offer gratis.  The coffee was terrible. On the positive side, the area is nice and safe and the proximity of restaurants was a plus.

We recently stayed at the Hilton Hotel over the weekend and liked the renovated property with updated fixtures, including a stylish barn door for the bathroom. The lobby had a modern update that felt current. The staff was welcoming and accommodating. They offered a continental breakfast for $16 and a full breakfast for $18, which provided options. The hotel was fully booked due to a big volleyball tournament, but despite that, we had a comfortable and peaceful sleep on a soft mattress. The water in the shower was hot with great pressure. The only downside was that, being a renovated property, I couldn't be certain if a service animal had been in the room prior, which triggered my wife's breathing. However, overall, we had a great stay. The staff was awesome, and the interior of the building had a modern touch that felt like we were in the year 2024.

Had an great stay overall. The first room we were put in was suppose to be out of order because the heat was not working. Still not sure why we were put in this room but after we were settled and unpacked. Anyhow, we were accommodated with another room with no hassle. My room was very clean and absolutely no problems (missing a clock). Everything was great and the location is awesome. Enjoyed my stay and will be back again!

Definitely a 2star hotel. There was absolutely no housekeeping in my 3 night stay. The room smelled like cat urine. The bar/restaurant service is subpar. This wasn't the fault of the lady behind the bar, yet the hotel for not having more than one person taking orders, serving drink and meals and then cleaning up. Absolutely poor job on the hotel. The breakfast is $20 and the same substandard quality as you would get at a holiday inn express. Save your money and dine elsewhere.

A room was newly renovated. The hotel, bar and room was great.

Room had a very bad odor upon arrival so they put an air purifier in my room. Then I find a bed bug in my room. Googled everything about bed bugs and it’s exactly what I found. One of the most overlooked signs of bed bugs is the bad odor that smells like mold which is how my room was upon arrival. Yet the front desk staff didn’t believe that. Just Google it. The scary thing is the staff didn’t seem very concerned about shutting down that room and getting it thoroughly cleaned and sanitized after I alerted them about the bed bug. Be aware of bed bugs before staying here and check your beds beforehand.

A micro wave to heat in-room coffee would be great.

Very clean hotel and up to date. Staff was super nice. We stayed one night with no issues at all.

The lady at the counter was super nice. She had cookies baking in the oven for all the new guests. The room was very clean. There was plenty of parking. And the best restaurant in Birmingham "PERRY'S" is on the other side of the parking lot. The hotel and restaurants are in their own part of Birmingham, which have plenty to do and shop without all the traffic and paid parking. We love it here.

RUDE STAFF. Front desk staff was very immature. Not helpful - was not busy being social with each other behind the desk. Room had a bad odor. Empty shampoo and conditioner bottles in the shower. Wanted you to pay for a breakfast that is free in most other hotels. Although the location is good, not worth the stay when there are other hotels in the area.

High traffic location but central to things

Nice stay and near the highway. Quiet area to have great sleep. Everything was clean. My only complaints are: Only 1 face cloth! And at 944 am on December 21, 2023 the Elderly Caucasian Lady at the front desk saw me coming and purposely turned her back to me. Zero Customer service skills and should leave her Racist views at home. I didn’t like that. The Parking lot was crowded and had Large Ketchup bottles on the ground but I got there late so that could’ve been dropped recently. People are always in the Parking lot so I guess some live there. Furniture is outdated. Shower floor was dark and used to be white.

Good hotel but was way out outside of Atlanta.

Nice place to walk in the woods and smell and hear the nature

The room was nice. Unfortunately the service was subpar. The bartenders were slow and rude. Very disappointed. Also the stopped serving breakfast at 9 on Sunday to set up for a mothersday brunch. Without warning. We got there at 845. They wanted to charge us 22 dollars a person for 15 minutes of a Continental style breakfast. So here we are at waffle house. Will not be back at this Hilton

I stay at a fair amount of hotels for work. When the bathing water doesn’t drain fast enough… I leave reviews. It’s always a surprise what might come out attached to my foot from the backed up water… luckily no bandaids (has happened). Just some hair that does not belong to me.. what a relief. Pretty nice bed otherwise.

Hotel is clean. Staff friendly. Manager was polite and professional. However, the dining area was very cold. At Dinner we were seated in bar room because it was warmer. We wanted  breakfast but we’re put off by the cold room. Attendant let us know it was out of her control. The cold was coming through the windows from the outside. When the sun comes out the room will warm up. “We have hot coffee!” - when entering buffet area it was apparent that the room was being cooled. We felt the cold air blowing from the ceiling. We decided to not have breakfast and returned to our room. Even though windows the hall and elevator  area and our room was warm. |A couple in line front of us also exclaimed how cold the dining area is. ||Our room was nice and clean (1st floor) but smelled mildew (off putting)  and chlorine from the pool??? Lastly, the bed rims stick out and one in our party hit shin twice drawing blood. Maybe cushion the metal rims corner of beds.

A nice hotel in a nice location.

Hotel website said pool construction would be complete on April 1. We booked for April 2 and 3, and the pool was not open. Repeated calls for compensation and recognition of false advertising went unanswered for weeks.  I finally involved my credit card company. We were staying only for the pool - the rest of the place is not worth it.

Love staying by here even if I only
Live 5 miles away. The pools are excellent and always  clean and quiet ! Nice little staycation area in my hometown

Pleasant stay in a large clean comfortable room. We enjoyed having the balcony as extra space.
The front office staff are very professional .
The hotel was conveniently located for our need in Peachtree City.
If needed I would return and can recommend this hotel.

We booked through a third party that did not update their options in time. As a result, the rooms we ordered were not available. However, the front desk attendant Jernice was incredible. She was very accommodating and helped us every step of the way. And she did this while attending to other guests. 10000/10 customer service!

Really disappointed. I had 11 family members come to visit for spring break. We chose this hotel based on the location on the golf cart paths and the indoor and outdoor pools. Both pools were closed the whole week. There was no discount offered or any compensation. Made the hotel not worth it, especially with no breakfast included and it costs $22 a person. Location nope great and beds are comfortable, but I would not recommend this to friends or family again.

Edit: No, the pool was not closed seasonally. I had previously called to make sure that the pools would be open on those dates. But then apparently the pumps broke on both pools and it was all closed. Guests were not notified or given a discount or anything to rectify the situation

Bad customer service from management. Worst Hilton service we have received. My husband and I stayed 3 nights for a conference in the hotel. The conference was a full house with long hours and not much time to leave the property for meals or snacks. The lobby coffee was right by the front desk but by the time I was able to get there, it had always ran out. I asked the desk about it but they were rude, like they couldn’t give me the time of day. It was not stocked through out the day either. Sure I could have went to my room to make coffee but our  schedule was so tight that there was never enough time. By the last full day of the conference, there was coffee but now a sign that it was $3. I told the desk again that we were hotel guests but they did not care and said coffee was $3. It would have been very easy to verify room guests from those just attending the conference locally as they should be the ones charged for coffee. At checkout I expressed my frustration to Jane who was very nice and she agreed that the hotel|management was lacking Hilton standards. 2nd was the on site restaurant. The food was very good especially the Brussels sprouts. The gentleman who waited on us ( Tyler I think) was fantastic. But the restaurant would be flooded with guests ( again because we were too busy to leave) and they could not keep up. We waited over an hour for our order during our dinner break and it never arrived. We had to leave to get back to our next session. The ladies in the restaurant were extremely rude and seemed annoyed to have us all there. I get it, it is stressful when you are swamped but in the hospitality industry and in a property such as Hilton, we expected it to be handled better. As guests we felt the hotel was annoyed to have us and we did not feel welcome at all. I’m writing to let other guests know and also to let the host of the Rule1 conference know to maybe select another venue next time.

Beautiful location and very calm and serene. Excellent service! Food very good. Bar very nice.

I stayed at the Hilton Peachtree City Atlanta Hotel & Conference Center during a recent work trip, and it exceeded my expectations.

The staff was welcoming, attentive, and made the stay seamless from check-in to departure. My room was exceptionally clean. Something I don’t take lightly. I travel frequently and tend to be very particular when it comes to cleanliness, even going as far as testing surfaces myself. This property passed across the board, which says a lot.

The on-site dining was another highlight. The French dip was excellent, and having quality food and a full bar available made it easy to stay focused on work without needing to leave the property.

The amenities were also a big plus. The gym was well equipped, and the pool and spa provided a great way to unwind after a long day.

Overall, I highly recommend this hotel if you’re in the area. Whether for business or leisure. It’s a well run property that clearly takes pride in both service and cleanliness.

Everything was wonderful.  Nice clean room, great bed and fluffy pillows. I loved the balcony and the coffee maker that brewed two cups at once. The young lady that checked me in was so nice.
5 stars.

My stay at the Hilton Peachtree City Hotel & Conference Center with NCR was an experience I will genuinely remember. From arrival to departure, there was a consistent sense of comfort, ease, and professionalism that made the entire visit feel seamless.

What stood out most, without question, was the staff. They were absolutely unbelievable, consistently warm, attentive, and genuinely friendly in every interaction. It’s rare to encounter a team that creates such a welcoming atmosphere so effortlessly, and it made a lasting impression on me. Their level of hospitality truly defines the experience at this property.

The setting itself adds something special, offering a calm and refreshing environment that complements both business and relaxation. As part of my time with NCR, it was clear that this location is well-suited for creating meaningful and productive stays.

I’d also like to add: The culinary team delivered a level of service that truly went beyond anything I’ve experienced before. Every interaction felt thoughtful and genuine, the cooking staff were incredibly attentive, consistently professional, and effortlessly friendly. There was a clear sense of pride and care in how they engaged with guests, making each moment feel welcoming and personal. I genuinely loved every interaction I had with them, and their warmth and dedication left a lasting impression that elevated my entire stay.

My interactions with the manager, front desk team, and housekeeping staff were truly beyond words. Every single encounter felt heartfelt and genuinely positive, with a level of kindness and professionalism that stood out in the most natural way. The front desk was consistently warm and welcoming, the manager carried a clear sense of care and presence, and the housekeeping team brought a quiet excellence that never went unnoticed. Each person I interacted with was simply amazing, and together they created an experience that felt authentic, respectful, and sincerely appreciated.

Because of how positive my experience was, I would kindly ask for your assistance in reviewing my stay associated with NCR. I want it to be remembered accurately and in a way that reflects just how enjoyable and well-handled my visit was.

Thank you again for such a welcoming and memorable experience, I would gladly return in the future. Whether it’s for business or just a visit with my family and friends.

Jane was awesome and very helpful.|Property is a great place to stay and is close to everything.

I checked into the Hilton in Peachtree after staying at a couple other hotels in the area and by comparison the customer service was downright Amazing. Marla Jane was very in tune with the needs of my stay. She was able to provide me with the room close to the elevator near the parking lot. She also had increased my food and beverage limit (hush hush). She even followed up with me after I checked into the room through text to make sure everything was as desired. Her customer service is unparalleled. The hotel itself is big and spacious and has a lot of natural light. There are plenty of work spaces or hangout spaces adjacent to the bar and restaurant to do work or chill and read.

We had an amazing stay and everything was great,clean and close to where we needed.

Came here to stay for not one but two pools! However, both are down for maintenance. The hotel does not even work with neighboring properties so guest can swim! Management stated the pool closure was on website but I never saw the posting.

The shower water does not get hot only a lukewarm. The sink faucet only comes out cold. No extra towels are in the room, only one per guest. This place is not trying to make guests comfortable at all.

Then instead of complimentary breakfast you get charged another $22 for your troubles.

WORST PLACE EVER TO STAY!

Positive: The cleanliness of the rooms, the ambiance, the price and the excellent staff. Negative: They need to have 2 people checking in the customers.

Jane was outstanding. She truly embodies what service should be. Her attention to all aspects of quality shows.

Jane was wonderful to work with.  She adjusted my reservations to meet my schedule change and kept me in the same level of room I had originally booked.  At check in she was also very helpful and knowledgeable regarding the property and surrounding area.

Jane checked us in on Friday 3/20/26  and she was friendly, patience and gave all of great customer service. She was the only person working that Friday day/ night.when you approach the counter she greeting with a smile and say thank you for your patience,I do  apologize. We responded no apology needed, we understood . There was a line that day my sister told me and when we arrived  at night,  we were in a line. Jane was absolutely amazing. Her friendliness was shown every day Saturday, Sunday. She was the only person working that Friday night.  We are checking out today  3/23/26 and I will not see Jane before I leave. It makes a customer feel so welcome by the customer service experience and Jane did a 10 plus!. My observance with other people,smiling,etc. Jane did an awesome job...thank you fir having her on your team .

Conveniently located in the heart of Peachtree city. Loved driving the golf cart around everywhere. Friendly staff.

My stay at the hotel was good but I'm having a very difficult time getting my refundable $100 deposit for the room.

Had to call security people smoking in rooms kept me up all night with breathing issues

I was going to give this place a good review, but don't try and call here they will not pick up. I checked out earlier today and told them to email me the receipt. After I landed at the airport I checked my email and no receipt. So then I attempted to call for over an hour and a half and still have not gotten a response. Voice mail is also maxed, which says a lot just from that.

The hotel makes a strong impression before you have fully settled in. The reception team are warm, composed, and genuinely attentive, giving the arrival an immediate sense of ease and reassurance. The room is immaculate and notably quiet, breakfast is simple but prepared with clear care, and the calm of the surroundings makes deep, restorative sleep feel almost effortless. What stands out most, though, is the value. The level of comfort and thoughtful attention feels well above what the price would suggest, and it is that quiet generosity that makes the hotel easy to recommend and easy to imagine returning to.

Rooms are nice. Housekeeping took towels when they cleaned and only left one fresh one. Breakfast was mediocre and expensive. Definitely need a car if you want to go anywhere off the property. Very little in walking distance, no shuttles, and limited Ubers.

I visited the property for a work conference. The location entrance was a little confusing but the lobby area was visually appealing. Check-in was easy and Jane at the front desk was very courteous and helpful. The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom was nicely designed and was stocked with everything needed. I had two glitches which were reported immediately firstly, the tv did not operate properly. Jane got an engineer to come and service it right away. Secondly, I found  a light light fixture  broken when I arrived. It was not repaired during the length of my stay.  |My conference was hosted at the property and the adjoining buildings made for easy transition when we were off. Overall a very good experience at the property.

We live local and booked this hotel specifically for my daughter‘s birthday so that we could do some indoor swimming on a cold day. I called that morning (2/28/26) to make sure the INDOOR POOL & SAUNA were in working order, which the lady assured me that they definitely were and would be available until 10pm. Imagine my surprise when we checked into our room, got our our suits on, and found a locked door with “closed for maintenance” signs at the indoor pool area. The girl at the front desk had zero empathy and honestly seemed annoyed that I even bothered her with my issue.
I’m proud of my daughter for turning a bad situation into a positive one, as she suggested we use the hotel gym and just get a workout in. She was upset but we enjoyed the gym and its amenities. There was a very kind maintenance man working and he did try to start the sauna for us, but said it had been down for a while so he may not be able to start it up. This confused me even more of course, considering my conversation from that morning. But I appreciated his kindness and trying to help us.

One star is for the maintenance worker and the other is for our room and comfy beds. Unfortunately, the miscommunication on a special day overrides all of that for me. Wouldn’t stay again.

Beds were good. The room didn't cone with a microwave but one available for an extra fee. Continental breakfast was not included.

Great service!!

Very nice and perfect for meetings. Meeting rooms is great. Staff is great and food is really good. Rooms are super clean as is the whole area.

Jane,the receptionist was very helpful, friendly and professional.

Our stay was great. We were a little disappointed about the indoor pool being closed for renovations but it didn’t impact us much since it is winter in Georgia and knew the out door would be closed. When we checked in Jane was there and helped us and she was amazing. She made sure we had everything we needed and gave us all the directions for the hotel and paces to check out locally. She even updated our reservation because I didn’t indicate I had my daughter with me so we got my full diamond status benefits. If you’re going to stay here make sure to tell Jane hi because she is awesome.

We came into town for Valentines weekend. This hotel is a low key spot but close to everything! Athena was a great host! She made sure we had everything we needed and felt welcome. She absolutely deserves a raise for how above and beyond her customer service was. The room was vey clean. It was a Normal King size bed room with cute aesthetics. I loved the Ray portrait. The hotel was clean and comfortable. We would book again.

It took 45 minutes to check three people into rooms and some people were coming back because their room Keys weren’t
Work

We had an amazing stay at the Hilton Peachtree City Atlanta Hotel & Conference Center from October 31st through November 3rd! From check-in to checkout, the service was exceptional and the staff truly made us feel welcome.

A special thank you to Lela and Justin for their outstanding hospitality—both went above and beyond to ensure our stay was comfortable and enjoyable. And we can’t forget Ms. Francis, who makes the best omelets ever! Her warm smile and friendly energy were the perfect way to start each morning.

If you’re looking for great drinks, please stop by and see Eva and Becky at the bar. Outstanding service and friendly. Eva made me a Tequila Old Fashion that was outstanding.

The property itself is beautiful, peaceful, and well-maintained, but it’s the people who really set this Hilton apart. We’re already looking forward to our next visit!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Older hotel, but very well maintained from the rooms to the grounds…will certainly stay again when in town!

Building is old, staff is rude. Heat barely works.. whoever is managing this place needs a new team.

Positive: Convenient location.  Room was nice. Negative: The room did not have a full length mirror.  The hair dryer was weak with inconsistent heat.  The TV did not have major live TV channels.  Apparently they didn't work in other guests rooms, yet they did work in the lobby and bar TVs.

Positive: The people! My rather large immediate and extended family have been in and out of the hotel for the last week while mourning my grandmother’s passing. Personal condolences, friendly smiles, and top notch service. Negative: Wish there had been drink machines (think caffeine) on the 4th floor. Or at least water bottle fill stations.

Beautiful property and great staff!

Went to a jewelry review.

The staff was nice and friendly and the room was clean and comfortable. Will definitely book again.

The air is on 60 it's 69 degrees in this room has been all night both of my children have asthma and have to sleep cool, they have tossed, turned and coughed all night. I went down and spoke to the front desk attendant. She stated the chillers are turned off bc temp is below freezing outside and that I should sleep with the patio door cracked….. excuse me????  Heat rises we are on the third floor . I asked if I check out today instead of tomorrow will my money be refunded because it was not explained to me that the chillers would be off I wouldn't have booked here ! I know my children's status. She said she cannot refund me . I asked, u cannot refund me for something that is out of my control ?  She stated one of the engineers can come talk to me . I don't need a conversation with an engineer I need a resolution and my money back for tonight's stay it's before 11 . It's been situation after situation since we checked in . Brown water from the faucet, red hair in the sink, the bathtub, the floor and  in the bed. Left over sodas in the refrigerator. I'm not understanding . She said she can't call her manager on her day off she cannot refund me and if she moves me to a lower floor it will just be the same thing bc it’s hot : I look at reviews and it’s the same thing months ago! So it’s not a thing bc of the outside temperature this place is charging a pretty penny for discomfort with no resolution bc they are skimping out of a good ventilation system for this place . Poor management, poor business tactics. If I could give 0 stars I would !

Great place

My husband and I really enjoyed our stay. Nice staff, good beds, clean hotel, beautiful location.

All in all good value for the area. A/C never really got cold and was working hard to bring down the temp to a comfortable 68. Both of our room keys got wiped while we were out which was a "common occurrence" according to the front desk. The employee failed to check IDs the three times we had to ask for new keys to rooms, which is a pretty big security risk since we could have asked for any room that wasn't ours. Great gym/pool area and everyone was nice.

This hotel allows dogs in all rooms with no designated area without them so be prepared to be woken up at any point in the night by a neighbor’s dog. On our first 2 nights, we were woken up multiple times by multiple dogs barking in our hallway. When we said something to the front desk after the first night they said there was nothing they could do about it, so after the 2nd night we had to relocate rooms on the other side of the hotel as a result, with no guarantee there wouldn’t be dogs around us.

When we got to the new room the paintings had rips and there was a stain on the comforter. When I requested a new one, they brought the duvet cover and comforter separately so I had to put it together myself.

The amenities are nice but the management seems like they are very reactive to issues instead of trying to proactively get ahead of them.

It’s not a bad option but if you have the opportunity I’d recommend staying somewhere else.

Just finished a month long stay. Why there are no more familiar faces anymore the new staff members are friendly and overall great.  I I will say Allison is my favorite and exceeded the standard that has been set over the years. I love her she's an amazing person.

Since the Hilton took over, it lost the charm that the hotel had of when I first went there. I'll say things been going downhill and the only saving Grace was the staff. However, the staff that I've known for over 10 years are all gone now with the exception of Christina who has moved up in Hilton. However, my last stay, it was definitely missing the charm. I remember when there used to be a lounge area that had a chess board, a library. Overall a nice warming atmosphere. The staff felt more like your friend but since the Hilton took over, it no longer feels that way. It feels cheap. Well the staff is caring and they're friendly. I never had the feeling that we were friends. And like I said when I stay I stay typically a month. But Allison felt like a friend. She's the reason I will be continuing to only use this hotel.

I rarely post reviews, but this hotel stay was a disappointment. I was there for three nights for a conference. I asked for a late checkout (one hour) and was told that it was not available. I told colleagues staying at the hotel, and they informed me they were granted 2 hour late checkouts. I submitted a tax free form, and taxes were still added to my bill. The heater did not work, and it was in the 30s over night. The maintance man came to my room, but he was unable to repair the mistake.

Overall, it was an unpleasant stay. I will not stay at this property again.

Business convention:
Room was nice, clean, & comfortable.
Convention area's were nice, clean, located on site.
Restaurant & bar was nice, good food.
Everything was nice and very easy to stay on site both days without having to leave; room, convention, Restaurant, bar, gym, etc.
Good job Hilton.

I took 1 star for service because I had my do not disturb sign on my door and house keeping entered my room any way

stayed here for my friends wedding. was told i could check in early no problem. they gave us our keys and we went to the room and they did not work so the maintenance guy was sent to help. the door was deadbolted which he said happens sometimes when it slams. he was able to get it open and it was an already occupied room but now had my name on the tv welcome screen. they gave us another set of keys that was for a room that housekeeping had not yet been to but was at least vacated. unfortunately we didn’t have time to try another room before getting ready to leave to make it in time for the wedding. after the ceremony we came back to move our things to a finally clean vacated room (we couldn’t stay in the second one because housekeeping was not able to get to it because there was only one person on staff that saturday??) which delayed us getting to the reception. no one at the front desk seemed at all alarmed or concerned with how horribly this was going for us and they were not able to provide any refund for the inconvenience. i spent a month trying to get in contact with hilton customer service to see about any sort of refund or compensation for the troubles we had and got the run around with their management each time. finally after contacting my credit card company twice they were able to find out that all they could do was add some points to my hilton account which is of course of no use because i will not be using them

My overall experience at this Hilton location was very good. The staff was friendly and helpful. The bed and pillows were comfortable enough to get a good night's sleep. The room was clean although I found a pair of ear plugs near the bed. (See picture). The only downside was the little so-called frig was more like a cooler and barely kept my beverages cold but the ice machine was right across the hall. Also, there was no microwave in this room.

Excellent stay and staff.

Room was fine but Becky the bartender is a legend

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: The live band Negative: Get an exterminator out because it was two roaches on the bed.

Absolutely fantastic venue! Great breakfast as well, extremely helpful wait staff and the cook, Lucy, is fabulous!

From the moment we arrived until we left, we had a great experience at this hotel.

The employees were pleasant and professional, making us feel like valued guests.

The room was clean and comfortable, including a coffee maker with supplies and bottles of water. The bathroom had something I rarely see in hotels: bright lights. The large mirror over the sink had built-in lighting, making it easy to apply makeup.

The restaurant had a delicious breakfast buffet with many options including a chef to prepare special requests. For quick snacks, there were items you could purchase near check-in.

If we go back to Peachtree City again, this will be the hotel we stay at.

I was here for a benefit concert. All the staff we encountered were very friendly and polite. The grounds and common areas were well taken care and clean. We were not able to stay due to a work commitment.  Everything we encountered was very nice.

Pretty alright experience, but a lot could be improved. Most of the issues are due to the older age of the building. Staff were very nice and there was some charm to the hotel, but some upgrades could be made to make the experience better.

The bedding in the room was comfy and furniture / rooms did not feel dirty. The room unfortunately doesn’t come with a microwave (you can request one for an extra cost) nor does it include a fridge (you can request one for free if it is available). I also wish the bathroom had an air vent system (maybe I didn’t find the switch). And the towels were very scratchy.

Amenities are a mixed bag. On a positive note, the hotel gym was huge and a lot of new equipment. Definitely the best amenity of the hotel. The outdoor space was beautiful, being in the Peachtree forest with a lot of balconies and seating. The outdoor hot tub was OK but a little dirty from leaves. The laundry room definitely needs an upgrade though. The laundry units are old and require quarters. They smell like they have been used a fair amount and appear old. The dryer goes way too hot, even on lower settings.

Lastly I really liked the bar / restaurant. The staff were friendly and the food was good. The whole first floor feels very lively and was pleasant for a drink or dinner.

Nice moderately priced rooms in a convenient location in Peachtree City.

I had a terrible experience with the staff. The people at the desk were rude to me. I watched them interact with others and noticed a discrepancy in their treatment of certain patrons. Unfortunately. it appears they were racially biased.

I tried calling the front desk 3 times spread out over 1.5 hours today and I either got hung up on or no one picked up the phone.

My Xbox was stolen out of my room. I can only assume it was during one of the cleaning periods as no one else had a key card to my room. I notified management and they are moving very slow to resolve the situation.

Update: Over a week of no further updates and management still has not given me any further information, other than "We are still conducting an internal investigation".

Update: 2 months and still no resolution from their GM-Tomika Seawood. Miraculously the only people that had access to my room were let go from the hotel but no where abouts of my property. Tomika refuses to answer any emails for updates and no contact from the Guest Service Team that she said was supposed to reach out to me.

Great location, breakfast is not included (there is a $22 charge), great gym and pools. Clean rooms and good service.

Attended a lovely conference here. Nice facilities and great food.

Always a great place to stay

Making reservations far in advance and still waiting until 10:00 PM to get in the room.  The manger refusing to come out and speak with anyone about the situation.

Was charged a full night for checking out two days early. Some staff were pushy, unaccommodating, and not customer oriented. It runs more like a factory a hotel. Rooms were okay. Not what I expected from a Hilton. Would not stay again.

Always received great service

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly  making check-in a breeze. The room was clean, spacious, and well-equipped with everything I needed for a comfortable stay. The bed was especially comfortable, and I had a great night’s sleep.. Overall, it was a great experience, for my short stay.

The room smells like a chemical bomb. To the point that I thought my eyes were bleeding. I tried to air out my room by keeping the glass door open but it didn’t help and it’s 90 degrees outside. The front desk didn’t offer a solution. The layout of the hotel is ridiculous. Parking sucks. Online room service doesn’t exist. Not awesome.

My room smells like mold so after a late night I called the front desk. They told me they couldn’t assure me that all of the rooms don’t smell like mold. They said they would move me to another room but it would probably smell like mold also. I just needed a good night’s rest

Solid stay with a great room and very comfortable bed.  Peachtree is beautiful and the Hilton is a great choice if the hotel is convenient to your needs.

Favorite hotel in PTC. Love the amenities.

Positive: Facilities are first rate. Negative: Parking a bit inconvenient due to distance to entrances

The location is great. Checking in and put was easy and relatively quick.

The room was adequate but had some problems: mattress was lumpy, pillows were way too soft, refrigerator didn't cool well, and the balcony door was almost impossible to open.

First night we encountered no problems.

However, the second night was awful!! We couldn't enjoy our meal due to a large "party or group" at the bar area that was extremely loud (clapping, throwing stuff, yelling the whole time). The staff didn't seem to want to do anything or address the issue. After we finished half our meal, we asked for a take-out box. I went to front desk and asked for a manager to address the issue  -- was told no manager was on duty and no way to contact them...and that the noise makers were paying guests so it would be hard to ask them to keep it down. Mind you, the noisy group could be seen and heard from the lobby at the check-in desk.

When we went to go to bed for the night, a group at the pool was making a lot of noise and smoking pot. They were so loud we could hear them on the 4th floor.  IT WAS MIDNIGHT!!!! THE POOL WAS SUPPOSED TO CLOSE AT 11:00.  I had to call the front desk and complain, eventually somebody cleared them out around 12:30.....

Hi-light was the restaurant waiting staff and food!

Our favorite place to stay for DragonCon when I attend as a professional guest. It's just day enough away to be outside the crowds so there's some peace.  Service had always been great,  rooms could use a bit of an upgrade.  Close to the aquarium so if you are presenting,  it's easy access.

Customer service was excellent and the food was great.

Gorgeous hotel, and a beautiful wooden setting. The staff is A+ first class. Incredible dining and amenities in the middle of Peachtree city you couldn’t ask for a better location.

A quiet, roomy, friendly place in a beautiful wooded location.

I had a pleasant stay at this hotel, largely thanks to the friendly and very helpful staff. The hotel itself has an older charm, though this was evident in the balcony doors, which were a bit tough to open. Inside, the bathroom was a highlight – clean and recently renovated. A crucial improvement would be the addition of shower mats, as the floors were quite slippery. The in-room mini-fridge was a minor disappointment; it offered minimal cooling and was quite small. While I understand that a business hotel might not offer extensive in-room amenities like microwaves for shorter stays, these small conveniences would enhance the guest experience. It would also be beneficial to have a full-length mirror in the room in addition to the bathroom mirror. On a positive note, the pool and workout facilities were fantastic, offering plenty of space, and I thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast at the hotel restaurant.

The pictures that are posted on the internet do not represent the hotel in its current condition. The whole hotel had a mildew smell. Throughout the whole hotel there were stained carpets, stained ceiling tiles. The pool water in the pools appeared to have a gross film on the top of the water. The rooms were dirty and seemed unkept. The bed frames protruded from the mattress and were hard to see so we kept banging into them and bruising our shins. The coffee pots in the rooms had mold. The ice machines had mold. The air conditioning was barely working in the room and throughout the building. The bathroom did not have a lock on the door or a vent fan. The water from the shower had a strange mildew smell. The lock on the slider door for the balcony was falling off. There was a wine cooler in the rooms. We were not told it was a “wine cooler” it looked like a mini fridge. It did not get cold at all. When i spoke with the front desk they told me to place an ice bucket inside of it to keep it cold. There are pictures online that show the outdoor landscape to be beautiful. Unfortunately that is not the case. There aren’t any flower planters on the deck area. The seating outside was dirty. There were sections outside that smelled like natural gas. There were also pieces of plywood falling off the building and insulation falling out.

Room was fine, bed was very very uncomfortable.
When asked for a Do not disturb sign, I got a printed copy lol
I mean, it worked …

Horrible hotel, the design is very confusing. Rude manager.  Not a place for a smoker. $250 dollar fine for smoking outside on my patio. Even had a ashtray. They say it's a smoke-free facility but have ashtrays all over the common areas, and there are not any no smoking signs posted. If they really cared about the satisfactions of their guests, then maybe a warning would have been nice. Right out the gate with a $250 fine. And the hotel hallways constantly smelled like sewage. Don't recommend staying here, I know I won't.

I stayed here for a business conference and it was a really good experience! The staff was very helpful, and willing to do whatever it took to assist the guests. The environment was welcoming and everything was very clean.

The rooms were great, and it had all the amenities that I would expect from a Hilton. The bathroom was spacious and very clean.

The only thing I would say that could be better is the access to the property itself. It sits back off the main road and can be an issue if you dont know where you are going. Several Uber drivers had issues with it during my stay.

All in all, it was a very good experience and I wouldn't have an issue staying here again next time I'm in town.

Sauna was barely warm! No microwave in room!  Only microwave was up by the front desk! 100 plus rooms and one microwave! Refrigerator was super small and I've seen hamster cages bigger then it! Bed frame was made of wood and it stuck out beyond the mattress! Which cause your feet and calves to hit a lot! No clock or Bible in the room? Only handicapped parking was in the rear of the hotel! Can't see how they can get away with that! Up front snacks were way over priced! Kids jumping in and out of the sauna which was totally disrespectful to those trying to enjoy the sauna! I asked the kids to not play in the sauna! Then the manager showed up telling me it was okay for the kids to play in the sauna! Because it was a public pool area and it was the 4th of July! I ask for all the rules of the pool and sauna in writing but the manager ignored my request! The rules that were near the pool area didn't a dress the conduct codes that everyone was to abide by! The hotel and the property needs updated and you could tell it was out dated! But the bar and the restaurant was great!

Many thanks to the staff at the Hilton Peachtree City Atlanta Hotel & Conference Center. Lovely location. Huge workout facility with cardio and weight-training options. Indoor pool and hot tub. Outdoor pool and hot tub. The most comfortable bed and pillows I have ever experienced at a hotel.

Honestly, I didn't love the room. It was dark with dark carpet and had a strong cleaning or perfume smell in the room and hallway. The beds and pillows were very comfy and clean though. I wish there was another mirror besides the bathroom mirror. The lobby, breakfast and bar area were spacious.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

No refrigerator or microwave in rooms. Mold smell. Lumpy bed. No A/C in halls. Doors so heavy could barely open. Old worn out carpet. I could go on but if I could rate less than 1 star I would. Only good thing was staff was nice.

Nice hotel. Great staff. Rooms have very dangerous bedframes which seriously injure your shins.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I went there this weekend for the ATI event and I love how the hotel is hidden it was quiet beautiful hotel shout out to Athena for informing me on breakfast hours. Would definitely stay here again!

My husband and I were in town for one day, near the beginning of May on a cloudy and rainy day around 65 degrees outside. Overall we are happy with the hotel and would stay again, but there are certainly pros and cons.

I prefer to sleep in total darkness. We all know that is impossible at hotels. I appreciated the blackout curtains in the room, but in typical hotel fashion, they let in light around the perimeter. There are many lights outside around the exterior of the hotel and parking lot. There is a nonfunctioning mini fridge behind a cabinet below the TV. There is a functioning mini fridge on the floor underneath the desk. The fridge door is glass that you can see through. There is a light inside the fridge that doesn't turn off. I folded a bath towel in half and draped it over the fridge. It still looked like a glowing neon light in the room all night. If I was staying a second night, I would unplug the fridge.

I can hear the TV in the room next to mine, so the sound proofing could use some improvement but overall it's not too loud. The room decor and furnishings are updated. The room looks nice. Everything is clean and smells fresh. The bed is fine but the pillows are highly uncomfortable. They flatten down and become hard. I like the coffee maker. It makes 2 cups at a time.

The chairs on the balcony are plastic and coated in yellow pollen. I would recommend that the hotel clean the chairs on a regular basis, or replace with chairs that don't collect and show the pollen. A good option would be the chairs that are the thick mesh-y type material.

The parking lot wraps partially around the hotel so you shouldn't have a problem finding a parking spot near your room. The hotel does have a sprawling design.

The pool was difficult to find. There are 2 ways to access. The simplest way is to find a door that leads to the hotel courtyard and then you'll see the pool. There is an outdoor pool and outdoor hot tub. The pool felt cold; I don't think it's heated. The hot tub was unbearably hot. There is also an indoor pool and indoor hot tub. The indoor pool was a comfortable temperature and felt like it was slightly heated. The hot tub was warm. It was an appropriate temperature without being too hot. The outdoor and indoor pools are basically next to each other. The gym is connected to the indoor pool. There is an elevator past the gym where you can go up and get back to your room without being outside. If you remember the interior route, then you'll be able to do it in reverse to get back to the pool area from inside. We did not see signs in the hotel with directions to the pool.

We did not eat breakfast as it appears there is an additional charge. It is disappointing that breakfast isn't included when we are paying such a high rate for a room.

As typical, Hilton never ceases to impress. Even with an older building, it was very well maintained and the environment beautiful. Service was excellent, as always. I can't say enough good things about this place.

Such a beautiful mind and such good service. Amazing.

Great bar and food

It's a great place. The service in the restaurant the past two years I've been there had been very, very slow. I was there for a conference again this year. The waiters are pleasant. The food takes a really long time to be served. It seems they need more help in the restaurant.

This location is BEAUTIFUL but does not cater to the guest. No cookies made at this facility and just over priced just  ot hospitable to guest.

Went for a conference

No microwave or mini fridge in room. Ice machine on first floor only. Otherwise, very nice stay. Staff were very friendly and helpful.

Tolles Hotel in Mitten von einem Waldstück. Sehr ruhig dennoch gut gelegen. Das Personal ist stets freundlich und bemüht.

We stay here every year for our conference

This place was amazing.  Clean is an understatement!  The hotel was beautiful!  Let me not leave out the restaurant and how good the food was.  $18 well spent on burgers and fries!!!!!

The balcony view is astounding, needs more improvements on room service though.

I had a great experience

I can’t say enough good things about my stay at the Hilton Peachtree City Atlanta Hotel and Conference Center. The staff here is absolutely amazing! My kids and I were treated so well from the moment we arrived.

A huge shoutout to Philip, the security guard, who went above and beyond during a tornado warning. He helped ease my anxiety by leading us down to the basement and making sure everyone felt safe. I will forever be thankful and grateful for his kindness.

Also, the front desk staff was incredible. Even with a long line of guests between 12:00-1:30 am, they remained patient, polite, and professional. Not once did they complain, even though they had every reason to be exhausted. Their dedication did not go unnoticed!

I just truly appreciate and admire everyone at this hotel. Thank you all so much for making our stay a great one!

Everything was simply outstanding!
Beautiful property. Clean, spacious rooms.
Delicious food at the restaurant, both breakfast and dinner were amazing!
Finally, impeccable front desk service and restaurant staff. Everyone is very friendly and professional. Thank you for your hospitality.

The hotel itself was very nice.   The staff was wonderful but I felt very uncomfortable coming there at night by myself.   Alot of men dressed in all black clothes with backpacks  were coming in at the same time that  I was arriving and three other men were hanging directly around the front door smoking.  The parking lot was not well lit at all.  I ended up staying in my vehicle until the group of men dressed in black had checked in and the three guys standing by the door left.  After I checked in, I had to go back to my car and ride around to the back of the building which also wasn't well lit.  So, I was nervous about making the walk up to the door which was a little far.  Again, the hotel itself was very nice, but if I go again, it will definitely be during the day.

I was in town for a conference - had a good experience overall.

I was served by several folks that were mostly fine I guess but Eva really gave great service. She knows southern hospitality and made up for what others lacked. You can see her on the closing shift at the bar.

The food, rooms, and facilities were pretty good. Housekeeping service was great and made sure to be respectful of my belongings. Lastly, Mykell at the front desk also provided me great service the entire week. Looking forward to next year!

They didn't reserve my room.  Had to find somewhere else to stay, check the comfort inn or Hampton.

After an eventful travel day with bad weather and many flight cancellations, many of the usual hotels were full and this hotel was one of the last few offered by delta by 11pm. Location was not my first choice because it is over 35 min from the airport and no shuttle, however the bar stayed open later than the listed 11pm and Athena was beyond hospitable through the entire process that was not ideal for a few hundred displaced and cranky travelers. Athena was kind, friendly, and kept the coffee fresh first thing in the am. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfortable, and the staff really shut down the rowdy room party down the hall when they were notified about the party.

I absolutely appreciate the manager
Linda and her staff for accommodations that met mine and my husbands needs during a delta airlines flight delay. There were so many people sent to the hotel and Melinda and her team took care of making clean rooms available and doing it all behind the scenes. I look forward in staying here again

We celebrated my mother's 80th Birthday here. The service was amazing and the staff went above and beyond to make everything top notch for my mom. The food was top notch!!!!! Everything was delicious! I cannot say enough about how great our experience was. I will definitely book my next event with Hilton.

Good location for meetings. Good food and service.

5 star hotel love the party room .

Great Place

Very clean has a great bar. No free breakfast. Has reasturant.

Bar was supposed to be open until 11, but at 1045 the middle aged Russian (?) “bartender” denied us service unless we just wanted a beer. She said, “Come on guys why are you here it’s New Year’s Eve.” We were guests at the hotel just trying to get a drink on new years ever while the bar was still open. We got a drink earlier in the day and it was a bottle of margarita mix with bottom shelf tequila. This is a Hilton, right????

Moving on to the more frustrating part- only mirror in the room was a bathroom mirror! None at the desk or on a closet door, no vanity type mirror, just the bathroom mirror.

Would not stay again. Inside was fine, but exterior was very outdated. More lights at the entrance is needed, we passed it in the dark.

Will be calling Hilton to get points back.

Nice venue, friendly and helpful staff.
This was my second visit for our church gala and we are planning our event for this location for 2025 !!!!

We enjoyed our stay at this hotel in Peachtree. The front desk staff was very welcoming and energetic, quickly helping us late at night. The bar was open until 10 pm, which was nice after a long trip.  The rooms are large, comfortable, and quiet. The buffet breakfast was a good way to start the day, mind that it is charged separately.

My recent stay at this hotel was fantastic!  Check-in was smooth and welcoming,

The room was immaculate, spacious, and beautifully decorated. The bed was incredibly comfortable, and the amenities provided everything I needed for a relaxing stay. I was a bit disappointed that I only received complimentary water on my first day of a three night stay.

The on-site dining was also a highlight; the breakfast was  flavorful and satisfying.

Overall, this hotel exceeded my expectations. I’ll definitely return and highly recommend it to anyone seeking a comfortable and enjoyable stay!

Beautiful hotel kinda in the middle of nowhere and the. Only downside would be no fridge or microwave in the rooms and a sliding bathroom door

Great location, the hotel itself is very good and well kept, buffet breakfast is mediocre especially when considering the cost $22.

It was a very good buffet and the staff was efficient

I went along with my husband on his business trip mid October 2024. So I would stay in the room throughout the day while he was away on business. We would then go out for the evenings for dinner and extras. We were pleasantly surprised at the location being in a beautiful wooded area with a lot of restaurants and shops nearby. The hotel is older but claims newly renovated. We had several issues with our room. Firstly, it was difficult to get to. Our first night there, we walked and walked and walked just to end up in the furthest part of the hotel, on the 3rd floor at the far end of the hall. The lobby staff then told us we could use another entrance to our building closer to our room but it was still quite the hike. The room was ok. Beds were comfortable. The bathroom wasn’t cleaned properly as there was hair left in the tub from a previous guest. The outlet on the desk for your electronics and the coffee pot didn’t work. We had to move the coffee pot to the bathroom in order to use it. The refrigerator didn’t cool and didn’t have a way of changing the settings. There was no microwave in the room. The tv was slow streaming. The room was relatively quiet and peaceful until our last 2 days there. Someone rented one of the rooms at the start of the hallway, just off the elevator and had some kind of party/get together. They were VERY loud as we were at the far end of the hallway and could still hear them. They had the door to the room open with a sign sitting in the hallway naming the event. I don’t know why this was done in a guest room as they had conference rooms in this hotel. Overall I rate this 3 stars just because of the location.

Refrigerator didn't work, took two days to get new one.  Buffet breakfast and selections were superb, friendly staff, no free coffee 24/7 like Hampton Inn or Homewood Suites.   Simple lunch at the bar is pricey.  Parking lot is downhill, tight spots.

Quiet and peaceful

Don't !! This place is not worth what they charge, the property is a nightmare to get out of onto main  road ! You have to walk a mile to any of the guests rooms, and the parking lot is very dark at night ! The employees acted as if I was bothering them when I checked in! I will definitely be going back to Hilton Garden Inn next time ! Also, the food was awful, and very expensive , don't even get me started on the service !

I was there with my company.   The check in person at 4am was polite

My Dad and I loved our stay. My favorite features were the coziness of the rooms and the indoor hot tub.

Came here for a convention. Great atmosphere, they took amazing care of me.

4th floor hot water took its time!

The service and facility were incredible. The staff were kind and incredibly accommodating. I was disappointed in no mini  refrigerator in my room though.

Very clean, up to date and comfortable. The bar is great and paying for the breakfast buffet is completely worth it.
Very classy

Beautiful site for a conference! They have a great snacks package for breaks. The parking is a challenge so prepare to walk!

Stayed here for a trip and loved it. It’s in a nice location with lots to do.

Beautiful !! Clean with welcoming touches I haven't seen any other hotel do . You feel so removed from the hustle of the city it becomes an immediate trigger for RELAXATION !! Thank You and we will be back very, very soon .

This hotel stole my money and hasn’t processed a refund. It has been weeks of attempting to rectify the issue directly with the hotel. I booked a room on August 22nd for work. The room had brown water coming from the shower. Switched to a different room and the same issue happened. Because I was in an unfamiliar area and it almost being 1 AM, I was unable to book another hotel. The staff offered me free breakfast for the  inconvenience. I woke up late and they said I could have free lunch instead. I dined at the restaurant and checked out the hotel. Hours later I noticed my card was charged for the restaurant bill. I immediately called the hotel to see why I was charged as I had received free lunch. The front desk notified me that all mangers had left for the day and to call back another day. I called the following day and spoke with Melinda. I explained the situation to Melinda and she advised that the hotel has the right to charge your card whatever they please because I gave them my information when booking the room. I explained the hotel is only authorized to charge my card for the stay I booked. Free lunch was offered to me and the hotel did not have authorization to charge my card. She still said a refund would NOT be processed because they had a right to charge my card. I have been leaving voicemails and calling to speak with Christine the general manager for weeks since August 24 and she has not returned any of my calls. This is very unprofessional and illegal to charge someone card without authorization. I just wanted this manner handled with urgency and compassion and I have been treated as if I stole from the hotel.

I have also seen a similar review from another individual stating this hotel stole their money and won’t process a refund.

Comfortable bedding. Very nice breakfast buffet ($ extra cost), friendly staff.

Fantastic place food is amazing. People here are super nice.

Went there for a conference
Parking is plentiful but a distance from forum...not convenient ,no security for vehicles

This is the second time we have been to this Hilton.  Not a bad hotel.  The shower in our room needs a really good cleaning!  It has not been done around the tracks for quite some time. If I could add anything to the room, it would certainly be a full length mirror. It is hard to get ready without one.  The bathroom lighting is better than most hotels.
We had lunch and it was good.
The gym was really great!  They had a lot of well maintained equipment.
The lobby is very spacious and perfect for a convention.
We were not too far from the Newnan Theatre which was hosting the world premier of To The Moon.  Amazing show and great weekend at the Hilton

Hands down the worst hotel experience I've ever had in my entire life.

I booked two nights for the birth of my granddaughter via our American Express Points system.  (akin to sites like Expedia).  I had to arrive one night early due to my grandchild coming earlier than expected in a high risk situation.  I paid for that night with a credit card.

Night one - the room was filthy, scum in the tub, dirty sink, broken refrigerator that leaked onto the floor making the room so damp that it felt like the sheets were wet.  I complained about that room the first night to no avail - even sent the attached photos to the desk clerk, and was told somebody would handle it.  Nobody handled it.

They checked me out of that room and checked me back in for the two nights I paid for in the beginning of this long essay.  I went to the desk and complained again and finally was moved to a different room.

Check out morning comes and I get a message from the manager saying they were going to comp me for half my stay, which they did comp me the one night I paid for.  BUT...

THEY CHARGED ME AGAIN FULL PRICE FOR THE TWO NIGHTS I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR.

I sent emails with all my documentation - including my AmEx statement showing I've now paid full price for 4 nights and half price for one and I had a terrible experience.

I talked to their customer service who told me basically to just take it up with Amex.  I'm not happy and will not be back.

Stay away from this place.

This was a beautiful space and their pool is absolutely amazing!

This was and is the perfect venue for a family reunion as everyone enjoyed the amenities like the pool and fitness center, the suites and rooms, the bar, the available conference room spaces, and the overall experience!  Thank you to the staff for the welcoming atmosphere and wonderful customer care!

Zero stars I stay here for the first time for my family reunion and me and all five of my children got bit up by bed bugs And they refused to give a refund. I will never go here again.

I stayed at this Hilton for 3 nights and couldn’t have been more pleased with the staff. I’m an early riser, and my first morning, Mykel the night auditor, was very helpful with my breakfast questions. Mykel continued this kindness each morning and had such a pleasant demeanor and always greeted me with a smile. What a gem to have a nice welcome so early in the morning. The restaurant staff, especially Francis, Sveta and Elena, were just amazing. They were so busy, but stopped and answered all my questions without making me feel like a nuisance. They all worked so hard to make my experience a great one.

As for the rooms, they are comfortable and clean. I did miss having a refrigerator and long mirror. That is the worst thing I can say about my stay.

Thank you to those I mentioned above for making my time away from home a better experience.

I didn't like it here. Reminds me too much of Overlook Hotel from 'The Shining'. Too hard to find my way around. Very frustrating. 'Breakfast included' notes very conspicuous when booking...guess what? Sorry...no breakfast when I went down in the morning. No voucher offered...we spent a lot of money on that joint.

Awesome service from Tyler and Athena 😍 at the front desk. Thank you for your kindness to me and my mom. Fabulous Mahi Mahi tacos. Thank you Eva and Elana for providing me and my mom withan excellent dinning experience.

Great hotel, fabulous amenities,
good food

The hotel itself is great love the room, pools,  exercise room. However, the front desk is rude. We come in and the young lady at the desk didn’t acknowledge us. We told her our name, we paid. She just handed us our key and said all of our rooms are this way, pointing. Thinking to myself wow, no welcome to the Hilton, and most hotels even cheap ones will tell you where your room is located, and all the amenities that is offered. Fast forward later that day, I go back to the front desk and inquire about the digital key. No patience, and after setting up the digital key, it said go to the front desk, which I’m already there. The young lady said she don’t know I’ll just have to call the help desk. Ok so the digital key ended up working just a little later. This morning we head to breakfast, we have to find it because of course we wasn’t told where to go. My husband went to the desk and asked Jonathan the time for the breakfast and what to go. He is so nonchalant and rude. We go to breakfast and didn’t have a voucher, even though I had already paid for it when I booked the room. So now we have to go back to the desk, I show Jonathan where I paid for the breakfast, and he didn’t say I apologize or anything just asked our room number handed us the voucher and that’s it. Even though I love the the hotel itself, I will not be coming back, and honestly it doesn’t make a difference.

Excellent place to get away and relax.

Amazing atmosphere and service. Food is amazing.

Stayed the weekend for The Camp. The entire hotel was booked for this event.  Many of us "campers" had bad experience. Either with unexplained charges to our cards or hotel staff STEALING from us.   Yes stealing and of course the hotel does not want to take responsibility for the theft that happened.  I have lost( let me make clear it was STOLEN not lost by me ) right at 2,000 dollars worth of jewelry from my room and they could care less.  Guests actually witnessed a housekeeper stealing out of bags hanging on our doors and as far as I know .. NOTHING WAS DONE.   Equipment was stolen ...again nothing.  One employee was fired for his lack of due diligence on locking up conference rooms etc.  . When will thus hotel be accountable for the things going wrong here.  I will encourage anyone to take your business elsewhere.  They are a pathetic excuse for a hotel.  I've had better service at a Motel 6 !!

Went here for a Walking Dead convention and had an amazing stay. The staff were so courteous, friendly and fun!! I’ll never come to Peachtree City and stay anywhere besides here!!

Very nice

Went to the Hilton and usually I stay in Hilton properties and I've noticed lately that the Hilton properties are a little long in the tooth if you know what I mean. The service there was terrible the front desk was staffed by one person even during the busiest times and they weren't helpful at all in fact had a terrible attitude. The only reason I went is for convention and I will not return.

Very nice comfortable rooms friendly staff the ballroom is exceptional and the staff there is so friendly and helpful

Je suis resté 4 nuits là-bas. Les équipes sont super souriantes et accueillantes. Une question, un souci, on vous répond et on vous trouve une solution.

Petit déjeuner très bon!

Salle de sport plus que suffisante pour un hôtel, vous trouverez facilement de quoi vous entretenir.

Le bar : franchement pas mal. Bières, IPA, pale ale en pression, belle diversité de boissons avec ou sans alcool, et une barmaid super sympathique.

Pas testé la piscine (de toute façon l'eau c'est pas mon élément)

Côté panorama, ça passe, faut bien que certains est la vue sur le parking 🤣 mais il y a des arbres partout, Sortez et allez marcher, ça vaut le coup d'oeil.

Big-up à Tyler, a Evelyna, à l'équipe du petit déjeuner et au veilleur de nuit!

Overall, a good hotel.  Without a car, it would have been difficult to shop or eat explore local restaurants.  Beautiful area during the summer months.

The staff was nice but the rooms were larger then average with extra large bathrooms. I have stayed at other Hilton properties in Bham but would pick this one again for a return visit.

Like Terminator.... I will B Back... And you can bet on it

We walked in & the atmosphere was so welcoming & very well decorated. The ladies at the front desk were so nice & helpful. We were taken up to our room and it was also nicely decorated and very clean. The bed was pretty hard, but thats just personal preference. The only, "gripes" I have would be that the outlet within the nightstand makes a soft chirping noise, and there's no way to unplug it. I am a light sleeper and this was right next to my head so it was frustrating; but i draped a hand towel over it & that muffled it enough to allow me some sleep. We were disappointed in the fact that there was no mini fridge in the room as we went out to eat and couldn't store our leftovers ☹️ eating out is expensive now so this was a big let down having our food go to waste. But not a huge stain on our stay by any means. Take note the hotel is by train tracks. Honestly not as loud as I thought it would be but it was still heard.

I cannot say enough how wonderful and friendly the staff was. From the valet at the door, to the front desk ladies, to the room cleaners - everyone went out of their way to be extremely friendly. We went to leave our room for check out and one of the maids heard us coming and went ahead and hit the button on the elevator for us so it would be ready when we approached. Just a small gesture that leaves a great impression. When we left, the lady at the desk wished me a happy Mother's Day. I wish I would have gotten everyone's names that helped us, but if you own or run this hotel, please know your staff does an excellent job & they all deserve raises!

What a turnaround. Regular rooms? View of parking deck. Suites? View. 500 square feet of lovely.

La habitación me gusta, es agradable aunque prefiero luces mas intensas, siento que me falta iluminación. El servicio de limpieza del cuarto me dejo mucho que desear, el primer dia lo hicieron, los siguientes dos no. Y no volvieron.

First time in Birmingham Alabama and let me say our stay at this cute little Boutique Hotel was nothing short then Spectacular.  The service was Amazing. From the time we pulled up to the hotel, until we said our goodbyes. The staff were very informative on things to do and places to eat. Their personable demeanor and the hospitality was off the charts. We shared many laughs and conversation with the staff alone. Everyone from Valet to Housekeeping was definitely one to remember.  In town for a concert and we didn't leave without exchanging social media information and phone numbers (because we will be back). Special shot out to Ms Ro( housekeeping supervisor)  and also the young men who worked Valet. When I tell you they showed UP!!! I mean just that!!! In the world we live in today, WE ALL NEED TO BE REMINDED ON HOW MUCH WE ARE APPRECIATED! My wife and I were very happy to have found a hotel with so many friendly people.  I would definitely recommend this hotel over and over again! Thank you so much to ALL the staff that made our stay one too remember.  We will definitely visit again!!!

This is a cute boutique hotel in a central location. The staff took care of me and my wife from the time we walked through the door. A special thank you to Miss Ro who made sure we had everything we needed. Her hospitality is top notch!!! The ladies at the desk were very helpful and the valet driver's!! 5 star across the board

Zero amenities, no fridge, microwave or pool

Room was nice, but next to the elevator. Desk clerk said we could have another room, but the said no others were clean (at 5:00 pm on a Wednesday?). Had to have dinner at the bar because the dining area was closed at 5:30 on a Wednesday.Thursday morning went to breakfast. The dining area was open, sign said seat yourself so we did. Waited 10 minutes, no service. Went to front desk to ask, desk clerk was less than interested in helping. Asked the housekeeper on our floor for additional two towels, was told I had to go to the front desk to request them. No ice machines on the floors ( our room was on the 11th), was told we had to get ice from the restaurant. Checked out after one night of a planned 5 night stay because of poor service. When I checked out the desk clerk didn’t ask why, plus it took two days after checking out to get a refund which likely wouldn’t have occurred had I not called Hilton. I do not recommend this hotel. We moved to a Hampton Inn for the rest of our planned visit.

We stayed here for an event at Protective Stadium. The location was great for what we needed, close to stadium, restaurants, etc. BUT, the best part of the hotel was the valet staff/service. For $600 + for 2 nights, I'd expect an elevator that actually works and doesn't take forever plus out of 3 there was only 1 that worked. We overheard many other guests expressing the same concern. Also, no small refrigerators in the rooms? where are we to keep water, food, etc if needed? We called the front desk and they said "well we sell refrigerators"? huh. And overheard another guest say they had one in their room but it wasn't even plugged in. The cleaning done after our first night was sloppy, the bed was half made, our dirty towels were not removed and there was hair (that was not ours) left in the sink. Overall, will not be coming back, I could pay a lot less for a better experience regardless of location. but the valet service, 5 stars!!

Room was lacking a mini fridge or ice on the floor, so plan on going to main floor.  Elevators are slow though, making the trip for ice painful. Public parking is a few blocks away, not bad but may want to consider valet but factor the cost into your trip.  Also only had a partial roll of toilet paper in the room. Luckily finished up in final piece.

Was booked in a small, windowless room (308).  I was able to request from the front desk a room change after seeing my room.  I was also told room 308 was the only windowless room in the hotel, why would anyone be even booked this room is beyond me.  Also the gym was closed because apparently there was a flooding a few months ago, so I was told I could use the Redmont hote gym 3 blocks away - not so convenient. If I had known the gym was closed I probably would’ve booked another hotel.

This was the worst Hotel we have ever booked. It was for a1-night stay at The Kelly Birmingham, Tapestry Collection by Hilton for March 4th to the 5th, 2026 using Airline points. Unfortunately, the property was in such poor condition that we felt we had no choice but to leave.
From the time we entered the hotel, the lobby appeared dirty. The furniture as you entered the front door of the hotel lobby appeared dirty. The furniture was worn and torn and the floors did not look clean at the front desk.
When we entered our room which about 2 feet off the elevator, the situation was worse. The bed linens were extremely wrinkled and did not appear freshly changed. The room overall looked poorly cleaned and maintained. What concerned us most was that there were tan-colored bugs on the window sills and on the bathroom curtains. Because of this, we immediately became worried about possible bedbugs. We reported the issue to the front desk. They offered another room, but given the condition of the hotel overall, we did not feel comfortable staying. We left and found accommodations elsewhere. The lack of assistance afterwards made it even more frustrating. Because it was booked thru a partner site, the hotel refused to help resolve the issue and we were still charged. Cleanliness and guest service were both very disappointing during our attempted stay. We strongly recommend looking elsewhere when visiting Birmingham AL.

Staff was really nice. Very attentive and just engaged into making our stay the best. I've traveled all over and this was some of the best staff ever!! Seriously I can't say enough good things. Thanks to everyone at the Kelley!! ❤️❤️❤️

My young daughters and I have been enjoying our stay here. 4 nights of clean rooms, and phenomenal hospitality. Althea, Tim, Demetrius, Mireca, and Ja’Monica have been wonderful- providing us with everything we need for our stay. Highly recommend this hotel.

Surprised Hilton puts their name on this place. They dont have enough refrigerators for all their rooms. TV didnt work, no parking except $40 valet. Felt bad for the maintenance guy, he has his hands full with this place. I won't return and wouldn't recommend to anyone.

Nice place to visit walking distance from food.

We reserved a king suite and based off the initial picture you would think it had mahogany walls. Turns out it is only one room which is 702. Also, I checked in via the app and picked a room on a higher floor since I heard the road noise was bad on the lower rooms. When we arrived my room had been changed to 402. I asked front desk about it but seems like we were stuck with 402. As others have stated you can hear the road noise in the lower rooms and it can be quite annoying. The other issue with staying in a lower room is the bathroom. The shade in the bathroom was sheer and the only way you feel like you can have privacy at night is to turn the lights off to take a shower or use the restroom. The room overall was very nice but the road noise and lack of privacy in the bathroom really ruined it.

This hotel experience was by far the worst my husband and I have ever experienced. We arrived an hour after check in began, and were told our room wasn’t ready. The room not being ready was an inconvenience yes, but that wasn’t the problem for us. The problem was the rude, dismissive, un-accomadating behavior by the front desk staff. They did not give us an estimated time for the room, people who were arriving after us were getting their rooms. We waited 45 minutes for our room. We were made to rush for the event that we were in town for.

When we finally were called for our room, the lady who checked us in… said “it was me who called you over here, insert your card”
I tap my card. (Tap to pay) and she asks me..in a rude manner “did you insert your card”… I said “I tapped, and it said it went thru on my end”….she didn’t say thank you, I’m sorry for your wait,,, nothing. She simply said.. your room number is 706. And looked back down at her computer.

When checking out the next morning, I called down to the desk to ask for the truck to be brought to the front (like were instructed to do) and the lady that answered asked for our ticket number.. said ok and instantly hung up.

Also, out of 3 elevators only 1 worked.

I will say the valet guys were super nice! As were the kitchen staff of the restaurant/bar of the hotel.

I stayed at The Kelly Birmingham, Tapestry Collection by Hilton while in town for a major career-related event January 17th -18th 2026, and unfortunately this was one of the most disappointing hotel experiences I’ve had.

I arrived around 4:50 PM—nearly two hours after check-in time—and was told my room had not yet been cleaned and I would need to wait. I waited approximately 30 minutes, during which time several guests who arrived after me were checked in immediately and escorted to their rooms. The desk attendant even offered for us to sit at the bar for drinks, we declined as our time was limited. This delay put me behind schedule for an important event.

After expressing my frustration, the front desk attendant offered a breakfast credit that required charging items to the room and trusting they would be credited back  after checkout. I declined and asked for a manager. I was told the manager would be available the next day.

When I finally entered the room—the one I was told “needed to be cleaned”—it was clearly not clean. There was hair in the bathtub, on the sink, and on the bathroom floor. The shower/tub/toilet  leaked continuously, leaving standing water between the shower and toilet for the entirety of my stay. The carpet was sticky in places, turning the soles of our socks (and feet) black. The room temperature was 64 degrees upon entry while it was 30 degrees outside, and the heat took an unreasonable amount of time to come on. We did call to the front desk to report the issue, they advised to "give it a few minutes" and if it did not come on they would send someone up. It came on about 25 minutes later.

Because of the issue with the room at check in, I was late to my event.

The next morning, I again asked to speak with a manager and was told no manager was on site. The desk clerk (who was kind and professional) offered a $50 credit, asked me to leave my contact information, and assured me the manager would call me Monday.

No one called Monday. Or Tuesday.

I finally called the hotel on Wednesday and was directed to Kenyatta White. Initially, she seemed empathetic and stated that the situation should have been handled before reaching her. She told me she would process an additional refund and add Hilton Honors points, and I specifically requested a detailed email outlining the refund and points. She assured me it would be sent immediately.

It was not.

When I called back on Thursday, January 22, Ms. White had a noticeably smug and dismissive attitude. She claimed we had already discussed the refund and points and did not know "what the issue I had was" because it had been "handled". The “refund” unknown to me was the original $50 credit from the front desk, the day of my checkout, not anything additional. She did not tell me how many points were added and coldly instructed me to check HiltonHonors.com myself.

To make matters worse, the 1,000 points she claimed were added on January 21st did not appear until I followed up again on January 22nd , after my call with Mrs. White, and while I was writing this review. The lack of transparency and follow-through is extremely disappointing. I do feel i should have been compensated greater for this inconvenience. My career  and reputation was jeopardized due to a lack of coordination with this hotel.

This entire experience—from check-in, to room conditions, to management’s handling of the situation to fruition—shows a serious lack of organization and accountability. I now understand why Hilton properties are no longer my first choice, and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone traveling for an important event.

It was okay not great, also there is no parking whatsoever
And they want to charge you 40 extra dollars a night to park at hotel lot.  CRAZY

such a beautiful hotel (extra points for the BATHROOM), and within easy walking distance of our concert venue. both the front desk ladies and the bartender Steve was on point!!!! made the bestest of drinks before and after the concert. hard to find a bartender/server with an actual personality and not all smiles and yes maams these days (though he wasn’t short on either)  if i ever had a concert in birmingham again i would 100% stay here again!!!!

It is an older property without a functional workout facility but the staff is amazing. Their customer service is top notch! The location is walking distance to several restaurants and bars. Will likely stay again when it's warm enough for me to run outside.

DO NOT STAY HERE.  NOT SAFE OR PRIVATE.

When my wife and I stayed at the hotel in December, a staff member walked into our room while my wife and I were naked and in bed.  The Kelly Hotel and Hilton customer service have refused to make things right, only acknowledging a "security issue".

Nicely updated historic hotel. Awesome bathroom, friendly & super helpful staff and within walking distance to excellent restaurants

Absolutely terrible experience. I paid in full but they gave my room to someone else. RUDE ALSO. Took forever to get a refund as they said I had to contact Expedia but Expedia said I had to contact them. This is borderline fraud (if not overt fraud).

0/5 horrible. Canceled my room after I paid. My flight was delayed several hours and I got in late so they just gave it to someone else. Terrible service, awful experience. Book somewhere else.

What I liked most was the attention from the staff; they are all very friendly.

Beautiful hotel, great staff and I love the location.

We recently made a side trip to Birmingham on our way to the Gulf of Mexico, as for many years I’ve wanted to visit the 16th Street Baptist Church and the surrounding historic area. We chose to stay at The Kelly and could not have been more pleased with our experience.

From the moment we arrived, we were warmly greeted and made to feel genuinely welcome. Every staff member we encountered—the doormen, front desk, manager, and chef—was friendly, professional, and went out of their way to make our stay comfortable. It truly felt a bit like being at home.

Our room was spotless, with a very comfortable bed and pillows, a nice bathroom, and a large smart TV. We also loved that the building retains the charm and character of the original bank in its renovations—it gives the hotel a unique and elegant atmosphere.

The location is excellent as well: downtown, within walking distance of several restaurants, bars, and shops, which made exploring the city really convenient.

We will definitely stay at The Kelly again the next time we’re in Birmingham. It has our highest recommendation.

Great hotel but gym was not in use.

I had the pleasure to stay at the Kelly on my travels for work. I was impressed with the genuine interactions with the valet service and front desk staff.  All the valets greeted me with a smile and all around just exceptional service. Micah whom was my first encounter was so informative and I walked away knowing I choose the right spot to stay for the busy work week.

The hotel advertised breakfast however no breakfast was served by 8:00 a.m. The bar advertised hours of service until 10:00 pm, the bar was close before 10:00. The ice machine was out of order. I probably would not go there again.

Very NICE ad friendly location

Althea and another young lady at the front desk were excellent. The manager of the breakfast area was superb as well.  Will be back next year for my 3rd straight year.  Parking guys were the best!

We stopped into this hotel as part of a longer trip to break up the drive. We thought we’d book a nice room and get a relaxing night before continuing our drive the next day. That is not what happened. When we got to the front desk we were not greeted by the front desk staff because they were on a FaceTime call. When we were eventually acknowledged we gave our name and we were directed to a card reader to pay $50. Incidentals I assume but I wouldn’t know for sure because nothing was communicated to us. We weren’t told check out time or able to ask any questions because the staff was on a personal FaceTime call the entire time. I attempted to ask a different staff member about an ice machine and was told “through there” and pointed in a general direction and never found the ice machine. Wish I could say the room was better but it was so stuffy when we walked in with zero air circulation. The bathroom was not clean and the sheets were too small for the bed. If we weren’t so tired we would have gone somewhere else. I would never stay here again.

The hotel, the room, the staff were all wonderful. A HUGE shoutout to Ms. Althea who was graciously managing the desk and prepared us a delicious breakfast.

Also, Dorian, the gentleman at the door was a huge help and quite helpful finding local coffee houses and bars.

Nice hotel room and staff.
Definetly skip the breakfast! Nice waitress but the $3 yesterday's eggs at $17 was pitiful at best.

I enjoyed the stay at the Kelly hotel. I can see the strip on 1st Ave from my room.

Old but very well done with the renovation. The STAFF IS AMAZING! I stayed here 2x in a month on purpose.  This is a very good hotel which is rare these days. Thank you!  A+

Location is great. Remodeled but a little rough. Staff is lazy and unprofessional. We were told we could check in early so we booked the room only to arrive to a different staffer who refused to honor what the previous shift had told us.  After waiting in the lobby for over 3 hrs, we asked her if the rooms were ready. She said there were rooms (it’s a week day and not busy) but no one had inspected them yet. At no point during the 3 hrs we were there, did she think to simply get a room (any room) inspected. She said that the night guy had informed her but “He was just tired and wanted to get off the phone”.  Only on our way out the door did she offer to see about an inspection….got a refund and won’t be back. Not worth the hassle.

This place could be great but staff is unable or unwilling to follow through with what they tell customers.  We have stayed here in the past and noticed bad staff before but ignored it. Pay a little more and go down the street.  Anywhere but here.

Positive: Disappointed to not see familiar faces as their employment with the company was separated. Negative: ""

Everyone was so accommodating and nice.  Our valet for both days - Lester was so very nice and helpful!! I would recommend him!!!

The only positive thing to say about this place is that the workers from valet to housekeeping all had a smile on their face and were very polite. The shining stars are honestly the valet. They will make you feel like royalty. Everything else about The Kelly is disappointing and embarrassing. The front desk needs better training. We waited 20 mins at 5 am with a plane to catch before seeing anyone to help us retrieve our rental car and check us out. Housekeeping also needs better policing. We stayed on the 13th floor very happy to have the penthouse floor but unfortunately it was DIRTY. The walls, window sill, the shower all grimy. We were concerned with bedbugs bedding was highly uncomfortable and the carpet was just nasty. Our last night staying here housekeeping didn’t return to our room when we left for the day even though we caught them in the hallway to tell them the room was available to clean now (no big deal) but when I called down to the front desk to ask for fresh towels to be sent up we were told to come down to get them (annoying but okay. It was midnight) but to my surprise when I went down there only one set of towels was available (good thing there was only two people in the room). Listen I know it’s $180 I don’t expect much but I do expect there to be a bountiful amount of towels and clean rooms at the very least

Rooms where small and had no windows. Also there was an odd smell in our room like mildew or something. The service and food was top notch though.

Althea was amazing

Lester was great!

I love the retro vibe Hilton has with their hotel collection. Last month I stayed at The Stuido in Bristol Va. I love how they have restored the old buildings. This particular location has no on property parking. Valet is $36 or so. There's a paid city parking garage 1 block away for $9 a day. The staff were wonderful, helpful and friendly. TK, the bartender went above and beyond! The only small complaint as far as the room: the pillows, to me weren't comfortable and the cleaning staff forgot to refill the body soap. There's a few eateries within walking distance and The Collins bar is a short walk away. It would be nice if room service was available.

We were in town for the concerts and stopped in on our Birmingham tour. We had the pleasure of having TK as our bartender, very friendly and charismatic. The Kelly is such a beautiful hotel, makes a great place for an intimate setting with tasty cocktails and smiling faces . I tried the “Alchemy Kiss” blueberry sparkly drink and my boyfriend had the “Art of War” which I think was a blackberry and bourbon based drink. We will definitely book here next time, thankyou so much!

I had a wonderful experience staying for a business conference at The Kelly Hotel. Ms. Althea and Ms. K went over and beyond the call of duty to make sure I was  well accommodated and the rooms were so eloquent and clean until I had to go ahead and reserve my room for the upcoming Magic City Classic game. I highly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure, you will certainly be satisfied with your stay.

No housekeeping for an entire 24 hours.  Not just my room, but others.  Also, no wifi.

Chef Adam Jackson made our stay at the Kelly. His creations were incredible - it was the best food we've ever eaten! Thanks to the entire staff for making our stay fantastic. We will be back!

We enjoyed the retro vibe of an historic building repurposed. All the staff were friendly, helpful, and accommodating. I really do mean ALL. While we weren't in the room we had booked, we understand this was beyond their control. Our room was upgraded and we were still able to enjoy this cool old building. Our drinks in the evening and our breakfast in the morning were both surprisingly well done.
We are also grateful that we were able to pick up a shirt we had left behind when we passed back through town a few days later. Thank you to all the staff and we would definitely recommend The Kelly.

I’m so thankful for TK she really helped me and suggested on some good drinks .They were delicious probably some of the best drinks I’ve had.

This is a very nice place to go and getaway just to unwind. The bartender T.K. was amazing and can make some Awesome Cocktails.

Thanks to TK for the amazing extraordinary suggestion on the drink ‘Art of war cocktail drink’ it’s  one of the best drinks I’ve had

The vibes, the energy, the cocktails, and the staff were awesome! We had the pleasure of having warm and welcoming greets and also having TK was our bartender, if you guys ever want to stop in for a cocktail. Please try the Papaya Sidecar, it was delicious. We’re not in Birmingham that often but the hospitality was fantastic!

TK the bartender was absolutely an angel, very sweet, and incredibly professional. She really is a talented young woman and has a true passion for what she does. I stopped in to have a cocktail with my husband  and the staff was super friendly and the food and cocktails were delicious! The Kelly definitely exceeded all of my expectations and I will definitely return for the atmosphere and the cocktails.

While the hotel photographs well, the property appears to have undergone a hasty renovation with obviously new fixtures and furnishings that don't feel fully integrated. The bathroom presented safety concerns with extremely slippery tiles that were hazardous even when dry and while wearing shoes. Additionally, I found a loose tile from the sink area left on the bathroom floor, which raised questions about maintenance standards. The elevators operate slowly, though this wasn't problematic given the hotel's low occupancy during our stay. Despite these issues, the hotel may still offer reasonable value as a 3-star property due to the area it is located.

Positive: "" Negative: Had to request for a refrigerator and microwave. No parking.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

TK is an amazing bartender I definitely enjoyed all her amazing cocktails and my experience here. I host retreats often so I will be back

This was our second stay at The Kelly in a few months.  First stay, the TV didn't work when we arrived in the room.  They sent the maintenance guy who was great, and he fixed it right away.  Second stay was a week ago, and just like the first stay, when we checked in (a totally different room on another floor, the TV in that room didn't work either.  Same maintenance guy showed up but this time, he couldnt get the TV to work.  Said our only option was to watch Netflix or Youtube, etc.  No cable or local channels,etc.  Other than that oddity with their TV's, the hotel is clean and location is pretty convenient to downtown.  Also, props to the bartender...she was attentive and very nice.

This marks my third visit to The Kelly Birmingham, which speaks volumes about my satisfaction with the hotel. The staff consistently demonstrates friendliness and a willingness to assist, while the housekeeping team maintains impeccable cleanliness in the rooms. The valets are not only prompt but also courteous. During this stay, I had the pleasure of being checked in by Althea, who was exceptionally helpful, and I also appreciated the kindness of Lester, one of the valet assistants. In summary, if you seek a luxurious, tranquil hotel in a prime location, The Kelly Birmingham is an excellent choice. Enjoy your stay!

Living in Nashville I have to visit hime often. The Kelly is my choice hotel for BHAM! The staff is always friendly. It is great to capture pictures for a date out or friends who want to stop and get a drink.

This recent stay Althea had the pleasure of working the desk both days and she was a joy. So helpful and quick. She was a great host for this stay and made the already great hotel even better.

Will be back!

TK was extremely intuitive to my desire for a special drink. She recommended her own smoked banana old fashion with butterscotch! Amazing! Go see TK!

TK the bartender was amazing, great cocktails, great energy, and such a sweetheart! The Kelly didn’t disappoint, the staff was very sweet along side the food was delicious as well. We will definitely come back!

I’ve stared here many times and I will say this time was a much much better experience. The staff was super nice and the rooms was much cleaner then it has been in the past. And Val at the front desk went above and beyond to help me out . Super impressed with the front desk this time around

The Kelly is a vibe!!!! Val at the front desk was top tier,  professional and very welcoming. She handled everything with urgency and made me feel like a priority. Also the drinks at the bar. Five stars!!!! TK, the bartender, was very patient as we decided what we wanted. She crafted some awesome drinks when we couldn’t decided. The plum cherry Hennessy, and blueberry martini I would order again.

Great southern hospitality from the minute I stepped out of my car.  Rooms are spacious with modern amenities.

Was a little hard to find at night and had to call for directions. (The staff member we spoke with was extremely helpful guiding us to the property)

All staff were pleasant and welcoming, which made our stay very enjoyable. Very nice accommodations.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
I had such an incredible experience checking in at The Kelly Birmingham! From the moment I walked through the doors, I was met with warmth and professionalism.

Val at the front desk was absolutely amazing—welcoming, friendly, and so helpful in making my check-in smooth and stress-free. Her energy truly set the tone for the rest of my stay.

Terry at the valet desk was just as fantastic. Not only was he prompt and professional, but he also made me feel like a valued guest every time I came or went from the hotel. His positive attitude and attention to detail really stood out.

The hotel itself is stunning and stylish, with an upscale vibe and modern decor that made my stay feel special. From the bold design to the excellent customer service, everything was top-tier.

I’ll absolutely be staying here again on my next trip to Birmingham. Thank you to the team—especially Val and Terry—for making my stay unforgettable!

It was an excellent location for quick access to downtown and UAB. By far though, the staff were AMAZING!!! Everybody from the valet to the front desk, bartender, and cleaning staff was soooo friendly. I travel a LOT and I can’t think of the last time staff was that friendly. Maybe I just haven’t been to AL in a long time, but they were exceptional.

My overall rating is primarily due to experiencing the worst check-in process that I've experienced at any hotel.  I arrived around 9PM on 5/4, and walked right up to the counter.  I was visiting Birmingham for an interview, and the stay was therefore paid for by the company.  They could not locate the confirmation number, and the lady at the front counter asked me to have a seat while she contacted her manager.  90 (!!) minutes later, there was no resolution from the manager, and also no resolution from the Hilton corporate line.  The solution was to cancel the corporate booking and rebook on my personal card, for the same rate and the same room type (zero attempt to mitigate the 'pain' of waiting 90 minutes).  While the lady at the counter was nice, she had no agency/ability to solve my problem, which is a problem with the hotel overall, and the brand.  I'll be looking elsewhere next time I'm in Birmingham, and will perhaps avoid Hilton hotels altogether.

We had a few problems with the room. The outlets didn’t working in the bathroom and we could hear everything outside at night. The service was unmatched. The location was perfect for great food, drinks, and shopping.

The valet staff was the best part of our stay. The room was completely disproportionate. The bedroom area was rather small while the bathroom was large but not well appointed. There was no towel rack near the shower and still only one hook. No toilet paper in the room upon arrival. No luggage rack. Bathroom floor was filthy, in fact, I threw my slippers away instead of packing them to bring home because they were black on the bottom. The shower leaked onto the floor and the outlet came off the wall when I removed the plug for the hairdryer. I gave 2 stars because the valet was great and the bed was somewhat comfortable. I wish I could say more positive things but I simply cannot. This place needs some TLC. We are Hilton Honors and have stayed at many of the other Hilton properties in Birmingham. This was by far the worst.

Perfectly Adequate Plus. I am writing this review because of the staff,service, and to share what you can expect. The check in desk was small, but had plenty of extremely helpful staff. I was in town early. The staff stored some fragile items for my family so they would not be ruined in the heat in the car. They communicated very clearly with me through the Hilton phone application. I was able to get an amazing fruit tray delivered as a surprise for my family. The man at the front desk was very discreet and delivered it quickly so it was an experience that made us happy even though we had a bad night. Firstly we didn’t check in until 6:00 P.M. this was because we were going to a concert. The weather postponed the concert. When we returned to the beautiful “almost 100 year old building with the remains of a chapel on floor 7 and bank on our floor (13) AHHH,” it was extremely bad weather. The valet ran to my car and guided my family in the front door with a Large umbrella. Absolutely not expected and wonderful. Absolutely not expecting and easily managed was being double charged by Valet because I prepaid for parking, again it was easily fixed by the in app chat and that was cool. When I got in the front desk gave me physical keys to level 13 AHHH and my digital key was active. The guy at the front desk on May 2 at 6:00 pm ish was discrete and said he will be up in a moment. The $20 fruit tray was a magnificent mixture of blueberries,strawberries,mango,citrus,melon,passion fruits, and real whipped cream. We had a bad night, but the fruit gave the family and sugar rush to tour the floors (14) through the stairwells. We had fun. The room was 300+ square feet and we all had room. 1 hook for a towel and no refrigerator was of, but okay. The dresser and side tables were huge, had nice large flat tops and plugs for everything everywhere. The provided bottles of water were much appreciated and they said they could provide more bottles when I reached out. The lighting was beautiful. The room was in good condition, not perfect, but it was Very clean. The bathroom was spacious with a beautiful ceiling light and backlit mirror. We got cold on the rainy night because the air conditioning worked well and was easily adaptable. I highly suggest visiting the SMALL floor 7 and 13 to see for fun. All the other floors were extremely similar to each other. Floor 1 has many beautiful sitting areas and I assume the Calico restaurant is great because the room service and server were absolutely flawless. Be sure to check out the vending machines and the old revolving door/birds carved into the exterior walls that you can see from the vending area. THE STAFF WERE THE REASON I had to review, the place is convenient and nice.

Lovely boutique hotel, in close proximity to UAB. I am very grateful to Mirica at the front desk, and Ms. K, the Operations Manager! I had made an error in booking, and they were quick to graciously fix my mistake! Thank you truly for your kindness and professionalism! Valet is very helpful you can pay through their web portal. Rooms and public spaces are clean and recently renovated. The basement is undergoing renovations so the gym is closed temporarily. I felt very safe at all times. I would only suggest a mini fridge, but all around a great value and wonderful stay. I hope to be back! Thank you!!

Nice old hotel.

The hotel is very nice, the staff is very helpful and friendly! The parking is a bit expensive especially when you only stayed for one night! The mattress will need replacing soon very uncomfortable. The cleanliness of the room was good, no issues noted. Visited Birmingham for a concert at BJCC nice walk to the arena took us about 7-10 mins to get there.

Boutique hotel, run with the professionalism of being an extension of the Hilton brands. Staff are exceptionally friendly and immediately make you feel like you are one of the family. The real stand out feature is their small, but comfortable restaurant area. I was shocked at how few people that I saw taking advantage of this on-site restaurant.  If marketed properly, the quality of their dishes could make this a local attraction, in and of itself.

The staff is phenomenal but that is the only positive about this $180 a night room. The room was very small, no refrigerator, no microwave, the ice machine was "under reconstruction." At that cost per night, why would you ever NOT have an ice machine? "Under reconstruction" is an excuse, and a brand new machine itself is not that expensive,  I know from personal experience working and managing in the restaurant and bar industry myself for years. Parking is very inconvenient at either $50 a day for vallet or about $10 a day to walk a few blocks. Our dear friend that met us there for an event had to request a fridge for his insulin being he is a type 1 diabetic, and due to such a hectic check in service because all of Hiltons servers being down, it wasn't even delivered until the following day  after being reminded that he asked for this accommodation, and it looked like someone went to the attic and kicked it all the way down to the 6th floor, where they were staying due to all the dents and dings on the outer shell. We were honestly surprised it worked. The lobby wasn't terrible but the elevator is atrocious and the halls and rooms were disgusting. We could've paid far less money and had a motel "not hotel" with way MORE amenities saving a ridiculous amount of money. I would never recommend this establishment nor will we EVER stay here again. The only thing keeping this hotel opened is the staff, which were absolutely amazing!! You guys make this place but if I were you, I'd be looking for a better company to work for. Thank you for such great hospitality.

Althea and staff were absolutely amazing.|My room had a temperature situation due to some renovations which weee unforeseen. The staff addressed things immediately. Everyone engaged to help and in the meantime they provided all I needed to be comfortable. Thank you for a great stay and I look forward to the next time.

Great stay! Everything was fantastic from the check in to check out. Shout out to Anthea,  Max, and Lee for the excellent and friendly service!

I visited the Birmingham Kelly. It was a really great experience from beginning to end starting with Lee the valet He gave us all the great food spots, helped us with our bags and gave us a great experience. The front desk was amazing. Rooms were clean very enjoyable experience. I will definitely be returning

Hotel was immaculate. But what really stood out was the exceptional hospitality I enjoyed from the valet team. Lee was professional, kind, and prompt. He even held my Umbrella in the rain! I felt like royalty! I highly recommend! 5+ stars!!

I visited the Kelly Birmingham,AL. The hotel was okay, things could have been better. The valet was on point. All because of Lee, he was the best.

The hotel staff was amazing.   Especially the valet service staff PMC Lee.  Southern hospitality at its finest.

The hotel staff was very friendly and warm! Lee was hands down the best Valet I’ve ever had! Rooms were very neat and tidy, and the restaurant was very cozy. The check in was very easy and as was the check out(even though it was hard to part ways) I will definitely visit again, thank you all!

The valet named Lee was extremely professional and very efficient getting our car!

Shout out to Lee best valet I’ve ever met hands-down….😎🤙

The location is great, the staff friendly, and the room was nice and clean. We would stay here again and would recommend it.

From start to finish, the stay here was amazing! Mirica helped me setup a surprise for my husband when we first entered the room, and it was just perfect! He felt so special. Althea at the front desk was extremely helpful, kind, and on top of it!!! Lee and Terry at the valet were also fantastic; very fast and friendly. 10/10 highly recommended!

Absolutely horrible. Don’t know the gentleman‘s name but I called just now. He was argumentative would not give me anny information. I asked about the cancellation fee kept telling me just don’t book it if I’m wondering about cancellation fees, rude unaccommodating horrible service.

We had a great experience at The Kelly. The rooms are clean and beautiful, but as others said, the walls and windows are thin. On the 11th floor we could hear outside noise as if the windows were open. We could also hear other guests. It didn't bother us, but it should be known. All that said, it was great. The staff was fantastic. They were kind and helpful.  Hands down, I'd stay there again.

Had an Amazing Stay. Front Desk Staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was really nice and I was able to view fireworks from the window. Space was nice and quiet.

Awesome

Do not recommend; especially for the price. Valet parking was a huge ripoff: $42 a night, and you have to pay the full amount to get your car out the first time. Street parking is free on weekends (although not indicated on the parking machines); I have tried to get reimbursed for the two days I did not use valet, but the hotel claims it is run by a different company and that they will let them know (no response in three weeks...). Also takes a ridiculous amount of time to get your car. The rooms are fine but the restaurant is empty; started to get breakfast but they had no milk for my coffee so I left. Do yourself a favor and don't stay here.

Nice place near UAB hospital.  Price was half competing hotels in the area. They are remodeling,  and there were no ice machines. No fridge or microwave in the rooms.

Great job for valet!

This hotel is so beautiful & quaint! The ambiance is superb. Mr. Eric greeted me and made me feel like a superstar with his warm & welcoming spirit.
The bar is an added extra gem! You must make this a go to when visiting Birmingham. Trust me you will not be disappointed.

I decided to give The Kelly another visit.  Of course everyone from the valet to front desk to the bar are amazing and give great service.   I stayed in room 1305.   Big spacious room.   I checked in and the room was very cool when I walked in.   It was so so clean.  The bed and bathroom were spotless and sparkling.   I slept like a rock.   I went to the bar and they have such a great selection of red wines and champagnes. Not your typical hotel bar.  Overnight parking is $44 a night | I think that is all over Birmingham just to say.  Not just this hotel.  I will return.

Kevin Ludke and all the staff including Benjamin were delightful as always! |I will always return to receive the excellent service Kevin and his team provides!|They protect your valuables and take full responsibility for the customer experience!

Efficient, clean and friendly.  From front desk to valet. Thank you it was the best sleep I have had on the road.  Thank you Birmingham Team!

Great hotel, love staying here

Greet hotel…valet service was greet and Kevin was awesome!

Hotel was great. No complaints. Be aware of parking situation. They offer valet, but the prices fluctuates. We were told it was $35 for overnight, but when we arrived the actual price was$48...plus a tip.

I recently stayed at The Kelly Birmingham as part of a business trip and, unfortunately, my experience was less than ideal despite the hotel’s friendly and professional staff. While I was greeted warmly by every team member I interacted with, the property’s condition did not meet the expectations I have for a Hilton Tapestry Collection hotel.

The major issue I encountered was with the guestroom door lock, which malfunctioned throughout my stay. I had to make seven trips to the lobby to address the issue before maintenance was finally called. While the staff was courteous and accommodating, it took multiple attempts before they addressed my concern about the lock’s battery, and even then, the problem persisted for several days.

Additionally, the bathroom was disappointing. The showerhead had visible buildup, indicating it hadn’t been properly cleaned in some time, and the water pressure was extremely low, despite a maintenance check that didn’t resolve the issue. On top of that, the body wash, which was not mounted on the shower wall like the shampoo and conditioner, was left on the ledge and nearly empty every day of my stay. I had to struggle just to get a small amount out each time, which was incredibly frustrating.

While the staff provided excellent service and made me feel welcome, the maintenance and cleanliness issues made my stay less than comfortable. Given these challenges, I would hesitate to return for another business trip.

The staff at the front desk were amazing. Each of them serving as professional concierge’s. And Kelvin the valet was courteous, professional and fast!

Great location, friendly staff, and beautiful room and details. Would stay here again.

We booked a king studio suite. We were placed on the 3rd floor next to the 4 lane road, the car noise was unbearablw and we could not sleep. We asked several times at reception to move to the back of the building and happy to be down graded to a normal room. The two young staff at reception working on the 31st said this was not possible. The windows are not double glazed and the window in room302 near the bed has been painted half open so the outside air comes in leading to the temperature going under 20 degrees. Unacceptable Hilton should be ashamed of themselves.

Stayed for the new year and it was great. The room was spacious and the bathroom was super spacious. All the staff members were super helpful and professional. Thank you Sadelia and we'll be back.

Love @ first sight! If you're ever in Birmingham, definitely check it out! The rooms are spacious! I'm still obsessed with the bathroom!!! I have so many photos! 😩 it's a great area, I truly can't complain! Just go experience it for yourself!!

We had the most amazing stay at The Kelly. The location ,beds, the room were perfect. To top it all off the staff was so so great super sweet kind and helpful. Helped us out with suggestions for dinner. Which was great since we are from out of town. The duck nachos were top tier at East West. We actually were supposed to stay at a different hotel but there was issues there so the Kelly was a quick choice and I'm so glad it was. The bar in the lobby was great and bartender was the best. Everyone in Birmingham that we came across was so kind. Thank you Alabama for a great trip!!!

Nice clean rooms and the best customer service with updated bathrooms and USB connectors bedside and good desk for working

Very clean spacious room.
Friendly service!
Only parking available is valley, which was high in my opinion.

Nice hotel in a historic building. Modern with an Art Deco touch. Spacious rooms with nice views. Restaurant service was weak, food was decent.

Johnathan who valeted my car was amazing!! First time staying here and I loved it. Beautiful historic building

Belle surprise !

Ravie de séjourner dans cet établissement !  Chambres spacieuses, d'une parfaite propreté avec tous les équipements souhaités.

Very nice place but it does show some age

Really nice room and lounge area.

From start to finish the customer service was top notch. They offered complementary champagne when I checked in. The rooms/bathrooms are sparkling clean and beds comfortable with varying pillow firmness. Be sure to visit the restaurant/bar on the first floor near the lobby.

I stayed here last year around the same time and the staff is wonderful and super nice. However, pretty much everything in the hotel is dirty or broken. There are cute fixtures and like wallpaper and stuff but it doesn't matter if you've wallpapered out the elevator if it's destroyed. It doesn't matter if you fill up the soaps and conditioners in the shower if you fill them up with water. There was dark curly hair e erywhere and makeup smeared on every surface of my room. There seem to be like blood splattered in the armoire by the safe? There were like huge pink stains on the sheets. This place would be five stars if they could get on top of maintaining it because I can't stress enough that every staff interaction I had was super positive, great people there. Just not enough maintenance/housekeeping help.

Love the interior design. Friendly staff. Stunning restroom in corner suites.

We had a great experience at the Kelly in Birmingham. The bed was so comfy, we both slept like a dream. Really appreciated coming back every day & the bed being made, as well as water/coffee refilled. The staff were all very friendly & greeted us everyday. Would definitely stay again & recommend to anyone :)

Downtown Birmingham. Convenient. Rooms comfortable. Staff friendly. Valet parking is pricey and parking was on street.

Good hotel that could be great but needs some changes.   The front desk staff was very polite but the check-in process, especially the valet service was very slow and unorganized.   Rooms could use a clock!

Nice hotel clean rooms. The parking is a rip off the sign states $38 and they charge $57 when attempting to pay. Park elsewhere.

Stayed here for three night. Room was soggy all the time. Bar was never open during posted hours. Car was broken into at the valet. Hotel stopped valet from letting us know it happened. Valet is refusing to reimburse us for the damage.

Staff was very kind. Restaurant had good options. Would stay again. Gym area has a low ceiling, but plenty of options.  View from 11th floor.

Starting off with location - it is amazing! Lots of bars, restaurants, art near us. Parking was not an issue. When we walked in, we were welcomed by the nicest lady at front desk (wish I could remember her name). The hotel room was gorgeous and clean - we had a nice view. That night, my husband surprised me with a nice dinner and a drink at a local bar. Mind you, this was our first date in a year due to having no baby sitter in FL so we had to drive to Birmingham for a family sitter. 10:40pm on our way back from our outing we realized our key wasn’t working. My husband went to the lobby 3 times then the employee realized there was an issue with our door. We were told to hold for a few in another hotel room.. we patiently waited while wearing our date night attire (not comfortable). 1:30am rolls by and we are still waiting. At this point, we were too tired and fell asleep without our belongings which includes husbands medicine, our toothbrush, etc. we woke up early and another employee was at front desk - very rude guy who wouldn’t even look up from his phone. Finally gave us keys to our room and we go in. I asked him if I could have a discount due to our date night being ruined.. he made a rude comment and proceeded to give us a discount.

This historic hotel has valet parking or street/public parking. Liked the financial district of downtown BHam. Retro room decor with a good size bathroom. Heard the train during the night but added to the vibe. I could do without the feather pillows, although I always travel with my own so not a huge deal for me. Would stay again!

Dirty room. Pillow had crusty stuff all over it. Don’t think the bedding was cleaned and changed.

I stay at The Kelly every time I visit Birmingham and I highly recommend it. The rooms are very well appointed. The building is beautiful and within walking distance from some of the best restaurants in the South. The valet guys are great. They’re super helpful and are quick to return with your vehicle. I can’t say enough good things about this hotel.

I especially want to commend Natalie at the front desk. I had a minor issue after leaving the hotel and she was so helpful and diligent in getting it resolved for me.

My husband and I stayed at The Kelly for a quick overnight stay, but we were impressed with every staff encounter at this property. The valet staff were attentive and quick. The front desk staff were accommodating and knowledgeable.

We were a little concerned that no one was hanging out at the bar, but once we sat down, we realized the huge columns blocked the view to the lobby and most guests would not see how nice it is in thar area. The bartender, Ronnie was very nice and talkative as we all want our bartenders to be. He told us about the area and a lot about tequila, bourbon and wine. We really enjoyed talking to him.

We ordered dinner at the bar and the food was delicious.  Compliments to the shelf. We could tell the chef cared about food, the taste and the presentation. We were able to tell the Chef Rick thank you at breakfast the next morning when we had another delicious meal prepared by him.

I highly recommend The Kelly hotel for not only a great stay, but for a great drink and meal as well.

This stay brought about a 5 star mostly because of the bartender Ronnie. He made excellent drinks but the value really came in the conversation and attention. He was really personable and knowledgeable so I enjoyed my time and would return. Room was clean and cold, 64 degrees so I turned it up and had a couple drinks.  Staff was friendly as well. Really wish valet was a little less since there really wasn’t  any other option.

This was a well-rounded awesome place to stay and the staff helped to make it an even better and more enjoyable experience.

Staff was very curious and helpful. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the food at the bar.

Jonathan the valet was so kind and helpful. Everytime I saw him he was smiling and offering to make our stay more enjoyable. You have a gem of an employee in Jonathan!

Absolutely loved this Hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Kelly this past weekend for our Anniversary trip, and the service was outstanding. The valet services was the best I have ever encountered. They helped load and unload our car, and Jonathan even opened the car door for my wife. They are very professional! Definitely will be staying there again!

This hotel is nice.

It's a very nice hotel with nice amenities, in a nice area downtown and the furnishings are very cool. The hotel staff are very friendly.

Arrived at check-in time, and had to wait an hour for the room to be available. We were traveling for a concert, and had to change plans bc the room wasn't ready at the time it was supposed to be. No accommodations were offered.

The hotel is beautiful, everything is really nice and the breakfast was delicious 😋 I will definitely be back.

Stilvolles altes 13 Stöckiges Gebäude mit sehr viel Flair.|Die Ausstattung des Zimmers war 4 Sterne, aber leider sind die alten Schiebefenster (Denkmalschutz) nur einfach verglast, so hatte man das Gefühl die Passanten auf dem Bürgersteig belauschen zu können. Von anderen Gästen aus dem Haus höten wir Garnichts.

The room was decent . Slow house keeping.  It was suppose to happen every day,  it didn't.  But over all a decent time

Saturday check in was good. The valet was no problem. Sunday wasn’t so good. Being on the third floor you can hear the traffic up until 3 a.m. unless it’s best to stay on a high level to not hear anything. The shower didn’t close all the way which made water be on the floor. Checking out, you pay for valet and request your car. The car hasn’t moved was a big no especially, if you paid $39.81. You asking for a tip before the car come and you haven’t received your car and you on the third floor looking at your car not moved so I guess we should’ve stayed at Remont Hotel were you are treated like a King and Queen.

Elegant and classy. We felt safe and secure and were very well taken care of. The valet, Jonathan, was very helpful and nice!

Conner and Val were amazing in getting me and my friend checked in! Hospitality was top tier and they made us feel
so welcomed! We had separate rooms which were both clean and smelt great. I’ll definitely be returning for another stay if I’m ever back in Birmingham!

Everyone at the front desk was helpful the two ladies that was working that day they recommended places to eat and they offered suggestions for rides to the venue. The valet service was good (Eric) was helpful. The room was nice and clean.

Eric, Dion, Johnathan and associates were great! They were quick to retrieve my vehicle and very polite. Great service!

Eric and staff were nice/very informative. Everything was nice. Will return

I truly enjoyed my stay I will come again. Eric understand what real customer was something that in today's time is lost. The ladies at the front desk where a delight and knowledgeable about the area.

Valet parking was very convenient, great customer service. Eric and his team were friendly and provided punctual service.

Great service! Great care!

Absolutely phenomenal service! Eric was our valet and he was very kind and friendly. Came from Nebraska for a wedding weekend and LOVED everything about the hotel. Restaurant and bar were phenomenal. Staff was wonderful.

The staff was very friendly & helpful.I would definitely stay again

Richard & Conner were there to check us in at valet.  They were very courteous and professional. They even recommended a restaurant near by. Eric was very helpful in helping us to understand the unexpected extra cost we were charged on the valet fees. We really enjoyed our stay. The hotel was clean and within walking distance to a few restaurants.

Jacob & Connor were excellent assisting me with my care & gave excellent customer service!

Calvin and Malachi were phenomenal. Nice hotel for a quick overnight stay.

No real parking except for using their valet…($38)

I’m still waiting on someone from management to return my call from my 1-night stay for a concert (5/31). My card was charged for their restaurant/bar when I never went there AT ALL while I was there. Didn’t notice the charge until after the deposit charge was reversed.

This place is nothing special. Not horrible, but nothing amazing. Our room was small and the bed was not a King.  The shower door didn't close properly, the shower gel bottle attached to the shower wall was out of soap and the Keurig didn't work at all.  While the location of the hotel is good and has good walkability to local places, the valet situation is a mess and it's very pricey.  It also takes quite a while to get your car when you need it, even when they are clearly slow.

Great spot downtown. Good location and friendly service with a restaurant and bar downstairs. No parking on site , valet only. You can find a spot around after hours I assume

Great employees and great room

We booked this room(at 250 per/night)mainly for the location. As it was near a venue we attended. With this Hilton property(or backed by the name) it was subpar. No refrigerator or microwave in the room we had. No icemaker on no floors(you have to go to the basement) and as for breakfast...front desk had no ideal when breakfast would be started(I went down at 7am and no staff present) we got breakfast from an outside source. Just checked to see if staff was there upon our return....no staff. Valet is 38 per night. I WOULD SEEK OTHER HOTELS IN THE AREA AS OF NOW. IMPROVEMENTS ARE NEEDED AS THIS PROPERTY ASAP.

We booked a last minute room due to our air b&b not being what we expected. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Room was spacious, comfortable and clean.

Shampoo & conditioner, empty.  Poor lighting in bathroom.  The room was otherwise very clean, large and tastefully decorated.

Booked a room at the last minute, so we got the favorable same-day rate. That said, the place was very nice. Pleasant reception experience, nice quiet toom (we could hear a nearby train, but I like trains), and good black out  curtains. Nice eateries nearby, and not too far from the interstate (if you're passing through). Would definitely go back.

Beautiful Hotel!! Very friendly staff!!!!

Nice rooms, little on the cramped side and some rooms have no view.  Great bar and dinner service, valet can get backed up in the mornings but great otherwise

You don't get a second chance at a first impression. I booked this hotel for my husband and I to celebrate out wedding anniversary. We have 4 kids and don't have many weekends alone. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by a sign that the bar would be closed that evening, which was a bummer. When we got to our room, the door was ajar and the bed wasn't made the time was 5:15pm. We went back to the front desk and told them our issues. They got in touch with housekeeping and discovered that the housekeeper was looking for a top sheet......hmmmmmm truly the hotel is a beautiful place, however it would have been nice to have a truly romantic getaway with my husband and it was tainted by our less than welcoming arrival. I will echo what many have said in their reviews. The front desk staff are sweet, but unfortunately it seems they lack a strong staff and they lack processes to support training based off the housekeeping situation. I do not recommend this hotel.

Beautiful hotel with many walkable restaurants and bars nearby. The service was generally good, although the bell / valet employees exited their car smelling like MJ - not helpful and no way they were going to park my car.

Great location next to lots of things to do/see/eat/drink. Cute vibe! Rooms are boutique style. Huge bathrooms.

Beware!  Nice enough 3 *** hotel in an old building in downtown Birmingham.  Confusion at check in for 4 night stay over original booking so had to rebook then found original booking two days later.  Still waiting for a call from manager to explain how refund will work.  Never advised at check in that one has to request daily room cleaning/servicing and after four days, my room has yet to be cleaned/serviced!!!  However somebody was in my room today and decided to help themselves to candy!  They kindly left me two pieces!!  Completely unacceptable.  Tonight front desk said fresh towels would be sent up...still waiting for those also.  Never again.

This was a disappointing stay -

1) The shower wasn’t cleaned and had random hairs on the walls
2) There was no conditioner in the bottle in the shower
3) There was no hand soap in the bathroom
4) The AC/Heating system did not work - after blowing ineffectually for 1-2 hours, it would turn itself off
5) The tv was broken - the top third did not have color / was in black and white

Honestly expect a lot better from a Hilton. The front desk said a manager would call, but nobody ever did. I would not return - it would be a gamble if your room is clean and has working amenities.

Drove in from Atlanta to meet up with my daughter who flew in for a few days. We were disappointed in the following; The parking for 3 nights was $119.00 and you have no choice and it's a separate company from the hotel. Next NO room service at ALL. If you want anything from the restaurant you have to come get it yourself. The worst part is they have no double beds and king beds are very limited. They don't have any roll away beds to pay extra for. So I would end up sleeping on the floor! Absolutely Horrible! The OLD Hotel has been renovated and the thermostat in the room would only stay on if you ran it ongoing. I would not stay here again. For how big the bathrooms are the sink area and plugs are limited.  The staff were all very nice so that helped!

I had never heard of this place before, but it is a hidden gem. It's also close to a lot of hotspots!!! Service and staff were amazing!!

Great location, great staff and great prices!

I can’t say enough about the SERVICE at The Kelly, it extends from the curb, to the front desk, the bar & common areas, the rooms, out the door and beyond!! The hotel is so warm & cozy that during a recent stay I left my coat & didn’t realize it until I’d left the city. I left a message for housekeeping and within 15 minutes Tamara from Housekeeping called me back to let me know that she would hold on to it for me. She & the front desk staff  helped to get it to a colleague weeks later. So appreciative that they went above & beyond..& did so with a smile.

I stayed at Kelly during my business visit to Birmingham. Though my stay was booked till 26th Jan but due to safety reason, I checked out on 22nd. Items worth more than $300 were stolen from my room and the hotel didn't even have courtesy to refund the amount. I bought those items as souviners for my family and friends. Such a big brand and not even single cctv camera in the lobby. They were not even able to track the thief. It was one of their housekeeping person. Moreover their treatment towards me was not fair. Was not expecting such thing from a brand like hilton. Book at your own risk coz they dont take responsibility if anything happens to your belongings.

The rooms are great!  The new menus at the restaurant is very limited.  They won’t even add protein to the salads. The old menu was better.  But the food is good.

Great staff, very helpful and friendly. Room was clean and modern. Bed was uncomfortable.

Unfortunately, management leaves a lot to be desired here. They tend to avoid speaking directly to you but instead continue to relay information through their associates so there is a lot of back and forth and unwillingness to simply help. In this particular instance, we were told that our reservation had been canceled, but on the day of, we received a text about our check in. When we called to remind them and show proof that it had been canceled they stated that it wasn't showing in their system and therefore we would be charged.  We rebooked for a few weeks out and have the confirmation number but they maintain that since it's not showing in their system the confirmation email and number mean nothing. Rod Clark is the manager and while we were not afforded the opportunity to speak to him directly, the onsite manger on duty at the time wouldn't get on the phone either but instead left the front desk to convey what they were saying and you could actually hear her speaking, she just refused to take the call.  So they have charged us for 2 rooms, for 4 nights and since they know we are in florida not coming, I am sure they have re-rented the rooms.  Fraudulent for sure. They are simply terrible and there are too many competitors within walking distance to ever stay there again. Shame on Hilton for allowing their name to be on the building.

You ever start a review and don’t finish it but when you come back to the review it’s changed 🤷🏾‍♀️

Over the past 7 months I’ve stayed at the Kelly a lot so I struggled with my rating as consistently the staff is phenomenal - this includes the door, to the front desk to the bar.

With that being said, the Kelly is in an old/historic building which I love 💗 but the interior has been remodeled so you get the charm mixed in with modern decor. Where they lacked big time this go round was on cleanliness. I’m a little OCD on germs so yes I check my hotel room and clean everything. Well I’m not cleaning up chicken wings from under the bed, which is what I experienced on my last visit. Talk about being grossed out. Now the front desk took pictures and quickly moved me, which I appreciated. He was very apologetic and stated he would inform management, who would reach out. Now before I  get into my non existent reach out, let’s discuss room #2 which had hair and dirt on the sheets. At this point I just asked for new sheets and changed them myself as it was late and I couldn’t stomach what could potentially be in room #3.

I debated on this review and said I would wait to see if management reached out but they did not and when I checked out and mentioned issues with my room, I was told sorry to hear. The 3 stars is for the staff being 5 stars otherwise this would be a 1 star review

Beautiful , valet was amazing , answered front desk in timely manner , & extremely friendly !

Absolutely awful hotel. The rooms smelled extremely soggy, mostly and the hallways smelled strongly of weed. Later on my shower ended up exploding and spraying water all over the bathroom!!

When I asked for help at the front desk they were extremely rude and said they would not be able to fix it during my stay, but couldn't move me to another room. So I just couldn't shower my whole trip, in a hot humid environment. Absolutely insane.

Furthermore, the valet seemed extremely inept. I saw them pushing planters into the bike lane for some reason? What? Why? They came extremely close to hitting my truck on the planters after moving them

I will say, the bed was comfortable, and the bar was good, and no bedbugs. Not much of a compliment, more the standard but you know.

Pros:
• We booked a suite and I found it to be very spacious.
• From valet to front desk, everyone was very pleasant.

Cons:
• There is no housekeeping service available, despite our request for it.

The inconvenience of asking the front desk if someone can clean your room, being told okay, but still not having anyone come is very frustrating. Upon being asked why nobody came to clean, the only response was to apologize that it never happened.

I would recommend that your guests be informed that housekeeping will not be performed at all as a courtesy, so that they know what to expect. Calling down to the front desk for toilet paper seems a bit excessive to me. The question should not have to be asked.

•The Noise
If you are a light sleeper, city view may not be for you. There is nothing you cannot hear! Every car, every conversation. Let’s not get into the ridiculous people deciding to Street race at 3 a.m. Disrupting our sleep! It literally feels as if the windows were up, but they are actually closed.

Although the location was excellent & the hotel was very decent, we will not book with this hotel again if we return to the area.

From the time we arrived the staff was friendly and welcoming. Definitely the best place to stay downtown Birmingham.

Several guest were complaining about being able to hear the traffic at night while trying to sleep, so I recommended requesting a high floor if it’s available.

I used to work in the hotel industry so my standards are high. From the moment I stepped out of my car to valet park, to the time I left, the staff could not have been friendlier or more welcoming if they tried. They made sure everything was taken care of, with lots of smiles along the way! I experienced the best customer service from the valets, front office, housekeeping, and food service. The bartenders even got me big bags of ice for my sprained ankle! And every employee I passed, whether riding in the elevator or through the lobby greeted me with a cheerful hello and asked how my day was. Thank you for an excellent experience. I will highly and gladly recommend this hotel to all of my acquaintances who travel to Birmingham!

0/10 for cleanliness. A ring around the toilet showing they don’t clean it, hairs on the desk and the bathroom sink. I left.

Old restored building in the heart of downtown Bham.  Upgraded hotel

The hotel is not as fancy as it appears online. My room was pretty standard. When I first got into my room it was 77 degrees! When I cut the air down it would not go down. I told the front desk and it got handled but the thermostat from that point on wouldnt go to the temp I wanted it on exactly. The view of my room outside the window was uncomfortable, if someone in another room went onto their balcony they could look directly into my room. I had to keep the curtains closed the whole time. I had a king sized bed but the sheets that was applied was too small for the bed. An associate named Ben assisted me with getting that rectified. Handles on the end dresser was missing or fell off. The ironing board cover wasnt fully attached and needs to be replaced. I wanted Breakfast sunday morning and I was told they have brunch on the weekends. When I came downstairs the restaurant and bar was closed by noon. When I asked when are they opening back up I was told 5pm.For the rates during my stay this hotel was not worth it. During my check out I told the overnight associate and she notated my complaints in the system but showed no signs of good customer service or empathy, it came off as dismissive. This hotel was definitely oversold online and can used renovations. Not impressed. I have stayed in holiday inns that were better.

The entire hotel is clean & centrally located. I enjoyed the classic details in my room but what really made my stay was the kindness of the staff. I will definitely be back!

My room is incredible. Super clean and great views. Staff is awesome, personable and I had so much information shared as to where to eat and sight see. Loved my stay and will definitely be back.

Greeted with smiles and kind service, I felt welcomed upon arrival,  front desk was very professional, friendly and helpful, while working to check me in.
Great job, The Kelly!

After almost 17h travelling from France, we arrived at the hotel at 5pm. The rooms were not ready and we had to wait 1h30. Would have been nice to offer a complimentary drink for the wait.
Rooms are okey but the window is terrible.
Fitness room is way too small.

Room was awesome. Shower was great. Clean and accommodating. We had the king suite and enjoyed the short time we were there. Wish we could e stayed longer. We will be back for the next concert. Breakfast was top notch made to order omelettes.

A very nice full service Hilton with full bar and restaurant.  Yesterday there was very nice live music during happy hour.

We dined in their restaurant, and had very good meals, drinks, and service.  Nothing remarkable, but it was convenient and quite good.

We had breakfast in the executive lounge, which was a very nice buffet.  Lots of fresh fruit, and choices for full or continental fare, all included.

The room was clean and very nicely appointed,  bed was quite comfortable.

Mother's day brunch was one of the best I've ever had. The staff was excellent! The food was amazing and over the top. Keep this in mind for your next Mother's day outing!

John at front desk is amazing. I had an issue and went back and was so fortunate to get him again. Outstanding customer service and guidance to correct concerns.

Perfect spot when I’m in town visiting our office. The rooms are always spotless and very comfortable. Honestly, I’d still choose to stay here even if it wasn’t the most convenient location—simply because of the service. Nirmal goes above and beyond to make me feel at home and genuinely welcome. It’s rare to find that kind of personal touch when you’re traveling. And as a bonus, he makes fantastic drinks too!

Great location for my visits to our office. Rooms are super clean and comfortable!! But, I would stay here even if it was out of my way because of the service. Nirmal is amazing and really makes me feel welcome and comfortable. It's nice to have a friend away from home. He also makes great drinks!!

We have attempted multiple times to contact your hotel’s sales manager regarding booking a meeting room for an event. Unfortunately, we were unable to reach anyone by phone, did not receive a response to our emails, and even visited the hotel in person without being able to meet with the appropriate staff.

We are simply looking to reserve a meeting room, but the process has been unnecessarily difficult. This level of communication makes it challenging for potential clients to move forward and may result in lost business opportunities.

The executive lounge was very accomodating

Great hotel and awesome staff!

Was at Hilton for a 3 night stay in March for my granddaughter’s wedding. We booked an Executive Suite. Overall was a nice experience. There were a few things..soap dispenser did not work in shower, but we brought bath soap so that was ok for us. The hot water was not initially working in shower, but as soon as reported to front desk a maintenance worker was dispatched to fix it. There is no valet parking or bellman. We are seniors so those things are important to us. Staff was super nice and very helpful all the way around. Restaurant on site serves great buffet breakfast. There is a bar onsite for cocktails.  Would like to especially thank John, the Front Desk Manager. I was certain I left a necklace in the bedroom & called as soon as we got home to report it missing. He very kindly went to the room & did a double check in case it was overlooked by housekeeping.  I later found it in my suitcase as I had overlooked it. I will forever he indebted to him for taking the time he did with nec

Excellent choice for a weekend get away, a private meeting or any event to celebrate!! The restaurant food is delicious and beautifully presented. The service is spectacular and attentive, friendly staff.

We visited for a family wedding. For two straight nights, Nirmal went ABOVE and BEYOND to ensure that our entire group had the best experience. His service was top notch. Our family likes having a good time and although we can be loud and maybe obnoxious (especially my cousin in law Garrett), Nirmal was there to make sure we all kept having a good time. We have friends and family in the area - I’ll make sure we stop in again on our next visit to get another drink or several from Nirmal.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I visited the hotel the weekend of March 13th. The stay was only ok this time. The past couple of times we stayed we were told that the executive floors came with breakfast, this time they did not.  The room did not get cool and we did not have hot water the last day. I brought this to the attention of the staff and was told I would receive an additional 5k points for the inconvenience. As of today i still have not received those points.

This is a nice hotel! We stayed one night and everything was cozy and quiet. I especially appreciated how clean the room was!

Overall, the service was great—the guys were fantastic, the room was super clean, everything else was spot-on.

But let me be real straight up: it was **disgusting** watching the hotel chef making out with some girl who works there right in front of everyone. Like, seriously gross. I have no idea what goes on after that, but the thought of them handling food like that? Makes my stomach turn. It’s not hygienic, it’s not professional, and it completely ruined what was otherwise a perfect stay for me.

I get it if they’re dating or whatever, but come on—kissing like that in public in front of my husband and our kids? It made all of us really uncomfortable. That man was basically sucking face with a young woman right there. Not okay.

The hotel needs to step up and act more professional around guests. If you want proof, I’ve got photos I can email—no way I’m posting them here for privacy reasons. I’d really appreciate it if this doesn’t happen again, and someone needs to have a serious talk with that chef. This kind of thing is unacceptable.

All the rooms have bugs in there. They look like ladybugs, but I was told of different type of bugs that bite all the rooms have some people don't mind them. So they don't complain and some people does mind them. But they're in the beds and I have the housekeeper vacuum but it didn't help, they come back and Pete the manager for housekeeping, says they have this problem when they spray the place.  And it doesn't work and I tried to get help to get discounts at my room that was there for events and they wouldn't help but at the end, one of the managers gave me 1 day at no charge but it's really bad with the bugs and if you do have a problem, they may try to help you in other parts, but you won't get some of your money back from the room or any discounts.  They wanted to offer me free food for the bugs in my bed.Even though the hotel looks nice and roomy, I wouldn't stay.There would bugs , and it could have been more updated inside

Friendly and professional staff. Breakfast was delicious!

Kandice & her staff are great

Best nights sleep in a while. The beds are super comfy. The couches in the lobby are also very comfortable. It’s the perfect spot to work on your laptop and relax. You might never want to get up! The area is very nice and has everything conveniently located. The hotel staff is very kind. I enjoyed my time at the bar the most, a very nice place to unwind and meet new people. Thanks for having me -Florida

Its a quiet hotel location off Windward Parkway. It looks airy and modern in the lobby. The rooms are bright but have blackout curtains. The staff ensure rooms are clean. Due to the frequent guests the bathroom is showing slight wear and tear. The desk area could use more plugs. The hotel room entertainment on the TV has good streaming services to watch in the room. The room service options and food are tasty. There is free parking available. Good location to get the corporate offices by Windward Parkway and few minutes to Avalon and Old Milton. Overall a good option if you want a newer Hilton to stay at.

We recently hosted a client event at this location. Everything went flawlessly—from the planning and coordination to execution onsite—the fact that the staff truly cared, showed.||||The food was delicious, the space was perfectly set, and your team was consistently accommodating, professional, and a pleasure to work with. Our attendees felt well taken care of, and that level of experience makes a meaningful difference for an event like this.||||Thank you for being such great partners and for helping make this event such a success.

We recently hosted a client event at this location. Everything went flawlessly—from the planning and coordination to execution onsite—the fact that the staff truly cared, showed.

The food was delicious, the space was perfectly set, and your team was consistently accommodating, professional, and a pleasure to work with. Our attendees felt well taken care of, and that level of experience makes a meaningful difference for an event like this.

Thank you for being such great partners and for helping make this event such a success.

Very clean and great smelling hotel.

Real nice place you won't be disappointed

I stay here all the time, at least one week out the month for work. This hotel never disappoint me.
2026, and I'm back. This place continues to give 5 star service.

Stayed here in December 2025, and it was a huge disappointment. This was the third time I’ve stayed here. The first two times were great. I’m not sure what’s happening to this Hilton. We had to call every day to get clean towels. We had to call every day to get coffee cups and regular coffee. Also, the fourth floor hallway was filthy our entire stay. It never was vacuumed once. We saw the same pieces of paper on the floor all weekend!!! And something was off with our shower drain. It was so noisy. There were broken faceplates on outlets in the room. Unlikely to stay here again

I love that place

Not the best place to stay.  No hand soap in bathroom, when asked at counter “we are all out and it will be coming on a truck in the future”. used shower gel from shower for 3 days until truck delivered the bars of soap.  Not overly clean room, carpet stains, furniture pretty beat up, small bugs in several areas of bathroom.  Heater extremely loud, had to turn off to talk on phone and bathroom toilet had to jiggle handle to keep from running water.  Cleaning on request only and every other day they will then come to clean.  At checkout was asked how my stay was,  I said only fair and that was end of her questions/conversation at checkout, other than she stated ‘nice weather today’.

Terrible service, unfortunately. Booked a room with 2 beds, clearly on the reservation and undeniable. When we got there they didn’t have it , and they gave us a room with one bed, even though we had 4 people. Then they tried to correct it, and gave us a new room. When we got up there, the key didn’t work. When we called down to the front desk to let them know, someone came up and let us in. When we opened the door, there was someone already in the room sitting on the bed! They finally got us a room that worked, but they acted so awful. We were kind, but they act annoyed at helping us. Won’t stay here again, and you shouldn’t either.

The hotel itself is really nice and very well kept. My reason for 5 stars is based off the service of Nirmal and Lailoni. Nirmal went out of his way to ensure I had a glass of wine that I would love. Laylani made sure I didnt freeze in the lobby by bringing out a space heater since management doesn't have the heat running and its 42 degrees outside. My husband and I travel often and stay at numerous hotels around the U.S. and I will say this was one of our best bar experiences thanks to Nirmal and Lailoni.

A Best Kept secret!!! great service, comfortable and clean rooms and very kind employees.

I checked in with my family on the night before thanksgiving, we noticed that a bug was on our dresser. I called down to the front desk for assistance as the bug was gross and looked like a roach.  The front desk assistant Pierre was extremely rude and told me that I brought the bug with me.  I called back for assistance and Pierre would not answer the phone.  I called corporate and they connected me with Pierre that was rude again and offered no help. I hope there isn’t bed bugs or other tenants we are unaware of yet. This has been a bad experience so far. #hiltondoesntcare #bedbugs#roach#hotel #bugs

We were staying at this hotel for a family event. The hospitality room provided for the family was lovely. The only issues we had were with the shower pressure-which was non-existent. We had trouble rinsing the shampoo out of our hair! due to the poor water pressure. Additionally, the pillows were a little on the hard side for my liking.

What a wonderful Hilton, one of the best I have stayed in - it has everything....okay it's an American breakfast which is rubbish, but everything else, the room, the pool, the Exec lounge, free parking, quite simply the best around.

Very well maintained and clean. Restaurant has paid bf but it’s reasonably priced with good options.

Everything was clean and nice but housekeeping dod not replenish our coffee when she cleaned the room. Otherwise it would have been excellent!

Where do I even start?

The staff working there were fine. The service was not bad, nor exceptional either. The ONLY good thing about this experience.

Before I get into this review, I must give Full disclosure, I did not pay for this trip, It was a business trip.

THANK GOD I was not on the hook for this room. If I had, I would have demanded a refund/chargeback.

The building is OBVIOUSLY shitty new construction, and rushed/careless construction at that. There was active maintenance in the lobby, faux cow hide chairs that were coming apart in the lobby, and a colleague apparently found a half eaten sandwich in the corner of their room when they checked in.

See Attached videos for my

Maintenance Guy nearly walks into my room at 11pm, thank goodness there was a safety latch to stop him from coming in fully, only to tell his colleague that the room is already occupied, and they had no clue I was supposed to be in the room. They apparently had double booked the room, and failed to check if there was anyone renting it before walking in at 11 at night 😑🙄😒🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️

The room key stopped working TWICE in 2 days. They had to bring me a new badge key TWICE across two days to get into my room that I was able to enter the hour before.

Pardon my language, but HOLY HELL. I literally had to go get a mattress topper from the Walmart nearby to be able to sleep. It felt like it was made of bricks and cardboard. No support at ALL, you sit down, and it is instantly box spring. Just fully depressed into the box spring.

Then the TV showed room 335… I was in 719… what? HOW?

Only found the last issue of at the end, the Wall that has for plugging in phones also came loose from unplugging the phone 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️

Then the safety issue is the exposed outlet in the bathroom which is a shock risk

After an uncomfortable experience at the Westin Duluth, our stay at the Hilton Alpharetta has been an absolute breath of fresh air. From the moment we arrived, the staff has gone above and beyond to make us feel welcome.
John and Mohammed at the front desk are always friendly and accommodating, they truly setting the tone for great hospitality.

The Executive Lounge staff is wonderful as well personable, always smiling, and in great spirits. The executive lounge also has rooftop patio which is great for taking work calls or just relaxing.

The bartenders, Haley and Nirmal, make excellent drinks and create a fun, relaxing atmosphere. If you're in the area I would suggest to stop by for a drink.

The Hearth restaurant has also been fantastic, with delicious and reasonably priced food and a variety of great options to choose from.

We’re traveling with both our pet and an elderly parent and the kindness and care shown by the staff have made her feel so comfortable too. Overall, this hotel has exceeded our expectations in every way, we’ll definitely be returning!

Excelente estadia e localização num espaço bem isolado e tranquilo

Excelente hotel,  limpo, organizado, quartos espaçosos, bom atendimento. Cafe da manhã normal,  Fica a 3 minutos de carro de um Walmart.

Beautiful hotel!

Great hotel and great hospitality. The lobby, elevator and the rooms were  extremely  clean.  We’ve stayed here twice and both experiences were great.  The front desk receptionist was very kind and helpful. We will definitely be back!  Overall the hotel was nice, safe, quiet, and clean!

We stayed on September 18 and 19th for a local concert in the area to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The gentleman at the front desk was absolutely awesome. He made us feel super welcome and gave excellent service throughout our stay. Beautiful hotel, great area, highly recommend.

One of the best hotels around! Feels more like a 4-5 start hotel. I absolutely enjoyed everything about my stay here. Customer service , the rooms are really nice , comfortable bed. We really enjoyed the suite, so many windows ! Perfect quiet location, we will only stay here when in ATL!

Wonderful and helpful people always looking for an good answer to whatever you need.

I had an amazing experience as a Diamond member. I immediately received my upgrade and the rooms were beautiful. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly as well, and the food was delicious.

Muy bien hotel y muy buen servicio. Lo único que no tiene gran cosa cerca para hacer

The location is so convenient to everything in Alpharetta.  We stay every month, and have only had exceptional service. Every area of this hotel is amazing. Definitely the best place to stay in Alpharetta!

I stayed at Hilton Alpharetta on August 30. As a Gold member, I didn’t get a room upgrade, but the room was fine—though the toilet was smaller than in other Hiltons. I appreciated the early check-in, and Nadia at the front desk was very helpful. At lunch, my waiter Paul was professional and kind. The burger with salad was delicious. The modern, spacious lobby was also impressive.

The front desk service experience was very disappointing. We have been waiting for our room with a king size bed and they said we would have to wait until 4 pm. As we were waiting in the lobby there were several parties who checked in after us who were given a king size room. When I went up to the front desk and inquired the lady at the front desk said that we still needed to wait even though others checked in after us. Then while we were waiting she abruptly left without saying anything to us. Now the next front desk staff is saying that they are sold out so not sure what is going to happen.

Very clean hotel &  rooms.Azandra and John at the front desk A+ customer service.

Top notch Hilton location. Felt new even though its been there 4 years (I think). Rooms were in excellent condition both in the higher end materials used as well as in their cleanliness. The rooftop executive lounge and bar is really nice. Attendee in the evening - Vanessa - was super friendly and welcoming, making sure the bar was stocked with appetizers, drinks and snacks. She brought a very nice and personal touch to the brand experience.

The front desk staff is really rude and inconsiderate when I checked in on 17 Aug morning. I have booked and fully paid for 1 day prior my arrival so that I can have my room ready when I arrived in the morning. The staff told me that my booking was canceled and nothing they can do anything about it. She also refused to make another booking for me even when I’m willing to pay. I’ve traveled the world and been to many counties, this was probably the worse hotel service that I’ve experienced. The staff had ruined the brand and reputation of Hilton.

Location is fantastic! Rooms cleaned every day, great hotel in a wonderful place! John is the real deal and so helpful and friendly! Would highly recommend it!

Always a great stay. Thank you!

The hotel is large and beautiful, with nice rooms and a great location. However, the breakfast was disappointing. Despite ordering a la carte, the quality wasn’t great. Also, if there aren’t enough guests, the buffet isn’t available, instead, you’re limited to choosing just one item from a set menu.

Check in was a mess. I booked directly on the website and it charged me same day. When I arrived, the representative at the front desk tried to charge me the full total plus $50 incidental fee... I explained to her that I was already charged the full price and could show her on my bank statement. She replied "I understand that but it has not been paid." I showed her the charge and my email that states "We charge you in advance for your stay." After going back and fourth a few times, she called someone and stated "Hilton is doing something different I guess." and just charged me the $50.

The rooms are spacious but could use an upgrade on a few items. Chipping chairs, etc. The elevator door scrapes and makes a horrible noise and the hallways are hot. The pool was also closed our entire stay, which was half the reason we booked. Great location, though. Quiet and in a good neighborhood. Would stay again, just need to get the check in process to be easier.

Clean and quiet and very new looking. Only complaint if any was that retail shopping and eateries were not within a short walk.

Positive: Overall GREAT VALUE. Only setback is they would not drive us to downtown Alpharetta because they were understaffed that night. Negative: ""

We stayed this past weekend for bf’s birthday. Honestly, this hotel is gorgeous, modern and conveniently located. However, the thermostat issue really dampened our experience after the first day. It read 68, but it felt like 75. We reached out to the front desk and they sent the engineer up, but he just lowered the thermostat, and it was to no avail. I let the front desk know this am and I wasn’t offered the 100% guarantee for last night. Being a previous Hilton employee, I know that this scenario should have warranted it at least being offered even if not accepted.

Nice hotel, great staff. Helee and Meksed are wonderful in the bar!

Nice modern hotel which is a cut above the average places one stays at. Cool concierge level deck, if your willing to pay a little extra. Nice staff, good bar, great safe area.

First, I must say the hotel was nice, our room was clean, the food was good, and it should be it’s a Hilton… |The disappointment:|The air condition in our room was Poor it would never get down to the temperature we set the thermostat to, and the room was very humid. It was very unconformable. We had to leave the bathroom exhaust fan on all the time to take out the humidity. This helped some and made it bearable, but it was still uncomfortable. This was very disappointing for as much as the room cost. |If you like to sleep in a cool comfortable room, this is not the hotel for you. ||Next: The pool was closed the three days and two nights we were there. |The front desk staff kept telling us it would be open, first it was 6am then 8 am then noon then sorry the next day at 6am, it would be open. It never opened. Did the front desk staff not know how long the pool would be closed or were they told by the manager to lie to the customer thinking their guest was only staying one night and it would not know the difference.  ??? |We chose this hotel because it had a nice pool, and this was a big disappointment. It was like going to the beach and there was no water in the ocean to swim. We worked hard all year to save our money and take a nice vacation, paid a premium for this hotel. The one thing we looked forward to was using the pool and it was shut down for our entire stay.  A maintenance engineer told us there was an inspection coming and that's why it was closed. Really !!!!|The management should pay more attention to the guests and have the pool in good operation ALL the time. Instead, they decide to be cheap and wait until there is an inspection coming to get their pool back up to par. It's unacceptable for a Hilton in the middle of July to have their pool shutdown for one day much less three days. My God people what are you thinking????   Take care of your pool every day and don’t wait for an inspection to make repairs. This makes me wonder how the rest of the hotel is maintained and managed.  Unacceptable for a Hilton.  |Note: The pool may have been shut down for longer than that. We were there only three days, and it was closed the entire time.|Steve & Teresa Leake

Positive: "" Negative: You have to pay for brakfast

This I s horrible hotel. The tv remote doesn’t turn on the tv, the are little flying bugs (I’m hoping fruit flies in the room, the temperature is saying that it’s 66 degrees when it feels like 78 to 80.  I am a lifetime diamond Hilton member so I’ve stayed in multiple properties around the world and this is the worst Hilton property I’ve ever stayed in.  Horrible experience form the money!

They have day reservations which is nice.

The room was very clean and front desk people very professional and helpful.i would definitely come back and stay.

The only suggestion I would have is for the restaurant. I eat very healthy and there are no restaurants nearby so I had lunch at the hotel restaurant and ordered a side of broccoli. There was so much salt and oil on it, that it was inedible. Server should have taken it off the check. Suggestion: if someone orders a vegetable, it usually means that we want something healthy and I can add salt myself if I want it.

I have been staying at the hotel for the last couple of years and the sleeping rooms always seem like they are brand new. Everything is always clean, the staff are always very friendly with great customer service, and the food on-site hits the spot. This is my go to hotel when in the ATL area due to location, vibe, service, and cleanliness.

Nirmal was absolutely fantastic—warm, attentive, and incredibly efficient. They made us feel welcome from the moment we sat down! Their upbeat attitude really elevated the whole experience. Highly recommend!

Nirmal is by far the most attentive and genuinely kind human being I’ve had the pleasure of interacting with while staying at a Hilton property.
Travel for work can be tough but being cared for by staff like this makes you feel like you’re among friends.

We stayed at the Hilton for two nights to attend a family funeral in Alpharetta. The location was great and the hotel staff were very welcoming. We were upgraded to a beautiful corner suite on the pet friendly floor. The hostess in the Executive Lounge was really nice and we appreciated her attentiveness.

Executive lounges are becoming increasingly uncommon in Hilton properties, making their presence at this location particularly noteworthy. Furthermore, the lounge is exceptionally well-maintained. The staff provides excellent service, the rooms are consistently clean, and complimentary parking is available in a spacious lot

One day getaway at Hilton after shopping in Avalon.  I got touched by Mr.John at front desk. Although he seemed to be very busy with lots of things but John did help to take prompt measures with his sophisticated considerations, which was not superficial at all.  To add what else I liked most, I loved the ALL GREEN TREES view from the room not facing the other buildings. Also loved the executive lounge (outdoor patio and beverages such as bottled water and other drinks too)
Will definitely come back here again.
Big thank you to Mr. John and also thanks to Mr. Cameron at breakfast buffet kitchen.

My wife and daughter stayed here while traveling and the front desk lady was really nice a d willing to share her opinion

There are so many things that I would like to say about this property words cannot express how I feel. The property is so clean the customer service is phenomenal 👏 they bend over backwards to please their guests very welcoming 😁 the staff always have smiles on their faces.||The food is excellent the customer service is phenomenal and if you just want to relax and not be in the inner city this property is very relaxing tranquil and next to great restaurants and if you just want a mental break you can even take a nice walk or relax in the pool with a cocktail. I want to give a special shout out to all the staff 🙌 Michael especially , I told Michael that I just needed to unwind I have recently lost my father 😢 and I just wanted to wind down and get off the merry  go -round and I wanted to book a  room with some space so that I could clear my mind and he was able to make that happen and I truly appreciate that. The room that Michael selected for me will be my special room when I come back for my next visit. This property  has it all. I enjoyed the view the balcony the trees the clouds ☁️the birds🕊️ the ambiance in the 🌆 and the ☀️ during the day. I did not get an opportunity to see Michael but the kindness will never be forgotten 💞 . Sorry this review is lengthy but you must go see this property and also if you are a diamond member or have access to the executive lounge it's beautiful the person that's over that department🥰did not disappoint.   I did not get their name but they run a tight ship always clean very welcoming very accommodating and always greeted with a smile nothing is out of order. So if you're looking for that break and don't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of the inner city definitely take that ride and get off on ramp 11 away from the city.|| Thank you all for everything and I can't end this without saying that the manager Muhammad is a top notch individual Muhammad puts the H in Hilton.Thank you all for everything. Oh I almost forgot Pierre very kind. And you must try the food it's so good I want to thank David for delivering our meals and a timely matter to our room my compliments to the chefs there. 👨🏼‍🍳🍳Oh did I forget to mention special parking for diamond members 💎 I could go on but read the reviews this is a star⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ property always in my book 📖 .|The 🍑State so much to see and do. |Sincerely |The Brown Family|

Great location and the rooms are good. Didn't have Internet in my room last trip, though. Other parts of the hotel the WiFi worked no problem, but I'm my room the was always an error correcting and no one tried to fix the problem.

Positive: location Negative: cocktail prices, desk attendant was horse and couldn't understand i was pre=paid

Clean, quiet, rooms are nice, very pleasing and location is easy to get to, no heavy traffic.

spent two days searching for a suitable hotel for our trip to Six Flags White Water and ultimately chose this Hilton hotel. The nearby hotels were either dated or too expensive. The check-in process was simple and efficient. One unexpected issue was the $50 deposit per room per night, which required adjustments to my payment arrangement as I was using a buy now pay later service through Klarna. The hotel offers a range of amenities, including an outdoor pool, bar, restaurant, gym, large meeting rooms, and a spacious common area with computer facilities. The service was good, and the rooms were clean, comfortable, and featured high-quality mattresses. Given the hotel's modern design, strategic location, and abundance of nearby dining and shopping options, I highly recommend it.

Stayed here one weekend in May 2025 for a wedding which was nearby.  Property was easy to get into and out of with plenty of free parking.  Was welcomed via text before arrival as a Hilton Diamond Member.  Used the digital key with no issues.||Room was spotless, clean, and well appointed.  Bedding, mattress, and pillows were high quality and quite comfortable.  Slept well.  Television channel selection was solid along with streaming capabilities.  Fitness center was adequate.||The real highlight here was the breakfast buffet.  Staff were so friendly and provided excellent service.  Buffet was outstanding with true tasty southern grits cooked the right way.  Breakfast was well worth the price.||After checkout using my Hilton app, I noticed that the food/beverage credit had not  been applied at all.  Called and management quickly fixed the error and credited my card.  ||Recommend this Hilton property highly if you are in the area!

Positive: Cleanliness no Negative: No

I had a great stay at the Hilton Alpharetta. The hotel staff were incredibly nice and helpful — truly made the experience feel welcoming. The location is convenient, and the rooms are clean, spacious, and comfortable.
That said, I think it would be a great upgrade if Hilton considered offering better coffee options in the rooms, like Nespresso machines. Also, the blankets seemed a bit worn and discolored from frequent use — a refresh would go a long way.

Positive: Customer Service, cleanliness Negative: Should have microwave in rooms.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The staff at the Hilton Alpharetta are the most accommodating, professional and courteous hotel staff I've ever encountered. They truly made my stay at the Hilton memorable and I cannot thank them enough for their stellar customer service.

By far the best place to stay when in the area!!!

Omgoodness! This hotel certainly embodies a spirit of excellence. From the cleanliness of the rooms and the property to the outstanding food that was prepared (GOUDA GRITS and Bananas Foster's french toast). My husband and I visited this property while celebrating our wedding anniversary. We met pierre at the front desk upon arriving, and he made us feel right at home after such a long flight. Mohammad took such amazing care of us by reminding us of events, etc and a warm friendly smile every time we passed the front desk, making our celebration even more special.
10 stars in my book...we will visit again.

Went here for a company conference.  Had a great time. Staff were very friendly and professional.

stayed at the Hilton in Alpharetta for a work trip and overall had a solid experience with just a few areas that could use improvement.

I arrived late—as usual—and check-in went smoothly. The front desk agent was extremely polite and helpful. I asked for a plastic key (I always do this as a backup in case the app fails), and while she was processing it, another employee (Not front desk maybe engineering are maintenance) chimed in to say I didn’t need to visit the desk if I checked in on the app. I had literally just explained why I came down, so that felt a bit dismissive. Either way, I got my keys (she gave me two) and headed up. My Hilton Gold status wasn’t acknowledged—not a big deal, but it’s usually part of the routine.

My room was on the 7th floor and looked great. Just inside the door was a Cuisinart coffee maker (dual-cup), a small refrigerator with two complimentary water bottles, and a low countertop with two drawers. Between the coffee area and the closet was a wall mirror. The closet itself had hangers, an ironing board, iron, and a safe. At the top of the closet, there was what looked like a concealed compartment—unclear what it's for, but it stood out.

The bedroom had a wall-mounted TV above a second set of drawers with an ice bucket and glasses, a desk with a non-rolling alligator print chair (surprisingly stylish), and a plush armchair with a side table and lamp. Bedside setup included two lamps, an alarm clock, and a limited number of USB ports and plugs. Outlets were scarce overall—one near the coffee maker (but half-blocked), and one in the hallway.

The bathroom was clean, with a glass shower, lighted mirror, and a built-in nightlight (which I always appreciate). Towels were average—not luxury, but not thin or scratchy. A hair dryer was provided. The door had a solid privacy guard at the bottom.

I didn’t have much of a view at night, but the room felt comfortable and well-kept.

Breakfast was a bit of a mixed bag. The staff was great—super friendly and welcoming—but the food didn’t impress. The bacon was practically inedible, hard like plastic. Pork sausage links were decent, and the Gouda cheese grits were flavorful but salty. Pre-made waffles were good. There were the usual extras like breads, pastries, and fruit, but overall it didn’t feel like a standout Hilton breakfast. I didn't go back after that for the rest of my stay.

The snack shop by the front desk could use serious attention. It was heavily stocked with healthy options that didn’t seem to be selling, while candy and chocolate were gone almost immediately. I had a late night chocolate craving and came up empty-handed—only ice cream was available. On top of that, they sell glass Coke bottles that require a bottle opener, but there’s none in the room or the shop. I had to go back to the front desk and ask the guy to use the one he carries in his pocket. That shouldn’t be how it works—either include a bottle opener in the room or offer one with the purchase.

I didn’t request housekeeping during my stay, but I liked that they left a card on my door letting me know I could reach out by 2 PM if I needed anything. That’s a nice, considerate touch I haven’t seen at other Hiltons.

Parking is mostly in the rear. There are Diamond and handicap spots up front, but for most guests, you’ll need to walk a bit either to the front entrance or the side door—even from the closest spot in the main lot.

Each evening, the hotel had a lively vibe. The bar and patio areas had groups hanging out, enjoying drinks and conversation. It seems like a fun place to stay if you're here for leisure. I was just in town for work, so I didn’t get to take advantage of it—and I never even saw the pool (if they have one).

The night staff were friendly and attentive every time I passed through the lobby.

Overall, the hotel is clean, the staff is great, and the room was comfortable. Just a few tweaks—better breakfast execution, a stocked snack shop, and accessible bottle openers—would elevate the stay.

Positive: "" Negative: Floor was not vacuumed prior to our arrival.

My stay was great! The hotel was clean, comfortable, and fun. I loved the area—so much to see and do. Would definitely recommend to others! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Great little hidden gem.

Excellent hotel. Very nice decor, clean room.

I have stayed here twice now since February and last weekend in March 2025. I've always wanted to check out this place and it did not disappoint. The place was really beautiful and very clean. The amenities in this hotel were top notch! The lounge was definitely an added Plus with very good snacks and coffee but since I stayed over the weekend I didn't really get to experience the full offerings of the business lounge as it's really only fully operational during the weekday. I'm a Gold Hilton Honors member and the first stay we had back in February we got upgraded to a suite and I tell you that the suite was very nice! We tried the restaurant and ordered the appetizer, main, course and dessert and it did not disappoint as it was excellent! The cocktails were spot on as well. Even though they had a very limited staff at the time we were still served well. The next day we also tried the breakfast and they did not have the buffet during this time but the restaurant also served an excellent breakfast. The only negative thing that we experience on our first stay was they had a new point of sale system and this kind of jacked up the bill but they were all very friendly enough and fixed the issue that I have brought up. Shout out to John and Muhammad who took care of my issue with a smile and they both had very good customer service skills! Our second stay we had to go to a wedding and when I was browsing on the app I saw a great deal for the hotel for a 2 queen bed room. This was booked for one day stay from Saturday through Sunday. This time though the experience was very different. I figured since this is a busy day that being upgraded to a room would be almost impossible but I figured I'd ask anyway. We got to the hotel a little bit early at about 11am so I figured and asked to see if they would let us check in early and we were greeted by this Asian Filipino lady and boy she needs to work on her customer service skills she came off very condescending. When I asked if we could be checked in early her response was an abrupt "do you want to pay the early check-in fee?". I politely said no it's okay since I still need to do some errands and I will come back later. Then I asked her if it's possible to be upgraded to maybe a suite or a bigger room? Her response again was really abrupt and gave me a look and said "you know you're asking to be upgraded to a $500+ room and you only paid this much" which took me aback and I thought to myself isn't that why you ask if it's possible. It's like I'm getting punished for getting a deal and you don't have to be that rude. I don't mind getting turned down specially since it was a busy day but she could have said it a different way. If I was in her place I would have said instead "I do apologize but I would not be able to upgrade you at this time" and that response I would have understood but I felt really insulted from her response. I just responded I understand and came back later at about 3:00 to check in. When I came back at 3:00 I didn't see her at the front desk so I figured I'd try to ask the same question and guess who was at the front desk, John who took care of me last time. So I asked him the same question fully expecting I was going to get turned down which he did since it was really busy that day but his response was night and day compared to the Asian lady I spoke with a few hours earlier. He was very polite and turn me down and said "I am so sorry sir, but at this time we won't be able to upgrade you at the moment and I truly apologize." His answer really turned my bad experience from earlier into a positive one so really props to John for giving a great experience! The next day we tried to eat breakfast there and this time they had the buffet and it was excellent the breakfast items were very good! I will be coming back here again and hopefully this time that it will be a way better experience overall. I will update this again the next time I come back.

Very nice room but tried to bill me and corporate too. Watch them

The staff here is impeccable. Excellent building, well rounded breakfast buffet, and the beds are a dream.

Great room, Excellent service all around and good access to the highway and attractions in the area.  Highly recommend.

Expensive for what it is. Bland corporate minimalist faux luxury decor. No included breakfast. And they make you become a Hilton member just to use WiFi. Cool, more spam in the ole inbox. Even hostels don't make you jump through hoops to get on the Internet. It's kinda embarrassing

I recently stayed at the Hilton Alpharetta, and it was one of the most enjoyable hotel experiences I've ever had. The location is fantastic, with shops, dining, and attractions all just a short drive away, making it incredibly easy to enjoy my stay.

The hotel itself is modern and very open, which adds to the welcoming atmosphere. I particularly appreciated the spacious conference rooms where we held our yearly kickoff. It was a perfect setting for our meetings, allowing for collaboration and productivity.

Overall, I highly recommend the Hilton Alpharetta for both business and leisure travelers. I look forward to returning!

NXTGEN Marketing Group
“Accurate and Honest Reviews since 2011”

The service is great, the building is well maintained and the restaurant has really good food. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because of the noise levels in the hallways and the thin walls that allow you to hear what's going on in another room.

Hotel was great except breakfast in restaurant which serve those nasty powered eggs on a buffet with no option to order off menu with real eggs.  Very disappointed.  Hotel of this caliber serving that crap that i can get in a 2 star hotel.

Nice bar with good drinks. Service is good, breakfast is additional but good. Nice decor and near to our workplace.

Disappointing Experience – Poor Service Despite a Beautiful Hotel

I always make it a point to leave positive reviews on Google to support businesses and establishments, but unfortunately, this hotel completely failed my expectations.

It’s truly disappointing how a hotel this beautiful can have such terrible service. I feel bad for the front desk staff, as they were clearly overwhelmed—only one person working on a Saturday night and just two on a Sunday night. That’s completely unacceptable for a hotel of this caliber.

Tried calling downstairs four times from my hotel room phone—no answer. Then I tried calling twice from my personal phone—same issue. The phone just kept ringing and ringing. It’s shocking that no one was available to assist guests, especially during peak weekend hours.

The executive lounge was another letdown. Snacks were not refilled, and no staff was present to assist. (Photos attached) You’d think that on a weekend, they’d ensure it was fully stocked and staffed, but that wasn’t the case at all.

As a family with a Hilton Diamond Lifetime Member, I expected much better treatment. To make matters worse, the hotel completely failed to honor the complimentary suite upgrade that Diamond members are entitled to. On Saturday night, we were told by reception that we could get the upgrade when booking on Sunday. When we returned on Sunday, the same receptionist denied the upgrade, completely contradicting what was promised the night before. What a way to treat a loyal Diamond Lifetime Member.

Unfortunately, after this experience, I will not be returning to this hotel. Beautiful aesthetics mean nothing if the service is this poor.

Been here a few times and it's great! Nice service, really good breakfast and nice and clean rooms!

Hilton offered excellent amenities, workspace, and easy access to local businesses, ensuring a productive and comfortable stay for my out of town guest.

It was great, went for a wedding.

An amazing hotel, sad I forgot the gentleman‘s name who was working in the evening, he was a great help.

Everything was great.

Extremely nice property that has everything you could need. John on the management team could not have been more pleasant upon our arrival. Impressed with every aspect of this property.

Fantastic Hotel!  Open and clean lobby with great bar and restaurant.   John and Pierre welcomed us and made sure we were attended to and treated well as Diamond status holders.

just stayed the night

Awesome

Great hotel

Excellent and Clean place. This is my repeated visit to this hotel when I travel to Alpharetta. Gym is great as well.

Iconic stay! Thank you!

Absolutely loved my stay, the kitchen manager was very rude though.

Highly recommend this hotel.  Rooms were immaculately kept.  All the staff that I interacted with were friendly and able to help when needed.  I truly enjoyed the executive lounge.  Of the hotels I have stayed at this year, this has been my favorite.  Would definitely come back.  Thank you for a memorable experience.

I almost had a terrible birthday weekend here, because my room wasn’t cleaned fully. However, Mohammad was SO nice and accommodating that they moved me to a new room, gave me some breakfast coupons and even went above and beyond by giving me a late check out. I was so impressed with their urgency to make sure my stay was great. AND IT WAS!! Thanks Mohammad!

Our stay was great and the staff quite accommodating. The breakfast buffet was 10 out of 10 and the executive lounge was great besides the coffee machine that didn't work correctly.

Very nice! We enjoyed our stay!

Great location, good bar, skip the restaurant.

Word manager i ever seen

Muhammad at the front desk was super helpful and friendly.   Beautiful hotel, and great location, but best, their staff is excellent.  Thanks, Mohammed

I travel frequently to Alpharetta for business and am a Hilton Honors member. I have stayed in several Hilton branded hotels over the years. I’m grateful it didn’t work out for me in those hotels because I never would have made it to this one. Not only is it a very nice hotel, but the service I get when I stay is always top tier. I specifically want to recognize Mohamad and John for their continued professionalism and courtesy when I stay there. I absolutely appreciate them for their hospitality. I recommend this location to all. Thank you both for welcoming me into your hotel each time I stay!

Good stay. I do wish the cleaning crew as a little more detailed in the rooms. Rooms are quiet. I remember seeing this hotel being built, it was concrete framed which helps with noise. I will return as I enjoyed my stay overall.

I first wanted to recognize two employees there and that was Kandice and Cameron. Such sweethearts and so genuine. From the moment my family and I stepped foot into the restaurant they were so welcoming and greeted us with a smile. I wanted to take my time to recognize them both and commend them for their hard work. Please take care of them and see that they get a raise. Also, the hotel was beautiful and comfortable however the bathroom was dirty. The toilet was dirty along with finding some hair in the shower and I know for a fact it was not mine because I didn’t even take a shower when I noticed the hair. I was only there for one night so I didn’t make a big fuss about it. Other than that the room was clean and comfy.

Great hotel. A little pricey.

Friendly staff. Conveniently located.

Very nice hotel, staff was super friendly and food was great

Great hotel, and would stay again. Outdoor pool and executive floor for gold members is nice. There is also a Level 2 EV charger on the side of the hotel as well.

Beautiful hotel. Room is modern.

Overall pleasant stay. Staff was friendly, room was clean, and the location is very convenient.

This place is awesome. Seen a lot of business people here. John the manager is super nice. Smiling face as you walk in. Always asking to be a help. Will definitely stay here again because of him ! Thank you for being so awesome !

The room refrigerator was not cleaned out
Bartender was the waitress from the restaurant and didn't know how to make drinks.  Front desk staff needs to be crossed train instead of just standing in one place and not lending co-workers a helping hand.

Bad breakfast

Great spot very convenient for business and eats.

Great hotel in Alpharetta. A better hotel than the one across the street. Staff is great and rooms are comfortable and the bar staff was amazing making food for the family.

Service was way better than what I thought. Shout out to Vanessa at the executive lounge; she is always on the lookout and very helpful.

BEWARE of your VALUABLES!
I have to write it with a deep sorrow after patiently waiting for the hotel’s response for the matter(never responded) which they said they will investigate.
For our stay early August we were literally robbed of our cash from the suitcase and handbag, our doubt falls for the only people who can access the rooms.
Plus try avoiding rooms on weekends with so called LOUNGE ACCESS as you pay extra but receive nothing as the service is closed.
Harth restaurant service is good, even the ladies in the lounge on weekday’s are also the best!

Staycae.. took a very nice break from the city, and this was the perfect quiet atmosphere I needed.. Hilton diamond member and the perks were great. Check out the lounge on the 8th floor.

If you’re traveling with a pet check your receipt. They will charge you twice due to their ‘system’ happened to me twice in this hotel. Refunded both times. Scam

My family stayed at this location and had a great experience. The property is nice, clean, and in a convenient location. We happened to get connecting rooms, which worked out nicely. I'd stay at this property again and recommend it to travelers in the area!

I came to celebrate my birthday at the Hilton 5775 windward parkway Alpharetta Ga on 7/6/2024 afternoon. Front desk was amazing, they were polite, inviting and very welcoming. I will definitely return. We got a treat for our breakfast birthday celebration 🥳. The hotel so clean, pool and room so clean and dreamy. I will definitely return. They are dog friendly and my dog was treated so special. Beverly cleaned our room and it was so organized. She is amazing 10/10. 100% recommended.
Breakfast buffet worthy. Jonny our hostess was awesome 👏

My husband and I checked in on July 1st and we were beyond dazzled with the way the hotel looked when you walked in and mind you guys we came here for our wedding anniversary which is today the room does not get cold at all we called for the engineer on the first night and they took forever coming to the room so my husband called back downstairs and told them that no one ever showed up and then told them never mind that I was going to bed we came all the way from Va drove seven plus hours this room has been nothing but hot but Pierre one of the don’t desk workers he was absolutely nice and sweet to my husband and I and Paul one of the workers in the restaurant/bar area he is also very kind I would highly recommend having him as a waiter he goes above and beyond to serve his guests but as a travel agent I would not recommend staying at this hotel whatsoever my husband works at a Hilton and I’ve never experienced this from the other Hilton’s that I’ve been too and the fact they gave us a a fan is just sad these rooms she have air the whole lower 700s in the hotel has no air for this to be a two year old hotel it has it flaws and the fact that they didn’t adjust our bill was highly unacceptable

We stayed at the Hilton Alpharetta for my sons wedding and had an excellent experience. We worked with DeAmbra and she was wonderful in helping us get rooms for all of the different family members who had different wishes and needs. The front desk staff was extremely helpful in answering all of our questions and being sure that different family members were roomed near each other. The hotel was very clean and beautiful. There was a great pool with an area where our family could hang out together and the breakfast at the on-site restaurant was absolutely delicious!

Beautiful hotel! I appreciated the overall quiet during my stay. I docked stars bc I did experience too many annoyances that caused me unnecessary frustration multiple times during my 2-day stay. I felt stuck knowing the hotel staff couldn't ultimately do much do to them being sold out.

The following issues occurred during my 2-day stay. The hotel didn't seem well staffed or prepared on more than one occasion. Still, everyone was very polite that I encountered.

When I arrived for check- in a little after 8pm, the front desk was being manned by only one gentleman. What on earth?! This caused a poor check in experience for me and others in line ahead and behind me. At one point there were at least 5 individuals waiting so I'm talking +15 minutes before you give your name to check in - NOT a great first impression.

Since I knew the hotel was full I didn't want to even bother calling down to the front desk for the service issues encountered.

Upon arrival, there were at least 3 flying insects in my room. They were smaller than a housefly. Not only was this a little gross but just very annoying bc I was having to swat them away in bed and in the bathroom. Seriously though, the hotel place was full so I knew I couldn't just ask for another room. I thought, oh well.

My room safe didn't work at all. I didn't discover this until midnight. It sounded a very annoying constant beeping error alarm for a FULL 20 minutes before it eventually stopped. I muffled the sound with the TV and just hoped it would eventually stop. I didn't want to deal with getting back up to call for assistance and then get dressed again to be appropriate for a maintenance worker.

The housekeeping team took away the bath mat and didn't replace it. The
shower cap and water  bottles were not replaced. I could have sworn other toiletry items were usually provided but it was just the one hand soap bar and the shower cap. Lotion, shampoo, conditioner and body wash are mounted but no cotton pads etc for makeup removal.

I received no fresh glasswear on day 2 and had to hand-wash for reuse.

No stationary pad or pen in room.

The next morning I pulled open the drapes and the wand and unfastened bolt just popped right off.

Nearly half of the hot breakfast trays were empty upon my arrival. They were filled moments later but it was another poor experience. The paper menu was tattered and covered in coffee and food stains. My server was attentive but I felt unnecessary since I was doing self-service bar which I found to be way overpriced for what was offered.

The trash needed to be taken out in the ice room. Speaking of trash, it was all over the place outside, like to a noticeable degree.

Gorgeous hotel. Bit of a weird check in experience, just felt a little choppy. They told us room 306 but the key didn’t work, however it did work for 308. We went into that room and I called to let them know about the discrepancy, so that their records were correct and they just seemed really confused…it was odd.

The room was decent. Bed was comfortable but the AC was pretty loud. Overall, cannot complain for the price. I would stay here again

What’s stunning hotel!! Stayed here 9 nights and I have to say they were amazing! The hotel is amazing, clean, and stunning! The views are impeccable and the staff were brilliant. A special thank you nirmal, Mac and Richard for being great hosts they made the stay much more memorable! High recommend this hotel

Very nice hotel and well located. Only recommendation get more electric car chargers. Its 2024! Still recommend.

Big fat cockroach on the door the morning after sleeping there So Not only was I grossed out but I was super mad that are food from Cabernet had been left out and wasted because I would not eat it after not being able to get the thought of the Cockroach being in my food. We had to shake out all of our clothing and check our bags to make sure that we weren't taking any of them with us. I was even more surprised the way that management handled it they offered us a $50 discount on the pet fee and that's it... very sad since normally Hilton is my go-to when I'm on vacation.  Do not recommend. I have available pictures and video I wish I could post

The service we received on 04/06 was exceptional.

The lobby is welcoming and grand. Had great service and experience. Located at convenient and easily accessible location from freeway

I recently visited the Hilton Alpharetta Atlanta hotel and was blown away by the exceptional service and accommodations. From the moment I arrived, the staff went above and beyond to make me feel welcome. Pierre, was particularly impressive - his attention to detail and warm demeanor made me feel very welcome.
I was looking for a room for my bridal suite and Pierre showed me what was available on the dates I asked about. The rooms were all spotless and beautifully designed with modern amenities. The cleanliness of the hotel was evident throughout, from the sparkling lobby to the immaculate hallways.
I also met Alex, the manager. He was very kind and efficient in finding exactly what I needed.
Love this team!!!!!!
I was thoroughly impressed with the Hilton Alpharetta and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a luxurious and comfortable stay. Pierre and the entire staff deserve a special mention for their exceptional service and hospitality. Five stars, hands down!

I pass this hotel everyday on my way to work.  It is new and looks beautiful.  I’ve stayed many times across the street at a competitor resort.

Recently stayed for the first time and was overwhelmingly disappointed.   I did book through a third party site and did so as they often add extra services such as bar and resort credit, breakfast, etc.  I have been reserving through booking for years and have always been pleased with the service.  Lesson learned with this resort.

I paid additional money for this room as it offered early and late check-in and out.  I also had a 50$ resort credit.

When I arrived the front desk had no record of the resort credit.  So I basically paid 100$ extra for a room with services that were not available.  I was afraid to order room services and take advantage of the credit since there was no record of it.  The front desk person advised to go ahead and charge 100$ (59 per day) at the bar or room service and hopefully the front desk can take care of it the next day.

I did go to the bar and charged two drinks to my room.  The next day the front desk also was not aware of this incentive.  It was not documented on their end.  He kindly did take off the bar charges from my incidentals.

Now, I could have let that go since the fees were credited.  However, my room (which I paid extra for by 100$ for the upgrades) overlooked the roof of the lower level.  It was definitely not an upgraded room.  Then, I go to the shower and there is a clump of women’s heat on the wall of the shower.  As well as used medication packaging on the floor.

As I was only staying one night I made no complaints about the room.  I  just disappointed overall in my experience.  Had very high hopes of this place.  It certainly did not feel like a luxury resort.

Als Hilton Diamond Member reisen wir aktuell in viele Hilton Hotels durch Florida.

Hier unsere Meinung:

- außen und innen sauber und modern
- wohl noch nicht alt
- extrem nette Service Kräfte am Empfang
- die Dame, die in der Executive Lounge essen und Getränke bereitstellt ist ein Traum - haltet an ihr fest - extrem guter Service
- allerdings - die beiden Bedienungen im Frühstücksbereich nicht in dieser Art zuvorkommend:

Bei uns wurde zweimal Frühstück Buffet mit Eierspeise gebucht - ohne uns zu fragen - bei mir wurde die Omelett Station eingebucht, obwohl ich nur einen Toast wollte.

Ich habe die Speisekarte gelesen, da stand 15 Dollar für Buffet. Es wurden glaub ich 18 Dollar belastet pro Person.

Der Parkplatz war kostenlos.

Die Lage hat mir nicht gefallen - neben einem Baugebiet und abseits von Cafés und Shopping.

It's a very modern hotel. Everything was immaculate and quiet. The location was perfect, with lots of excellent restaurants around.

Attended a Baby Shower.

Have had an incredible time with Hilton Alpharetta. Nirmal was incredibly kind and responsive to needs at the bar. Highly request visiting him even if you aren’t staying! He also had many recommendations for where we should visit close by.

I recently discovered the Hilton bar after work and the bartenders are exceptional! Gerardo and Nirmal are incredibly knowledgeable. Highly recommend. Also the burger is phenomenal.

Charging 5 dollars for a mini bag of chips, why do you hate your customers so much?

I liked it. Close to my apartment, good spot for visitors from up north. Nice hidden place amongst trees 🌳

We stayed here for a wedding, and the hotel was fully booked for multiple similar events. The hotel itself was lovely, but the service and staff were disappointing.

Nearly every room was out of hand soap, including the bridal suite. When it was delivered to our room (24 hrs later), the staff member literally let themselves into our room to drop it off. Thank goodness we had just finished showering and getting dressed.

We had free breakfast under the room block we booked in, and enjoyed that on our first morning. However, they decided to charge us and several other guest on the second morning because of some obscure, fine-print reservation detail. Never mind, the amount of money that the couple had already paid to this hotel to host their event there, this incident caused stress to the bride who was assured all of her guests would be receiving free breakfast.

On our final night, we were kicked out of the dining area (which was empty) for eating our delivery food. Forgive us for wanting to eat at a table, I guess?

Additionally, it seemed like none of the staff were communicating with each other. The information received from employees was never consistent and no one could give us straightforward answers.

We were definitely not a fan of this experience, so these are just a few things to keep in mind when booking.

Great place, our wedding party stayed here and it was awesome.

Dear DoubleTree Hotel Manager,

I hope you are doing well. I’m sorry to share a negative experience, but I felt it was important to bring this to your attention.

My wife and I visited your hotel on May 1, 2026 while our children were participating in a chess tournament at the property. We were waiting in the lounge area during that time. There was also a private event taking place, and at one point, the host of that event kindly approached us and offered dinner, which we truly appreciated, though we did not accept.

While waiting, I took an empty glass and was simply looking for water in the lounge area. During this time, I saw two of the women staff members (wearing a DoubleTree T-shirt and assisting with event cleanup) spoke to me in a rude tone, stating that the food and drinks were only for the private event. I completely understand and respect that. However, I had not taken any food or drinks and was only trying to find water. Also I didn’t understand why she was so rude when the host of the actual event was actually very polite.

When I explained her that I’m looking for water,  she directed me elsewhere in a manner that felt unnecessarily harsh. This interaction was disappointing, especially as a guest of the hotel. I believe that communication could have been handled more politely.

While we otherwise enjoyed the ambiance of your hotel, this experience left a negative impression. I hope this feedback can be used constructively to ensure a more welcoming and respectful experience for future guests.

Thank you for your time and understanding.

2nd stay here and was not offered a cookie each time. The guests who checked in right after me did....

Great Roswell hotel situated atop a hill conveniently located.  Breakfast bar was excellent with plenty of options and surprisingly fresh cut fruit.  They have a lounge and restaurant for a relaxing evening and ambiance if you do not feel like going out.  Staff in all areas was over the top.

Overall experience at this DoubleTree location was superb.

The restaurant on site is a joke. No cold drinks at the bar, every drink us over ice. Even the soda and juices. The waitress/host was terrible, never again...

WiFi doesn’t work and continuously disconnects until you pay for WiFi. Hotel breakfast is $24 for your standard hotel buffet food. Don’t ask much but I should be able to connect to the internet at a hotel without them shaking out the Pennie’s

Great location & parking. |When we arrived Ericka Burns checked us in. We received hot cookies & water. |We enjoyed our stay for the evening. Our room was clean, modern & cozy. |As we checked out the next morning… Ericka checked us out & apologized for the alarms around 3am. But we never heard any alarms. We are thankful it was a false alarm but this is concerning. Hoping all alarms are tested for the future!!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

It was very nice and clean. Slept very well.

I want to give a special mention to Ericka, who truly made our stay a great one. We had a small issue with our room on arrival, but she immediately reassured us and had everything sorted efficiently by the next day, which we really appreciated.

Overall, the hotel was very good — clean, comfortable, and well-maintained — and the staff were friendly and welcoming throughout our stay.

Ericka was especially kind, helpful, and professional. She went out of her way to make us feel comfortable and at ease, and it genuinely felt like a home away from home. Anytime we needed anything, she was always ready to assist with a warm and positive attitude.

Because of Ericka (and the great experience overall), I would absolutely return to this hotel whenever I’m back in Atlanta, whether with family or friends, and I would happily recommend it to others. She is a real asset to the hotel.

I want to give a special mention to Ericka, who truly made our stay a great one. We had a small issue with our room on arrival, but she immediately reassured us and had everything sorted efficiently by the next day, which we really appreciated.||Overall, the hotel was very good — clean, comfortable, and well-maintained — and the staff were friendly and welcoming throughout our stay.||Ericka was especially kind, helpful, and professional. She went out of her way to make us feel comfortable and at ease, and it genuinely felt like a home away from home. Anytime we needed anything, she was always ready to assist with a warm and positive attitude.||Because of Ericka (and the great experience overall), I would absolutely return to this hotel whenever I’m back in Atlanta, whether with family or friends, and I would happily recommend it to others. She is a real asset to the hotel.

Adrien is the most professional helpful human being I have met in customer service he go out of his way to make sure your needs are met his smile is infectious he could manage this building front and back my team|Had talked about his stewardship and generosity I expect for him to be in a higher position when we return next year for our yearly summit. You definitely has hired a great asset to your company.

Adrien P was helpful when I lost my room keys and immediately replaced them. Great job 👍

Very nice room. Staff polite and and accommodating.  Great location in Roswell.

We had high hopes because Hilton is usually very good, however this experience was subpar. First thing when we get to our room is notice that it is not clean: Chick fil a trash on the floor, dirty towels in the shower, trash still in the bins. The front desk worker, Adrien, immediately moved us to a new room. Later, we asked if a fridge could be brought to our room so we could store our leftovers. Adrien said he would put in the request to maintenance. Couple of hours later, still no fridge. We called back the front desk and he said he had put in the request and thought maintenance would have brought it already. He redid the request and still no fridge came. We called again an hour later and Adrien said he didn’t know why maintenance wasn’t responding and if it wasn’t brought by 11 then that would be it since the maintenance person got off at 11. No fridge was ever brought and our leftovers were wasted. This was highly highly disappointing. ||This hotel gets one star because, besides the first room, it was very clean. The second star is for Adrien as he was very nice and helpful all night. ||We will not be back.

Staff was wonderful! Ericka Burns was especially helpful!

The rooms are very nice and super clean. The staff is nice too. Be sure to read and comprehend when booking to make sure you understand the charges. I didn’t read but it’s okay! The hotel is worth it.

Great stay again at the Roswell Doubletree!  Thank you to Adrian at the desk for being so lovely and responsive to my requests!

I recommend dont EVER stay at Double Tree in Roswell, Ga location. 1) Service was a 4/10. 2) Key fobs dont work. 3) On the coldest day, heating system on 7th floor didnt work. Had to change rooms several times. 4) Buffet food was luke warm at best.

Great hotel. Staff was great. Rooms were clean. Will definitely be back. Front Desk Ericka Burns was awesome and very helpful.

Extremely disappointed with our stay here. Upon arrival there was not an employee at the desk for 5 minutes. When we reached our room, the sheets were stained inappropriately and we had to call for new ones. We went to this hotel because we thought we could trust the quality. But we were clearly mistaken.

Both elevator broke down and hotel is tired.

Erica is simply the best !

I would like to recognize Ericka Burns for her outstanding professionalism during a major service disruption. Around 10:00 PM, all hotel key cards stopped working, and Ericka was the only associate on duty. She manually assisted every affected guest with calm efficiency and genuine care.||||Despite the pressure and volume of guests, Ericka remained organized, patient, and communicative, ensuring a smooth and positive guest experience. Her problem-solving skills and composure went well beyond expectations.||||Ericka exemplifies the service standards and values of DoubleTree. Her performance deserves formal recognition and strong consideration during performance and compensation reviews.

I spent 6 nights here. The breakfast time food and beverage staff are either 0% or 75%. They either check in on you or they completely snub you. Every day we have lady bugs in our bathroom crawling all over towels and on the floor. Front desk staff is friendly for the most part, however, I did overhear a very unprofessional response to a friendly guest on our last evening there. (My wife heard it too and she spent 8 years with Hilton as a sales director) Evening dining experience is also pleasant. Location is a bit weird since you're inside a neighborhood with lots of traffic. Ice machine doesn't work on the 3rd floor, gotta go down to the 2nd floor for ice.
All in all, a good QC audit would be fitting.

THE BEST EVER 👌
GOD ✝️ ESS LOVE💋
BEAUTIFUL FAMILY 🎊
BE BACK HOME 🏡
#EMPOWER DREAM TEAM 888👑
# DOKTUR LOVE💚 🦄
MA$COT MILLI ONAIRE💙 ♾️

I had to write the review based completely on my experience.  I never had the opportunity to stay there.  My reservation was canceled randomly, and then I was told there were no rooms available.  I was hung up 3 times prior to actually being able to speak with someone; only to be told oh well.  So now I am coming into town with nowhere to stay on a holiday weekend.

Great rooms well furnished but didn't have a refrigerator or a microwave in the room. Would have been nice for the bathroom door to swing into the room rather than into the bathroom as it was rather cramped.

Absolutely amazing place to stay and even more amazing staff!

No mini fridge, otherwise excellent room. Love the cookies!

Kenny is amazing great energy nice person  very on top of it

If I could give this hotel negative stars I would. I booked this hotel months ago as it was the host hotel for my graduation ceremony. On Thursday, December 11 I received an email where I could check in to the hotel and select my room. This would have allowed me to come directly to the hotel and go directly to my room. Upon arrival that was not the case and I had to go to the front desk. The front desk had two stations however only one front desk clerk was working. I arrived at 4:30 PM and the line was almost out the door. I did not understand why I had to check in at the front desk, but I waited my turn and so. I was charged for the entire stay upfront. I checked into my room, proceeded to pre-graduation activities downstairs in one of the ballrooms. Here’s the only favorable part of staying at this hotel. The food was absolutely delicious that they served. I returned to my room just about 10 PM. The only room is available when I was able to do a pre-check in were adjoining rooms however it did not state that when I was checking in online. About 1 AM the adjoining room came in and that’s when I realized the walls in this hotel are paper thin. Their voices carried. So it woke me up out of my sleep. Moments later, the couple begin to do things that couples do. And they were very very loud. This went on for over an hour. When they finally finished the next thing I heard was someone else staying at the hotel banging on someone’s door yelling their name. Eventually hotel staff came up because others also complained about the banging on the door. It was after 4 AM before I was able to go back to sleep. I woke up. I got ready for my graduation and upon going downstairs to seek help from a manager I was informed by the front desk clerk that there was not a manager on property and that a manager would not be on property until Monday. So there was no way for me to rectify the situation before checking out. I provided my name email address phone number in the room I stayed in. I also obtained the business card of the manager and I will be sending them an email about this situation. In my opinion, Hilton is a hotel that thrives in excellence. What I experienced was not excellence. It reminded me of a motel on the side of the road with roaches. This is not what I am accustomed to as a Hilton Honors member and I hope this can be rectified.

I am providing an update to this review. I reached out to the corporate office for Hilton with no success in helping me rectify the situation. There is a response from the hotel to give them a call. I have tried numerous times to call the mailbox for the manager is full. I am going to chalk this up to a lesson learned and go back to booking Airbnb properties where I do not have to deal with this. If you read this review, be very mindful again that walls are very thin at this hotel.

My family and I stayed here 3 nights in 2 king size corner rooms and were in town for a family wedding.  One of the rooms had no heat, (December 3rd arrival) and it was very cold in the room, informed the front desk and given 2 blankets.  Maintenance was never informed about the issue by the front desk from the night before and the next day my daughter in law noticed a maintenance person on their floor and he checked it and said the part had to be ordered for the heater and they shouldn't have rented out that room.  They had to be moved to another room the maintenance person arranged for them.  Very disappointed in the service we received and conveyed this in  a text I received from Hilton asking about our stay.  I received an apology and was told the manager and chief engineer were informed.  I never heard back after that from anyone. Our group staying at this hotel for the wedding was large, and many other guests in other rooms were having many issues as well.

We are Hilton members and have stayed in locations throughout the country. This one was somewhat disappointing. We were attending a wedding and at check-in were not given a room in the block with other guests (and were not given a welcome bag that the bride had left with the front desk for guests). Overall, this was the first Hilton we've found that didn't provide complimentary bottled water in the rooms ($5 uncharge per bottle) and no lobby coffee in the morning - only $7.50 coffees in the restaurant. All that said, the location was ideal - easy access off the interstate and convenient to the wedding venue. The room was clean and comfortable (with daily housekeeping).

Go Elsewhere!

Stayed here for a business trip. Nice, clean hotel and friendly staff. Front desk clerk, Ericka, went above and beyond, with a welcoming personality, which was really appreciated.

The room and the hotel facilities were great.
The bathroom was a bit old, but not a real issue.
The real problem was the staff. The front-desk lady was extremely unwelcoming—no hello, no smile, no help. It was one of the most uninviting experiences I've had at a hotel. The attitude was the same with other staff members as well.
A hotel can be nice, but without proper customer service, the whole experience suffers, and unfortunately that was the case here.

Turbulent in the beginning due to the Hilton Rewards from my wife's account overtaking my reservation, but otherwise a great experience.  The room was spacious and completely accommodating.  The staff was helpful and very pleasant, and the restaurant was delicious!

We were in Roswell for a long weekend wedding celebration with a large group of family and friends. Upon arriving at the hotel, we knew it was going to be a great experience.  Ericka was at the front desk, and made the check in process so easy, and even gave us some warm cookies.  She is simply the best!!!!!!!!  Our room was clean and the bed was so comfortable.   Whenever we needed anything from extra towels to toiletries, Ericka and the rest of the staff went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable.   Our group we even able to provide Ericka with some flowers for the front desk when we returned from wedding.  A bonus surprise was a personal short video from her that our friends took when they checked out and sent to us.  If there is one thing to note, some of the ice machines on several of the floors were not working, but the bar attendants on the first floor were more than happy to fill our ice bucket.  We will definitely stay here again when we visit the area in the future.  There is so much history and many fun places to visit in the city.  Make sure to visit some of the fantastic restaurants on Canton Street.

The staff was pleasant and the rooms were nice. The bathrooms did need to be serviced.

Impossible to connect with front desk they don’t answer their phones I am a diamond member never has this happened

Clean, nice rooms well located for the event we were attending. Ericka was a front desk employee who went above and beyond to make our stay great. She was so friendly and knowledgeable.

My stay at the Hilton was absolutely wonderful, but what truly made it unforgettable was Erica. From the moment I arrived, she went above and beyond to make me feel welcome and taken care of. You can tell she genuinely cares about guests — her warmth, attention to detail, and professionalism are unmatched.

Whether it was helping with local recommendations, making sure my room was perfect, or just greeting me with a smile every morning, Erica turned a great hotel experience into an exceptional one. The Hilton is lucky to have her — she’s truly the heart of this place!

If you’re planning to stay here, do yourself a favor and find Erica. She’s hands down the best person ever and the reason I’ll be coming back again.

The staff here is amazing. Food at the restaurant/bar is good also. The cost of food and drinks are extremely expensive.

We had a great stay with our kids! The rooms were nice with comfy beds. Erica was so helpful and sweet with the kids. Will definitely stay there again!

Great location! Staff was excellent. Very welcoming! Would stay here again on a future visit. Rooms were spacious. Hotel has been updated. Crabtree and Evelyn products.

Enjoyed the stay. Room was clean and bed comfortable. Digital key did not work, no fridge in room, and bathroom is tiny. Door opens inwards and hits toilet.

We originally booked at another hotel but decided against it when we pulled in. I suggested the Doubletree, honestly for the cookies.

Ericka greeted us as we came in and immediately assisted us and made sure we were taken care of.

We enjoyed dinner and drinks at the bar last night.

Breakfast was a bummer. We spent $40 for extremely poor quality food. I was excited until we opened our boxes.

Great hotel and staff, just skip the food or uber eats!

Hotel has alot of options around the area for restaurant choices and fairly accessible to the highway. Pretty large cracks on the bathroom vanity, room was clean, and the doors do have digital card service.  Staff wasn't rude but they seemed pretty indifferent. I tried to have breakfast there and no one was around seating people or taking orders, I waited 15 minutes and then left and went to a diner nearby

Rooms clean but small. In room desk vanity didnt have electricity.   Had to pull it away from the wall to get to outlett. Bathroom tiny. Toilet barel flushed. Shower: literally had to turn sideways due to the squirt bottles on the sidewall instead of the end.  Came for a wedding on the first day of football season. ESPN in the room doesn't work. Bar with TVs doesn't open until 5. Staff doesn't care.  Oh, there is no free breakfast, it’s high dollar.  Would not recommend at price point.

I’m totally surprised this hotel is part of Hilton chain. I have stayed in many Hilton hotels throughout United States and have never had such a bad experience like this run down hotel.

Broken lighting fixtures at elevators. Shower leaking water, sink won’t drain, ice machine didn’t work. Closet has no space for hanging clothes. Being charged high extra for breakfast buffet which serves cold food. Won’t let us cancel the unused breakfast….

I recently had an amazing stay at the DoubleTree Hotel in Roswell, Georgia, and I can't recommend it enough! From the moment I arrived, the hospitality was top-notch. Meghan, the bartender, went above and beyond to make me feel welcome with her friendly demeanor and expert drink recommendations.

The service didn't stop there—Patty and Selina, the waitresses, were equally impressive. They were attentive, friendly, and made dining a delightful experience. Their warmth and professionalism truly enhanced my stay.

Everything about my time at the hotel was awesome, from the comfortable accommodations to the exceptional service. If you find yourself in Roswell, this is definitely the place to stay! Five stars all the way!

Nyla who works the front desk at the Doubletree Hotel in Roswell, GA was amazing! She was kind, accommodating and professional! Nyla provided excellent customer service! Kudos to Nyla!

Very cute but AC DOES NOT WORK at all, it's hot everywhere, also DONT expect to get your refundable security deposit back, they said they will send it back and then to call your bank. However they will not be sending it back, spoke to my bank many times and they confirmed nothing is being posted and its been past the 7-10 business days.

Your employee snoring asleep, get him some medical treatment it was 6pm.  As an alarm is going off wasn’t a great sign. Also hot air pumping into hallways.
I was checked into hotel and still didn’t get digital key.
Service was suck.

Room 402 smelled like pot and the front desk admitted the people before us were charged an extra cleaning fee.  Room did not have soap upon arrival.  The shower door did not close and AC would not get the room cool enough to sleep.  Others we were with had this same problem with their rooms  We were there for a baseball tournament and came in a day early on another reservation.  Rather than let us stay in the same room, we had to move all our things out and wait for the other room to be ready causing a major inconvenience.  Holiday Inn and Marriot's never had us do this.  Always thought Hilton was the gold plated brand for hotels, not so in this experience.

It was ok

Food was good, but one of two
elevators was broken, toilets were extra low, must have been designed to accommodate dwarfs. No microwave and no refrigerator la available for the expensive room fees!

I really enjoyed my stay earlier this month at this Double Tree!! My room was nice and spacious and it was cleaned every day. The location was beautiful and only about a 30 minute drive from Atlanta. Also the service was amazing thanks to Nyla who works the front desk. She was extremely charismatic and hospitable. My room didn’t come with a fridge and I needed to preserve my leftovers and she sent a mini-fridge to my room almost immediately!! She constantly checked up on me throughout my visit and was very conversational. She made my stay 10x better and I will definitely be coming back!!!

I did not stay here but I was in a ballroom where one of my plumbing classes is held. The staff were nice and gave me a free coffee

This is a nice hotel, but the lady at the front desk name Ericca Burns, REALLY accelerated my most joyful stay. This lady took care of my every needs and went WELL above her job to ensure my wife and I stay was very relaxing. Checked in on us every day to make sure things were good. Can’t just say enough of her…VERY, VERY nice and pleasant attitude!!! Mrs Ericca Burns, we thank you and appreciate you!!!

The staff at the front desk was under staffed on Friday, July 11th around 2:30pm.  One man checking people in with about four waiting in line.  Finally someone came over and started helping him.  The place was pretty full for the weekend and only one elevator working.  We had a corner room on the third floor for two nights.  Room 329.  The cleaning lady did a good job of freshening our room up between nights. Our room was posted as non smoking but it reeked of old smoke.  I bought spray in to try and mask it better.  The grounds are in terrible need of maintenance.  Your first impression of the establishment is the grounds.  The area needed weeding and grass cut. After paying almost $600.00 for two nights since the All Star Game was in town the price was almost double from it's regular rates.  I in no way blame the staff. This is a corporate issue.  Do better Hilton

We had a family funeral to attend in Roswell, GA. Reservations were easy to make. The entire hotel was very clean, smelled really fresh, staff was super friendly to everyone no matter the time of day. Our room was large with a king size bed and very comfortable. Food in the hotel restaurant was delicious.

4 wedding parties at the hotel and they only had one working elevator!

It’s an incredibly dated property that has seen much better days. The AC didn’t cool down, the room smelled musty, etc.

Good value and excellent staff.

This hotel is so beautiful and inviting. The restaurant is amazing and the staff is amazing too. It is worth a visit for sure.

I typically don’t leave negative reviews, but this experience warrants sharing. As Hilton Honors members, my partner and I have stayed at many Hilton locations without issue, but this recent stay was an exception.
We arrived this past weekend for a wedding and called ahead multiple times to confirm an early check-in, as we were arriving early in Georgia. Each time, we were assured that early check-in would be available at no extra charge. Despite receiving confirmation the day before and upon arrival in Atlanta, when we reached the hotel at 10:30 am, we were told our room wasn’t ready. We inquired about other available rooms, but the front desk employee escalated the situation unnecessarily, raising his voice and insisting we return at 4 pm due to the hotel’s wedding bookings. This exchange was uncomfortable and unprofessional.
After waiting for several hours in the lobby, we finally checked in, but the room conditions were far from acceptable. There was no refrigerator, the AC was broken, and the bathroom smelled unpleasant with no ventilation.
Considering the price of the stay, the lack of basic amenities like complimentary breakfast and coffee, and the overall poor service, this was a very disappointing experience.

Excellent Stay During a Stressful Transition – Thanks to Ericka!

We stayed at the DoubleTree in Roswell, GA while our family was in the middle of a move, and it truly was one of the most comforting parts of a chaotic time. I was traveling with my two 8-year-old children, and from the moment we arrived, Ericka went above and beyond to make sure we felt welcome, supported, and well taken care of.

She treated us like more than just guests—she was thoughtful, kind, and truly attentive to our needs. Whether it was checking in on how we were doing or making sure the kids had what they needed, her care made all the difference.

The hotel itself was clean, comfortable, and quiet, which we really appreciated during a transitional week. But it was the warm, personal touch from Ericka that made this stay memorable.

Highly recommend this location, especially if you're traveling with family or going through a life transition. Thank you, Ericka, for turning a stressful week into something special.

We recently stayed at the DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Atlanta – Roswell, GA for a wedding block, and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish. The hotel itself was clean, comfortable, and in a great location, but what truly made the stay exceptional was the incredible staff.

Our group was large (and at times, a little rowdy), but the team went above and beyond to make sure everyone felt welcome and taken care of. A special shoutout to the shuttle service, which was a total game-changer—it ran most of the day and night within a 3-mile radius. We used it for everything: heading downtown for lunch, picking up a few forgotten things at the local CVS, getting to and from the wedding venue, and even late-night returns from town. Each time, the drivers greeted us with patience and grace.

And of course, I can’t forget the warm cookies—a DoubleTree classic! The front desk staff was so kind, especially to my pregnant friend, who was lovingly gifted second helpings throughout the weekend.

Highly recommend for any group event or comfortable stay in the area!

This was a surprisingly good hotel stay for the low price. Staff at front desk was extremely nice (especially Dwayne), rooms were nice and clean, and the location/parking were easy.

Great hotel, clean,  comfortable and welcoming.

This is, hands down, the worst Hilton property I have ever stayed at. Front desk service was horrible and incompetent. The rooms and property itself are disgusting. Our suite and hallway reeked of smoke, our bathroom still had garbage in it when we checked in, the fridge didn't work, one elevator was down and the other only worked intermittently, the light in the pool was detached and floating around by the cord, the list goes on. At one point, the fire alarm went off, and after the building was evacuated and the fire department came, they mentioned that this happens weekly here, and it doesn't get fixed.

Great

Positive: Location Negative: A little worn on places.

Great location very close to the heart of old downtown historic Roswell

Positive: Comfort Negative: Ice machine not working

Great experience overall; hotel service was excellent but took away one star for the server at the restaurant who verged on rude. Same for rooms, docking for the ice machine not working on my floor and the elevator being super slow.

Felt at home away from home. The staff was very courteous,friendly and helpful. Checking in to make sure everything was good 😊

Great hotel. Clean. Nicely appointed. Pleasant staff.  Nice having restaurant and bar, plus convenient type store with options for coffee, tea, snacks etc.

If I could rate it 0 I would! Very expensive, no working elevators, you have to pay for breakfast, one employee tells you something then here comes another telling you the complete opposite. Very useless staff, no one is available to help you. They tell you to call back at a certain time, once you call back you’re being told something different. The room doesn’t come with a fridge or microwave , & the toilet doesn’t even flush! I wish I could get all of my money back… then want to charge you $2 dollars for an old room temperature water bottle.

The experience over all was Pleasant and welcoming. However the issue with the elavator is somewhat anoying.

They pretend they are a fancy hotel, but it's not. Elevators don't work, location is not great, rooms don't come with fridge or microwave. Breakfast is the same quality as what would be free at another hotel, but it's overpriced.

We paid nearly $200 to stay here this week and were surprised they don't even offer complimentary coffee. There was a machine (we all know how terrible machine coffee is) in the lobby that provided a small cup of coffee but a sign next to it said pay $5 at front desk! Are you kidding me!!! One other concern was the front desk service. The gentleman seemed bothered when I asked him to please look up my rewards account balance. He said he could not do that! Really? We were checked in and he had all of my account info but can't look up my balance! Will not stay here again.

This is the only hotel in the area and they take advantage by nickel and diming you to death. They charged me $10 a night to park your car in a parking lot that was clearly posted that they weren’t responsible for any issues. Since there were no other businesses with adjacent parking lots in the area, I found this cost to be unnecessary. Usually when you’re paying $160+ for a basic room per night, you get a continental breakfast at least. The only option was to be seated by someone in their dining area. I checked out and my wife went over for a cup of coffee to go that she prepared herself. My credit card had an additional charge for $4 and some change added later for this. Won’t be staying here anymore and please don’t respond by asking me to get with Hilton. This is the local owners way to take advantage of the area.

Hilton is Always excellent! A Hilton Honors member also has its perks for a better stay 😉

I’ve stayed here several times and have had several events here an over the years as well. I love the staff and the accommodations along with the event spaces. It’s a great value and the accommodations are wonderful for both business and personal stays.

This one must be a problem child in the brand. It's clearly been around a while and has had a facelift recently--but a really bad one. Unnecessarily large common spaces with hard surfaces and extremely bright bare bulb eye burners everywhere. Loud and echo-y, no place to sit and relax comfortably in the lobby while waiting for other parties. Did I mention bare bulb LED fixtures meant to be accents being used for general lighting? Literally have to avert your gaze down the hall while walking to your room they are so incredibly bright. Rooms are refreshed but also suffer from some of these ultra bright light sources although in table lamp form. HVAC was so noisy for our room we had to move to another. The room we moved into had a shower that didn't work--literally broken mechanism that engages water to the shower head. A towel I used must have been used to clean up broken glass at some point as I cut myself just trying to dry off. Long review short-- Maybe not this one. And so you're prepared for insult to injury: self parking charges additional $10/night for the privilege of staying at the property. Not a parking garage downtown--an asphalt lot on site. And what should be complimentary waters in the rooms: $2ea. Coffee in the morning downstairs? Nope. Unless you want the $25 breakfast buffet. Every opportunity to provide a great guest experience was a complete fail here. Sad but true. Do better.

The rooms were comfortable and clean, and the staff were great. The location is near several wedding venues, and several restaurants are nearby.

**We called, and they took care of the room rate, so all is well.

**When we received our Folio for the two rooms, there were 4 errors, from the room amount to the breakfast charges.  We called from the airport but we were told that the problem could not be taken care of on the weekend.  As Lifetime Diamond members we are very disappointed.   I hope on Monday this can easily get solved.  If so, I will update.

Our room seemed so small and a bit dated for a Doubletree, but the beds were super comfortable per usual Hilton standards!  The lady who checked us in was extremely friendly and helpful.  The hostess helping with breakfast was great.  I noticed an effort to include the special needs community, which was so nice.  Location wasn't bad, lots of easy restaurants just a short drive away.  It wasn't exactly a walkable area but that wasn't a problem.   All in all a good stay.

Has a restaurant, so the morning buffet was actually good.

Couldn't ask for a better night and help and great employees.

Absolute worse hotel I have stayed in years. I travel at least 2 weeks out of each month for business and this is hands down the worse Hilton property I have ever stayed inn. The rooms are old with no basic amenities in them. You have to beg the front desk for an old musty fridge and microwave. If you are lucky enough to get one, it will be noisy and barely gets cold. The hotel charges for a breakfast buffet that looks sub par to say the least. Go to DD you will get a better breakfast. They also charge for parking, which they don't tell you until you arrive. This hotel has a nickel and dime SCAM the customer business model you see at 2 star hotels. I would expect more out of a Hilton property. I and the other people in my division will not be staying in another Double Tree property anywhere else because of our experiences at this "Hotel".

I was extremely disappointed with my stay at this hotel. They didn’t have any shower gel available, and when I called the front desk, I was simply told they had ‘run out of shower gel.’ To make matters worse, the shower head was broken. The service was terrible, and there was no greeting or acknowledgment of my Diamond Honor status during check-in. Overall, a very poor experience.

Started calling the front desk 3 days before wanting to order breakfast room service the day after a wedding. They told me to call back the day before because room service is not allowed to be scheduled ahead of time. Spoke with the front desk the day of the wedding, they told me to call back the next morning. The MORNING after the wedding, I set my alarm for 6:45 am, called to order breakfast room service and they told me they do not offer room service.

Absolutely unprofessional and unacceptable behavior, the location of this hotel is ALL that is keeping it open. It's falling apart, and the staff is completely useless.

Thanks for ruining my morning after wedding breakfast surprise.
I really appreciate it.

Perfect event space for our graduation ceremony from Good Life Christian University.   We received pur doctorate degree.   One of my favorite places inside was the pool.  Of course, the cookies 🍪 were delicious.

Tesla ev charger broken and not maintained. The hotel lists the charger as one of the amenities, but it isn’t available

waste of time & money, poor couples at lobby who were bringing lots of food may have been disappointed with no friej inside rooms, there was only ice near elevators, elevators buttons seemed ancient, tiny window & rest of the portion was covered with curtain to create illusion of window but it was just the great wall of China ( being covered to hide the secret that there is no window, thats all u got 😖) big time tricksters, please spend ur money elsewhere

The room was large enough for two. Even though we couid of reqestef a refrigerator we we wish one had of been available. Our biggest complaint waa the toilet. Installation of rails or higher toilets need to be considered especially for older people. And for a toiket so low it used a lot of watèr. Whats the point.  Otherwise the staff was aþentive and curteous.

Very nice, everything is classy about it
But the room does not have a mini fridge.
I was surprised that parking was 10.75 I didn't like that

We rented their venue for an event and I have been trying to get in touch with their sales/ event dept for a couple of questions I had for my decorator but no one has been picking up my call in sales for over 4 days in the row and never returned my call after I left several messages.Front desk operator was also very rude.I do not recommend this place. This is by far the worst hotel customer service experience Im having.

Nice location. I travel for work and this location works perfect. With a variety of small businesses around, this location is easily accessible.

Close to our event. Fine room, ample parking.

This place was very nice. The room was clean and comfortable. The service was excellent. I wanted to give this 5 stars but I'm picky about the bathroom. The sink was showing a little age and the arrangement was poor.
I'd still stay here again.

For cheaper price, I thought it would be worse than other hotels, but it is vice versa.
Downside parking is 10 dollars a night.
Had no microwave or mini fridge.

Love it here. The concierge Candice and Trejon are so helpful every time I come. Love the perks of being a Diamond member. King suites are spacious and accommodating.

This hotel is worth every penny!!! The service is impeccable, rooms are wonderful and the location couldn't be better!!!

$10.78 charged to your card for parking even if you aren't registering a vehicle. There are plenty of hotels around the area that won't scam you with surprise charges.

The pool had a ridiculous number of dead insects floating around.

Nice rooms and lobby.

We had a wedding and had about 30 rooms rented and the service was absolutely horrible the security harassed our party nonstop and we weren't being over the top in any way and he was treating us as if we were being way too much and we weren't .... our party consisted of family and we were truly being respectful of the guests and staff it was completely ridiculous to spend so much money and honestly we were most of the patrons in the hotel to b treated this way.... the bar overcharged us and added gratuity to our checks and almost all of us are in hospitality servers bartenders etc so tipping is a must and to b treated this way was not okay... we definitely win not b back to this hotel we came here cause it was so many of us that we wanted to b somewhere that we could all b safe n have a good time and for the amount of money that we brought we weren't.... hopefully the next party isn't treated this way and I will never recommend this place to anyone and will b contacting corporate..... respectfully not a karen but a valuable guest who just wants to be treated with the same respect I give

The young man at the desk, Taejon, was extremely friendly and helpful. I appreciate good customer service! Thank you for a great experience.

Very nice/updated property near downtown Roswell.

My husband and I booked this hotel for a wedding we were going to. I told the agent we would arrive early around 1:30-2pm. Once we arrived CASSETTE was far less than knowledgeable about treating her elders with respect and helping us navigate our Diamond honors app. She rudely replied “that’s not my job to help you call the number”. My husband asked to speck to a manager and she just stood there with a blank face. Never getting the manager and never checked  us in. We ended up leaving and finding another hotel. I will be calling corporate as well as the manager who should’ve come out to help. We will never be at this location again. Looks like things have changed for the worse. This is not how you show customer service and certainly not how you treat seniors. RK

I didn't expect it to be this good, for a 3.5 star hotel. It truly exceeded my expectations! Spotless, with very nice decor, and extremely helpful staff. At first I got a room on the 3rd floor and wasn't thrilled with the views, so I asked for a room change and got an awesome unit on the 6th floor overlooking the trees. Breakfast options/buffet style were great, ladies that work there in the morning are truly the best!
The location is a bit strange, not much around, but I traveled for work so I didn't have enough time to explore anyways.

This Hilton is top notch. Great location, Rooms and staff. Highly recommend

Nice and quiet. Enjoyed chilling by the pool all alone. Good service. Clean room. Comfy bed.

The rooms were neat and it was in the exact location we needed. However the service was really really bad! We got stuck in the elevator with our dogs and tried to ring the alarm in the elevator and calling front desk for help for about an hour before giving up and calling 911! We even had our friend try to call the reception for help and he went via the make a new reservation option- got connected and told the person about us being stuck in the elevator and literally was told by the hotel person about current offers! Like what! We had no one reach out to us after this event to offer any kind of apology from the hotel's side and had to create some case/complaint and then someone reached out and said sorry- here u go, we will make ur stay free. If u do want to stay in the hotel- definitely be careful in the elevators and have ur phone handy.

Needs some maintenance.  Entrance smells like urine. And watch for hidden fees. Complementary water is not complementary for most guests. They charge $7 for parking per night. It was laughable that when they asked if I had a vehicle. How else would you get there?

Elevator inspection expired 5 months ago.

No issues! Bar downstairs.  Everything is extra.

Very nice. Beds are comfy, decor is great and the staff were super friendly!

The room is fine, two stars because instead of offering complimentary coffee like every other hotel I've ever stayed at, they charge $5 a cup. Absolutely ridiculous, don't even have the machine at that point.

The hotel itself was fine and the rooms were as expected. However the front desk and billing was really not good. The check in process was slow and they only checked me into one room when I booked two. Never recognized as HH Member. Then when I checked out they charged me twice for parking (one for each room) even though I only had 1 car. I showed them this right away and they told me nobody was on site that could correct the issue but they will handle it. Fast forward a month later and 3 failed attempts and I still have not received my refund.  I can never get a manager on the phone and front desk can't help even though they say they will. I have now started a case with the Hilton Company to intervene. Hotel is okay but BUYER BEWARE and double check your folio!

I thought it was one of the most boring doubletree to stay at. The ambiance was dull. The conference rooms are OK.

Nice hotel with quality /  clean rooms. My only critique is that it took more than  half an hour to check in. It was late at night. This was due to the fact that I booked with hotel tonight but they said they had not received the booking. I had to call hotel tonight, get them to call them and send an email confirmation. Then it took an additional 20 minutes to check in after they printed out the confirmation. They also mentioned that the guy before me had booked with Expedia and it took an hour for it to show up in the system. I have also never been asked what rate I got on the room and what sort of room I should be given based on that rate. That was unusual.

I am not sure the solution to this issue but it seems unusual that you can book a room and it takes more than half an hour sitting as front desk to get a room key. This is the first time it has happened to me and I have used hotel tonight many times.

NOTICE: DoubleTree Roswell Formal Legal Complaint For Racial Discrimination and Severe Service Failures at DoubleTree by Hilton

To Whom It May Concern,

I am compelled to formally report a disturbing and blatantly discriminatory incident at the DoubleTree by Hilton, which occurred on Saturday, April 13th at approximately 10:00 AM. This complaint outlines multiple violations of the Civil Rights Act, as well as breaches of consumer protection laws, and announces my intention to seek full legal remedies.

Upon my attempted check-in, I was immediately informed by hotel staff that despite numerous prior instances across Hilton properties, the use of debit cards was now inexplicably prohibited. This abrupt policy change forced me to utilize a less preferred payment method, disrupting my arrangements and setting a precedent for the subsequent prejudicial treatment I received.

As a Silver Member of the Hilton Honors program, I am entitled to certain benefits, including the option of late checkout. This privilege was categorically denied without reason, further indicative of the unequal treatment I endured compared to other guests. This denial is particularly egregious as it directly contravenes the loyalty program's terms, to which I have faithfully adhered.

The situation escalated significantly when I, having checked in online due to the initial payment issue, was overtly ignored by the check-in staff. They prioritized other guests who arrived later, a neglect that persisted for over 35 minutes. This act of sidelining not only demonstrates a breakdown in service protocol but also suggests a pattern of discriminatory behavior based on my race.

In an attempt to resolve these issues, I contacted the front desk only to be put on hold by an employee named Candice, who stated, “I’m not going to have time to deal with you because I have other customers in front of me,” before abandoning the call for an unacceptable duration of 45 minutes. This statement, coupled with her failure to return to the call, exemplifies a clear disdain for customer service obligations and possibly reflects racial biases in customer prioritization.

The encounter reached a critical point when I attempted to escalate my concerns to a higher authority by taking a business card for the dual general manager, Oz Cagdas. Candice aggressively attempted to snatch the card from my hand, directing me instead to contact a lesser authority, Mario, thereby obstructing my access to rightful management intervention.

This series of events, recorded on video, captures not only the explicit rudeness and abrasive conduct of the staff but also their concerted efforts to prevent me from reporting this misconduct. The footage will serve as key evidence in forthcoming legal proceedings aimed at addressing these civil rights violations.

Given the gravity of this incident, which compelled me to immediately vacate the premises for my own dignity, I demand a comprehensive investigation by Hilton into this matter, along with immediate corrective action against the employees involved. I am prepared to initiate a lawsuit seeking not only compensatory damages for the direct and indirect costs incurred but also punitive damages to deter such discriminatory practices in the future.

A response is expected within five business days, detailing the steps Hilton will take to rectify this situation. Failure to respond appropriately will result in further legal actions, which may include but are not limited to, seeking judicial enforcement of my rights under applicable anti-discrimination laws.

Nice,clean and safe while reasonably priced.

This location is excellent. I can say it is one of the best Doubletree's in Metro Atlanta area. The service is amazing, Candice was the most ideal representation of a Guest Service Representative and was very friendly. She did an awesome job.
The Restaurant manager was on point and definitely belongs in the hospitality industry! This location has the best breakfast out of all of the Hiltons in the area. Not to mention the scenery and plenty of cool things to do nearby.
This Doubletree is a must from now on when I am in the area!

AC didn't work and was made worse by the exhaust fan in the bathroom doesn't work so there's 100% humidity inside the room.

No free parking, no free breakfast, no free drinking water in the room .  $150 per night not worth it .

Couldn't order food.  Nasty front desk lady.  Rude on the phone.  I let the phone ring to order food for an hour... after awhile I just put it down and let it ring.  It was still ringing an hour later when I checked on it.  This wasn't a busy hotel, either.

Update.  Had to call in an order from a local restaurant.  While waiting, I overhear the receptionist speaking very Ill of me to another receptionist, in front of customers.

So, please come for the 7 dollar a day, unsupervised parking, no microwave or fridge in room and nasty service.

This will be our last Hilton and I won't stopping slamming this Motel 1 until she is fired.

Update #2

We are here for a wedding and most guests are staying here.  My wife's uncle fell in the shower.  There is absolutely no grip in the showers and thanks to the pitiful reply you see below, I'm involving corporate.  This Motel 1 is a nightmare.

The service here was amazing,  all because of Candice at the front desk.  We booked through priceline,  and priceline had falsely labeled the room.  We needed a room with 2 double/queen beds and a pullout, so we paid extra through priceline for a room with that description.

When my husband arrived,  we were informed that this hotel doesn't even have that type of room.  After showing her the descriptive,  Candice sprang into action,  trying to make things right, even though this was not her problem.  She worked with us to ensure that our stay was right.  And she kept that same high level of service from the time we arrived until the time we left,  even locating a cart for us and calling the room to let us know.

The room was clean and comfortable and the entire hotel was well kept and beautiful.  However,  the reason we will return is because of the exceptional service from Candice.

Was surprised that my room didn't have a mini fridge or a closet to hang clothes. Great hotel nonetheless!

First of all my stay was rather relaxing. Our room was rather small and stuffy. The only things that bothered me was when we walked into the building it smelled like something had died in the lobby. Second of all housekeeping started knocking at my room door at 10:30 A.M. Telling me it was time to check out. I also asked her what time was check-out and she clearly said 11. When I was leaving my room I looked at the door and it said check-in was at 3:00 P.M. Check out time was 12:00. I was so upset that I had to leave my room early. What or who can I talk to about getting reimbursed or something for my stay. I stayed in room 420. I need for someone to get in touch with me as soon as possible.

This property has very comfortable rooms and the value fits the price well. Staff is excellent especially at check in.

Good place great location

Trejon is outstanding at the front desk.  The Doubletree at Roswell is a great hotel, but it's really the front desk people, as well as the rest of the staff, that make it stand out.  He is very patient, professional, skillful and helpful. Thank you, Trejon!

We recently stayed at this hotel, and were overall very satisfied. Checking in is a breeze with the Hilton Honors app, and you can message the front desk through the app with any questions or concerns. I think the longest I ever had to wait for a reply was 15 minutes. Candice at the front desk is an absolute rockstar! She is very polite, hardworking, and accommodating. As part of our wedding room block rate, we got complimentary breakfast. The food was average and about what you’d expect for a hotel breakfast. Our server was very friendly. The hotel itself was very pretty, and the room was completely satisfactory. They also offer a great complimentary shuttle on Fridays and Saturdays that can pick you up from the MARTA station. Overall, we have no major complaints and enjoyed our stay.

Warm cookies sold me

Hotel is right off the interstate north Atlanta area. Guest service check in was short unhelpful in adding our honors awards members number to the reservation because my husband was not with me at check in. The guy didn’t seem to really care the food options here are not good, get ready to pay for parking and the convenience food, forgotten items available for purchase are a racket and not a great selection. We are Hilton Rewards members and this is not one we would visit again and typically we always have positive experiences with the Hilton family.

Need small refrigerator for guests medication.   Microwave would have been nice.  Cookies were delicious!

Good

Sorry to see that the bar/restaurant was closed

Very nice

Freshly renovated and an amazing staff!!

The customer service from ALL 3 shifts was remarkable and the beds and pillows are super comfy. I’m giving it a 3 star because my shower didn’t work so I had to shower down the hall until maintenance came( I was already unpacked and didn’t feel like moving) pieces were coming off the circle mirror.. no mini fridge.. no microwave ( but they can bring you a microwave to use ) parking fees every day.. the same breakfast buffet they serve at any other hotel.. they charge you $18 adults and $6 for kids and then of course you have to tip the very nice waitress.. they also didn’t have a waffle maker and wouldn’t let my son bring a cup of fruit to his room. My kids were so excited the pool closed  at 10pm but it’s outside so we couldn’t use it. The wall paper is peeling and the ice machine didn’t work on my floor so we had to go to another floor. I also didn’t receive my points as promised and for whatever reason I didn’t have access to my digital key.

This hotel is super nice! We had great customer service from Jasmine at the front desk when we arrived. She was so friendly and extremely helpful and went above and beyond to ensure we had a great stay!

Easy parking, friendly staff, very clean. Newly remodeled room. Excellent stay! Sad couldn’t stay longer.

First time at a DoubleTree, it was nicer than I expected. Nice comfy bed, clean bathroom, towels, plush pillows, thick & soft comforter.... mmmmmmm.... I had a great time!

They want 200$$$ per night they don’t give a fridge with the room!?!? Get the hell outta here with that. We found an air bnb with 5 bedrooms and 2 fridges for 568$$ for all 3 nights and that included the cleaning fee. So dumb not having a fridge

The rooms are super clean and nice but this location makes you pay for parking . whatever reason I don’t know. The rooms are not cheap but to have to pay for parking is ridiculous no valet parking it’s you self parking that you are paying for at a hotel that’s not even worth paying for! The hotel is not even in the city of Atlanta!!!

The staff was extremely polite and helpful The hotel was clean and well managed I would recommend it to anyone 👍

Excellent job of being the host hotel for Irishfest Atlanta!

Would stay again excellent staff and excellent room service and lots to do here any time of day or night.

Standard hotel, but unnecessarily challenging to get onto (and stay) on the internet

We stayed at Doubletree 10-27 and 10-28. It was our first time staying here and the service was fantastic Candace at the front desk welcomed us with a smile and took ready good care of us. She was so sweet and very helpful with any questions we had for her. Thank you Candace for making our stay there so nice.

Exceptional staff and accommodations. I was very pleased to also see people with pet dogs; I didn’t know the hotel was pet friendly.

Recently renovated hotel, good rooms and service!

Our recent family gathering in Atlanta was amazing. Candice - from Double Tree was the best.  Her customer service skills were remarkable.  She handled disgruntled customers with a smile and maintained her composure.  With that being said, our room at Double Tree by Hilton was a disappointment.  I requested a handicap accessible room with a walk-in shower - we got a room with a step in tub & the hand held shower head did not work. The telephone did not work  There was no microwave nor a refrigerator in the room......WHAT??? The bathroom was not cleaned thoroughly.  We just got fresh towels in a uncleaned bathroom.  As I stated before, Candice was the best during our stay at Double Tree.

The hotel has seen some much-needed renovations since my last visit, which is definitely a positive change. However, I must mention that the water pressure on the 6th floor, at least in my room, was disappointingly low. On a brighter note, the breakfast was quite good, but I would recommend adding some alternative meat choices like chicken and turkey to the menu – they're becoming increasingly popular, and not everyone prefers pork products.

Nicer than I expected, great bar and lounge, rooms are nice too

The staff is top notch and go above and beyond to make your stay enjoyable. The event team is incredible and the event food was amazing. The hotel renovation is just gorgeous. Hilton has definitely redeemed itself through this hotel.

What can I say or how do I say this !!!! DOGS!!!!!!!PETS!!!!! They should not be allowed unless it's for special needs people, not just because you just want your pet along for the trip!!!!!!!

Nestled in the most beautiful location among woods and areas with cabins and bike trails and kayaking, I attended a conference at this hotel and it was so unbelievably well done! The layout was great, providing everything that was needed for the 350+ person event. Breakfast and lunch were provided in one room, theatre style seating in another room complete with slideshow presentations, and a third room for a buffet-style dinner. Every inch of the space was well utilized by vendors. Ample restrooms that were kept very clean - I saw bathroom attendants cleaning the restrooms regularly. I didn't use the pool as I wasn't staying at the hotel, but enjoying lunch for a few minutes by the pool while soaking up some Georgia sun was a bonus since I was traveling from out of state. Well done and thank you, Hilton!

It was chill. No big deal. No free coffee either.  And ran out of water at the front desk.

Candice at the front desk for making us feel welcome and answerung all our questions with a smile on her face. Ann on the breakfast team for ensuring we enjoyed our breakfast by anticipating what we needed.
Housekeeping in general for getting what we requested in a timely fashion. Dewayne and Shawn the shuttle bus drivers who got us where we needed to be on time and educated us on our surroundings. Foot Soldiers like these make DoubleTree and Hilton shine. Owners, please show them your appreciation with bonuses and special company benefits. Without them, there is no me.

Great friendly service by Marilyn at the front desk and Megan at the Hilltop restaurant!

I have been staying here for the past couple months for work and I am on a first name basis with the front desk. Marilyn is wonderful, she made sure I was set up with Hilton Honors and is always super friendly. It’s truly a pleasure checking in / out with her. All staff is super friendly upon arrival and always sure you’re taken care of. Refrigerators are available upon request but not a standard in the room, but having the option is great to store leftovers during business travel. Rooms are clean, well taken care of and comfortable. I am very pleased with the staff, hotel and location. I love the little treats they have as well at the front desk, it’s just a little added bonus after a day of travel. Thank you all!

Such a good hotel but having no free breakfast nd parking isn't at all fair.All decent hotels serve free breakfast ,COVID times are over when the hotels had difficulties to serve free breakfast.Unhappy with this for sure.We had ask for the fridge and microwave and then received it.These are the basic things in any room.

What a difference from several months ago.  Last time the whole hotel smelled like oil based paint and it was in disarray. This time the whole hotel was GREAT!! ROOMS WERE OF DOUBLE TREE STANDARDS. THE WHOLE STAFF WAS FREINDLY AND ACCOMADATING. IM HERE FOR TRAINING WITH RHEEM RICHMOND AND WILL ASK THEM TO BOOK HERE AGAIN. YOUR WHOLE HOTEL ABD STAFF ARE FANTASTIC

Nickle and dime you here.

The food was awesome!

Easy to get to.  Staff was great! Room was clean!  Jasmine was awesome and made us feel welcome. She went above and beyond for us.  The 2 staff people in the restaurant, a lady and a young man were Amazing!   They took the time to know us and were so polite and professional!   Great experience all the way around!  We will be back soon

Everything was new and updated.  Beds were comfy and rooms were very nice.  Not enough staff here.  No housekeeping and getting extra towels was hard.  You do have to pay $7.00 for parking and $5.00 for a cup of self serve coffee in the lobby was disappointing!  Over all though it is a very nice hotel

Needed some time away from home so i came here for a quick solo stay and it was great! The check in process was seamless, the parking fee of $7 is taken off your card after check out, and the cookies are always a treat! The staff was friendly, rooms were clean and modern, beds were just how i n liked them, shower water was hot and the water pressure was wonderful! I enjoyed 2 hours at the pool and there was only a family of 3 inside. My only wish i that they had a refrigerator and microwave in the rooms. Would definitely come back here again!

Great hotel,great rooms, great breakfast buffet. Worth every penny

Good location, however Rooms have no refrigerator or Microwave our TV was not working not just in our room but multiple people was talking about it not working. The Elevator was broken and  they have No A/C in the hall way or stairs. (4thFloorRoom) Then you wake up to find OUT the BREAKFAST IS $17 DOLLARS Per person. They charge 7 dollars to park overnight.

Love *****

Waiting 30 minutes to check in
Smart tv no YouTube or Netflix

Only hotel I've ever been to that charges for parking (7 dollars a night). Rooms were nice, but gets 0 stars for doing that crooked way of business. I recently stayed at a double tree in Dallas and they didn't charge me for parking, so I'm extremely confused as why this one does.

A huge shout out from Idaho to all the people who work at the Doubletree in Roswell.  This is including Kyle and Dwayne who drive the shuttle.  These men went above and beyond what their job required of them!!!.  Both provided a safe ride and were willing to accommodate the even minor requests. We wish we could have worked with Shawn a little more, he did assure us that even though there was several weddings, that we were just as important.

The front office was amazing keeping their professionalism and their kindness during a trying time.  They too were warm and welcoming.  All of these individuals are the true definition of Southern Hospitality.

There are a few things that could have been better however; they are so minor that they need no recognition.   However; one thing to mention came from The Hilltop. Meals were great, except, the steaks.  Unfortunately; the chef could use a little more assistance on how to cook a steak to customers preference. When we were dissatisfied with the steak, the front staff made sure we were compensated.

Overall, again thank you to all for a very pleasing and fun stay.  Thank you again from the Potato State.

Heyy Yall. Tasha was our server she was amazing!  She is so bubbly and full of life . ❤️

This was our second visit to the Starling, but our first time trying the breakfast buffet. The buffet was fresh, clean, and had a great variety, but the real highlight was the service. Nicole was absolutely amazing! She has such a warm and inviting spirit that made our entire morning even better. It’s rare to come across someone who genuinely makes you feel so welcomed. We can’t wait to visit Atlanta again and stay at the Starling!

I've stayed at this location multiple times when I'm in town for business over the last few years and its better than most in the area. But the issues I've experienced consistently here during most of/all of my stays shouldnt happen at this price point.

Every time I've stayed here, Ive had issues with either the water pressure, the water temperature or both. Ive stayed in different rooms and even different style room (single king, double queen, etc), and I've had the same problem. The rooms use a waterfall type shower head and it seems like the only thing getting the water out of the head is gravity, and its just kind of falling on you. The temp issue also seems to be random, as most mornings I had hot water, but if I showered in the afternoon/early evening I wouldnt.

Something I've also dealt with on multiple floors is humming/whirring noises coming from the interior walls/hallway. Its most likely a ventilation system but its running constantly and can be difficult to drown out. Just something to keep in mind.

This is to be expected for this location, but prices on absolutely everything here are outrageous. Garage parking is $70 a night. Cocktails start at $18. Snacks at the store in the lobby are insane. A bottle of water cost $10. To deal with upcharges like this when paying over $300 a night for a room is kind of ridiculous.

As far as the good goes though, the beds have always been comfortable. And the times I've stayed multiple nights, housekeeping has always been great at keeping everything fresh. The hotel staff in general is always great all around. The breakfast buffet is also good (wish it was included in the cost of the room, but the extra fee is worth it). The location is great too. Its attached to Colony Square and you're minutes from just about everything you need.

This is still my go-to hotel when Im in the area. I just wish there were less issues at the prices theyre charging.

This is my third time staying at this location. I normally enjoy my stay. My most recent experience staying here was great! During check-In Tatyana was truly amazing! She helped with updating my room location, provided details about services/benefits, and made sure my mobile key was active. Thank you again! She really set a positive tone for my experience!

Loved everything about the lobby bar - the unique atmosphere, the delicious food, and the tasty drinks prepared by Donte! I arrived from a long travel day and enjoyed my experience.

Loved everything about the lobby bar - the unique atmosphere, the delicious food, and the tasty drinks prepared by Donte! I arrived from a long travel day and enjoyed my experience.

Went above and beyond my expectations

This hotel was quite disappointing. Coming from LA, we’re used to posh hotels with impeccable cleanliness. This hotel was dirty—from the hallways, to the elevator, and even the room—there were bottles that weren’t picked up for hours in the hallways, French fries in the corner of the elevator, and the room was dusty and rusty. I would not stay here again.

It was absolutely a wonderful stay. Very beautiful view of the city. The vibe and atmosphere around the hotel was incredible! Anthony and Latrel were outstanding and took our experience over the top! Thank you for making our wedding night that much more relaxing and enjoyable

Avoid for any corporate / business travel.  Awful experience here hosting corporate lodging.  Room mixups, security issues with people wandering halls at night, and months to reconcile improper billing.

Great stay. This is my go to hotel. Anthony, Heather and Venice always makes my families stay amazing!

Harold and Anthony made our stay amazing. We had a few issues, but they were fastly corrected! This will be my hotel of choice!

Sipara is amazing and beautiful. She had outstanding customer service and I love her energy!

on May 8 and ninth 2026. I stayed at The starling Atlanta midtown. I met a lady by the name of Hannah who works in Food Service . she was very kind and attentive to everyone who came to have breakfast that morning. It appeared to only be her and another lady working the entire breakfast crowd. She showed a tremendous amount of patience and was very kind and considerate. She made my experience at the starling worth coming back. This lady definitely deserves a raise for what she is bringing to the table when it comes to this hotel, every hotel needs a Hannah FACTS

Anthony’s the best I had a very great experience

Front Desk staff Walter customer service was phenomenal! So patient & respectful, thanks Walter.

Great looking hotel. Room was nice at 1st glance but tub filled up with water white taken a shower. Staff moved us to another room and gave us a meal credit which was good. But I would have not expected this experience to happen .

The hotel is very conveniently located in Atlanta midtown; it has all the amenities and general feel that you would expect of a place of such kind. Reception staff is friendly, but it is also the source of improvement that i see for a hotel in this category.

As for any German business traveler invoices do require company name and address what surprisingly still gets staff at hotels in the US surprised and sort of confused in their interaction with the reservation system. (that is a general why)

Now when i agreed that my invoice would be corrected and send to me via email, i would have suggested that a turnaround within 3 days from Friday to Monday would actually do, but i was taught that unfortunately, post hotel stay, commitment seems to drop.

Engaging in the provided 24hrs chat option and put through to a member of staff at the reception i am asked to just call front desk during business hours, actually making their problem mine.

So bottom line; a professional customer experience looks different. It is unfortunate because it causes all positive interaction quickly deemed relative to learn that actual customer satisfaction seems to be downgraded to just some nice small talk and exchange of platitudes rather than acting on behalf of customer's needs.

Isaiah was not helpful and it felt like we were pulling teeth to get basic information such as “where should I park my vehicle?”. The valet was also not helpful as well. Getting around was not intuitive and obviously asking for help wasn’t looking good. Once at the room there was a very strong male cologne odor in the room that was hard to get past.

Frustrating check in process for sure. I will be making sure to tell my clients that come in town not to stay here.

I had a great week-long business stay at the Starling. It's a friendly hotel located on an open plaza with plenty of restaurants and the High Museum to keep you occupied when you're not working. Hanna and Nicole provided a fantastic breakfast in the restaurant every morning to start the day off.

The hotel is very conveniently located and the staff are nice but lack some basic knowledge regarding the hotel and need to be asked repeatedly for things.
The rooms need some tlc; peeling wallpaper, barn doors with no lock on the bathroom, no bathroom vent, broken makeup mirror, sink that won't drain, toilet that needs to be flushed repeatedly and very hard pillows.
We had breakfast included but we weren't provided the full information of what was included by the seating host on the first day and only learned of all the options by the man that was there on the second morning.
Also, parking is $75 a night, which is ridiculously expensive as the surrounding lots are $20 a night.

Moldy shower tile. Disgusting

Great hotel for a week long business stay. It's on a courtyard in midtown with good restaurants and a Whole Foods within walking distance. Friendly staff. I looked forward to a great breakfast each morning provided by Ganna and Nicole

Hanna and Nicole were amazing. Nicole's smile is infectious and her personality is warm and inviting.||Hanna has a lovely spirit and she is very friendly. These two ladies made our trip special.

Every staff member we encountered was exceptional!

Great hotel near everything in midtown. Wonderful staff.

Was waiting in line, and came at the same time as an older gentlemen, lady at the desk told me someone else had came before me even though we arrived at the same time and they chose to stand in the line next to me, very disappointed ended up waiting in line so long the person with the key to my hotel room had already gotten back, everyone else very nice, also when I had first arrived to the room the water wasn’t working the water engineer took HOURS to get to us and after that there has been no hot water for the whole trip even after fixing the no water problem as well as the smoke detector going off at night multiple times at 3 AM due to it having no battery and this was the night before our DECA test which caused us to be late, very disappointed in the lack of initiative this hotel has in keeping its rooms up to date as well as ready for when the guest are coming to stay, the photo is proof of me having literally no smoke detector/ cover in my room… won’t be staying again.

I loved Tiera! She’s super sweet and nice, her personality is really relaxing although It’s my first trip away from home she made me feel like I was home!

Regina is sooo helpful! She has a beautiful spirit I recommend her!!! You don’t find her type service these days!

Ask for Regina

Harold went above and beyond to take care of an issue we had with our room. My friends and I were staying at The Starling on a girls trip and noticed our mini fridge wasn’t working. Harold came up right away and brought us a new one and was so kind and efficient. Thank you so much!!

This review is of their Breakfast Buffet. ||One of the worst breakfast buffet I’ve ever experienced. We paid $72 (2 persons; 20% gratuity incl).|Not much variety. Eggs and potatoes were cold.|Only 1 type of bread (wheat). The cheap grocery store bread.|No  plain bagels, only raisin bagels and poppyseed bagels.|NO TOASTER. There is no way to toast your bread or bagel.||The good thing was their smoked salmon. |I would have loved having a hot toasted plain bagel with cream cheese and salmon….||I asked the waiter to toast the bagel and a slice of bread but she forgot about it so I ended up eating smoked salmon with a cold raisin bagel. Not a good combination.||We had cappuccino’s which were cold.||Breakfasts at cheap motels are better. And those are free.|The Starling Atlanta buffet costs $72 for 2 persons. Complete waste of money.

I prepaid - then was charged a second time at check-in, the women was clueless. I came down the next day to have it fixed and was assured it was fixed. No surprise, it was not. Now it is my part-time job fighting with them.

On my first visit here I stopped by the bar to have a couple of drinks. I believe an East African woman named salid or kalid, sorry I forgot her name. Yet I remember her remarkable service and exceptional espresso martini! She was very helpful, friendly, & informative!

Comfortable rooms, great lounge, and very good breakfast. Very convenient for local restaurants and lounges. A special shout out to Seble who served my breakfast all 3 days.

I popped into the Starling Hotel for after work drinks and met the greatest bar tender in my travels.  Attentive and a memory like an elephant.  Mitch worked the bar like no other.

Great hotel - breakfast buffet delicious - Hanna and Seble took care of me :)

The Hotel lobby lounge is top tier as usual. I’ve been there a few times now and the hotel atmosphere, the welcoming staff is just simply fantastic. The bartenders are creative, courteous, and professional. I’d like to personally extend a special thank you to the service bartender Davalon she is a specific reason why I’ll continue to come back to this great establishment! Thanks again Davalon they are very lucky to have you!

We loved our stay at the starling. The staff especially Anthony at the front desk made our first anniversary after having a baby truly special. We would definitely return!

Hanna
Isaiah
Seble
LaTrell!!!
Andrew
Was TOTALLY AND UTTERLY AMAZING!!!!!
Everyone has amazing energy very patient and proactive
Outgoing personalities and they smile a lot when talking
I love the accountability they took anytime I had a question request or concern
Thank you for making my experience memorable ‼️‼️‼️‼️

Stayed here over the weekend for a business trip. As someone who works in construction and travels frequently, I usually build relationships with hotels I can consistently bring business to. The room itself was great spacious, comfortable, and a nice view. That part met expectations. Unfortunately, the overall experience didn’t. The valet situation was confusing and unhelpful, check-in was slow with an unwelcoming attitude, and the TV in the room didn’t work. On top of that, I was stuck in the parking garage for about 15 minutes due to a gate issue, and the response I received when calling for help was unprofessional. Because of these issues, I don’t see myself returning or bringing future business here, which is disappointing given the potential this property has.

We initially thought that we had a good stay at this hotel, but after checking out there was an extremely frustrating billing error that spoiled the experience. There was a small charge made of $28.20 after checking out. This charge was for food/beverages on night 2 of of a 2 night stay. There should have been 2 Food/Beverage credits on our room - 1 for each night - and each should have been for $30 per night (2 people, $15 per person per night). Instead, only a single night was credited for the $30 and the second night was not credited.

We assumed that this would be a very easy matter to get corrected, however we were mistaken. We contacted the hotel every day for 6 days, leaving messages that were not returned. Finally somebody at the hotel provided us with an email address and asked us to email the manager that deals with these things (initials MB - Accounts Receivable). We did so and heard nothing at all. After 8 days of silence we again emailed, and then called. This was unsuccessful. We spoke to Hilton corporate customer service who apologized immediately, confirmed that there should have been a credit for each night and the amount should definitely not have been paid and that they would escalate it.

Only then did we receive an email from "MB", and that email was to refuse to process the refund as he believed the credit should only have been for one night. (He also incorrectly suggested that the 1x$15 credit for the second person was a "courtesy credit" - it is a published guaranteed benefit of status in the Hilton chain).

A credit card dispute was then initiated as this appears to be the only way to get any resolution.

A very disappointing experience and I would STRONGLY suggest staying anywhere else in Atlanta other than this hotel. While there the hotel experience was perfectly pleasant, but if you do encounter a billing mistake prepare for a saga. No hotel is worth that experience, and certainly not this one. I would certainly not return and will recommend anybody in Atlanta to avoid this location.

I would not stay there again. When I spoke to the front desk about an unhoused man on my floor and my shower not draining, no one ended up doing anything. The toilet paper felt like it came from the dollar store and I got a random pizza flyer under my door overnight as though they let anyone in the hotel. I also got like 6 texts over a three night stay promoting their spa discounts. Although the lobby looks cool, the rest feels like DIY improvements. No one ever asked how my stay was or else I would've gladly spoken with a manager.

Wont be staying with Hilton anymore because of my experience here.

Frequent business traveler here and hilton honors member - WALLS ARE EXTREMELY THIN AND I HEARD REPEATED AGGRESSIVE BANGING NOISES THE WHOLE STAY (see video). Not sure what it was coming from as it was consistently bothersome all day and all night. My sleep was a wreck, I hardly got any rest for my business trip to Modex. Very disappointed with the loudness and Hilton here.

Valet - 2.5/5 slow service and workers were rude/sassy upon the first visit/car drop prior to my checking in to the hotel. Not hospitable at all, long wait times.

Cleanliness - 2/5 visible dust on surfaces despite me asking for allergy accommodations. Bathroom smelled musty.

Lovely hotel and very nice staff.

Awesome hotel...super clean..great staff.

The front desk takes a very long time to do basic tasks like checking in. There is no line, this is just to complete the task. I am waiting for up to 10 minutes at a time for the associate to complete the checkin - at Marriott properties it is nearly instantaneous

Lovely stay!  Receptionists friendly and helpful!

Hanging out with Mitch!

If making a first time customer experience was a priority maybe this would have been a wonderful birthday weekend. Upset I paid for a terrible experience. Wasn’t smoothly ran and no customer resolutions for guests. I won’t be back for the cost,  could have went somewhere else and be guaranteed a great birthday weekend. Blessings regardless just my experience I guess.

Wonderful space and incredible team for events! My organization hosted a program there a few weeks back and the entire team, led by Adrienne, couldn't have been more helpful and responsive before, during, and after. The rooftop space is beautiful and I loved the surrounding area.

I stated the starling in February during a conference for our company in Atlanta. I chose not to stay at the conference hotels, but to stay at this beautiful, small boutique for the first time, and I was not disappointed.   The staff are courteous and very friendly made me feel like I was coming home in the evening instead of going to a hotel where I knew no one and no one knew me.  I included breakfast with my room for every day and I enjoyed going down and having breakfast before I left for the conference, bright sunny restaurant and a beautiful buffet.  I usually have dinner in the lounge and got to know many of the staff and other guests all of which were fascinating lovely people. I highly recommend this hotel if you’re visiting Atlanta, the location is fantastic. It’s walkable to restaurants and shop you won’t go wrong.

Amazing stay from start to finish! The service was exceptional—everyone from the restaurant staff to concierge and valet was so kind and welcoming. A special shoutout to our breakfast waitress Hanna, who was incredibly sweet and accommodating and truly made our mornings better. We also loved the city view from our room. We’ll definitely be back!

Rooms are nice, great location, so many venues on-site! My bartender in the hotel lobby was named Mitch and he was PHENOMENAL! I will go back just to visit Mitch!

This was my first time staying in Atlanta. Picked a great hotel and staff. Would highly recommend it.  Excellent location! I will be back.

The best

This hotel is in a excellent location. Shopping and restaurants are within walking distance.The rooms are modern and spacious. And the hospitality is exceptional. Nicole waited on us at breakfast. She greeted us with a beautiful smile. Continously checked on us and made sure we had everything we needed.

Always my first choice when staying in midtown. Clean, efficient, and the front staff is always so kind! Special thanks to Stephen who always does a phenomenal job every time I visit! Great hotel!

I am very Happy! Our stay at the Sterling Hotel was extraordinary!

The overall stay was not bad, the room i had was great. Room was clean, bed was comfy, pillows were comfy, sheets and pillows had no visible stains as some hotels linen tends to, and nothing seemed messed with after housekeeping was there. The floor i was on was quiet and the elevators were cute and high tech in operation, valet team was great, super friendly kind polite and quick. The bar drinks on the other hand was where things went bad. The first two nights were great and mitch is amazing, then a different bar tender was there, Dontrelle was his name, and lets just say after he gave me a drink on the house he kept insisting my friend try (i was only drinking beer my friend was having the sex on the beach mixed drink) as she only wanted a specific bartender to make the night was ruined and almost put me in the hospital. My friend refused the drink as it wasnt made by the bartender who made all of hers and i didnt want it to go to waste so after my beer i started to drink it. For starters mine was a lot lighter colored than hers but nothing to suspicious as they were made by two different people, but after the second drink a huge part of the night was a blur. We were having a great time and making videos and one second to the next i dont remember anything for about two and a half hours. I dont remember leaving the bar, i dont remember getting to my room or changing or anything. Next thing i remember was being in my room in my pajamas laying in the bathtub. One second my entire body is burning up and i cant cool off next second i was curled up in fetal position freezing and so cold i could barely breath like i was in ice water and hypothermic. My friend said i sounded like i was having a baby the way i was breathing super hard and really loud but i felt like i couldnt breathe or catch my breath. My friends were moments away from taking me to the hospital but i ended up making myself throw up. Im not that young and im not drunk easily i can handle my alcohol very well and ive been drunk enough times to know what it feels like but this was different, ive never felt anything like this. The drink had a bunch of white powdery floaty stuff in it. After making myself throw up about 30minutes later i felt ok enough to go to sleep. The next morning i still had a headache, was extremely dizzy and my body felt really weird and jittery like pre work out or coffee jitters.

If staying here i would not recommend allowing Dontrelle to make any of your drinks just for pure safety.

We left the room at 9 am came back at 5:30 and the room still not cleaned.

I stayed with my wife last weekend 3/20 -3/22. We had a Midtown King suite and it was incredible. Beautiful room and views and service was great. We were celebrating our 1st anniversary and wanted to do a little staycation. So, knowing this plan I prepaid (Hilton Honors non-refundable) because it was cheaper, so why wouldn’t I?? Obviously I booked direct to avoid things like the following. The charge came through immediately and I paid it off, all good. We go, enjoy our stay, and check out. $102 for incidentals, yep fine that’s lower than we expected. Then on 3/23, I get charged again! $582.82, the exact same number. I waited a few days hoping it would resolve itself but here we are. I called the hotel thinking that would be the easiest, whoever answered I wouldn’t say rude but they certainly weren’t friendly, with no information said “hold on” and I got transferred to the automated customer service. After arguing with the robot for awhile I finally got on with a representative who said, you guessed, “you have to call the hotel”!.. After discussing what happened he called the hotel on my behalf and was told that I have to call the accounting department who isn’t available until 8AM Monday. If the hotel knew that, why not just tell me to begin with instead of wasting an hour of my time??

I stayed at a Hilton Canopy a few weeks ago and also had a fantastic time and the room was great. When we checked out, my car that I paid over $100 to valet was booted! The valet asked me pay to have the boot removed and they would reimburse me.. Seriously!! I obviously did not do that and the issue was resolved after an hour or so but of course, the hotel “can’t do anything” because the valet is a separate company, even though that is the only option.

I’ve really been on the Hilton train recently and have been questioning the blind loyalty to Marriott that myself and a lot of people have had, and I really did enjoy this stay but if it avoids the headache I will go back to paying more for less!

One block from Piedmont park
Pet friendly
Service is exceptional- everyone is so kind.
Shout out to Nicole and Sipara and the whole team that made my stay so lovely

The kind of place you’ll see lovers hugging while they wait for their valet, a musician practice his guitar softly in the lobby and a body builder breeze by you, while a toddler navigates the cushy seating- everywhere… while the father spots her every move. Eclectic, fun, CLEAN- with plenty to do and eat all around- allbeit NOT when I got here at 4 AM. Despite that, I was able to check in quickly enough at that time!

Nicole helped us for breakfast and she was amazing! A great way to start our vacation!

Great staff

Had a business meeting there, was wonderful.

Positive: Everything Negative: No

The hotel itself was fine, but the Valet service crew was nothing short of incredible!!  Every one of them was super friendly and so helpful, it’s tough with 2 small kids in tow and the valet was so patient and polite when I was loading my kiddos in the car.  I will stay at the Starling again just because of how we were treated by the valet people

We spent 5 nights at the Starling and it was absolutely perfect. Great room with an incredible view of the sunrise each morning!  Fantastic location, close to the Botanical gardens and beltine, and atmosphere was brilliant at the hotel. The breakfast is fresh and super tasty and the service was impeccable. Shout out to Regina and Anthony on the front desk who took great care of us and the hotel manager, Sven, who was so lovely!! Would definitely stay again.

Everything that you'd want in a hotel! Entertainment, food, a bar, and spacious rooms! Can't ask for much more than that!

This was undoubtedly one of the best experiences I’ve had at The Starling over the years.  I have a special appreciation for Venice, who created an experience truly unlike any other.

I ended up at the starling randomly when I missed my flight due to long tsa lines at Hartsfield. The rooms are spacious and comfortable and the location is good. The staff is hit or miss. When I first got there, 2 people were behind the check in counter talking amongst themselves. They looked at me and just continued their conversation. Another person came from behind them to check me in. She was friendly and informative. After being in the airport for 4 hours and still missing my flight,. I decided to order room service. The portion sizes are TINY and they put the actual order ticket in my chicken skewers. The woman I spoke to was apologetic and replaced the chicken skewers pretty quickly but they were disgusting. So $82 for shrimp skewers, chicken skewers and Brussel sprouts, and a glass of wine. I should have ordered Uber Eats. As a last meal in Atlanta this was a complete waste and I expected more from a hotel.

I may stay here again but will NEVER eat at the restaurant here or order room service again.

Excellent establishment. Really great rooms, and the staff is really helpful and friendly.

Breakfast: Nicole was excellent and the food was great!

Besides that the room and location were great, I particularly want to thank the front desk manager Sharice Mitchell-Knight. When we told her that our chick-fil-a cups we bought were missing after room cleaning, she handled it timely and perfectly. She sent out someone to buy the exact same cups for us immediately. We were all so surprised and grateful. This is definitely the most perfect service I’ve experienced so far. Shout out to Sharice!

Not bad. Maybe a little overpriced. Good location in midtown. Nice view from higher floor but windows were dirty. Bathroom lighting is inadequate way too dark. Bathroom nightlight is too bright had to cover it.

Great location. The hotel felt quite busy at night since people come to the bar and restaurant, but the rooms were quiet and we didn’t hear any noise. The view toward Piedmont Park is beautiful, although the windows could be cleaner as they looked a bit dirty. The rooms themselves were very clean and well maintained. Elevators can take a bit longer during peak hours, but nothing major. The pool was closed during our stay in March—we understand it’s seasonal, although the weather was already warm. Staff were friendly and helpful overall.

ONCE a good nights sleep.    After my flight was cancelled, I was excited to head where I once got a great nights sleep.   Unfortunately - BRIGHT NIGHTLIGHTS were installed that you’re not able to turn off.    Would have been a perfect, cold, dark room - not anymore.   Front desk acknowledged the nuisance bright light couldn’t be turned off.   Such a shame.  No more visits here.    😢☹️

Positive: The decor was nice Negative: Booked a room with 2 beds. There was only 1 bed in our room. We asked to be moved and they said there were no rooms with 2 beds available until the next day. We insisted and they found one. THEN they called at 6:45am wake up call that we did not request.

Corey in valet was the highlight of the hotel. He was very friendly, very professional! He ensured our experience was beyond what we expected. He gets 5 stars alone.

Corey provided exceptional valet service! He was professional, courteous, and incredibly efficient. From the moment we arrived, he made the experience smooth and welcoming.

Corey was an excellent in valet quick, professional, and very attentive. He made sure everything moved smoothly and was extremely polite throughout the entire experience. His positive attitude and efficiency really stood out. Great service from start to finish! ⭐️

Everyone from the valets to dining service provided prompt, friendly and helpful service. Special shout-out to valet Aaron, who I would love as a personal tour guide; Hanna, who missed her opportunity to work Secret Service detail; and finally Nicole who has a 1000-watt smile and is an agile as a gazelle.

The breakfast buffet was outstanding and our waitress Nicole was the best!  Truly enjoyed the atmosphere and service.

Great staff and clean room

Location is awesome. Within walking distance to everything. My fav was the access to the belt line. The stand out amenity is the staff at the breakfast restaurant in the hotel. Hanna was welcoming and provided above and beyond service. It’s always great to start your morning with a friendly face and service. She’s the best.  Order the Umami omelette. It was so good I had to go back the next day for another.

I was here for a Summit. Fabulous service, the food was amazing and the property is beautiful! The only feedback is that for large events like the conference, the elevator is extremely slow. The hidden lounge was a great place for downtime.

Absolutely great stay at the starling! Location was perfect with lots of restaurants, etc. within walking distance. Was very comfortable and clean!Latrell and Aaron were both very helpful and we appreciated their great attitude!

Review: The Starling Atlanta Midtown – Great Location, Disappointing Rooms

The only real selling point of The Starling is its location. It’s right in the middle of Midtown — walkable to Piedmont Park, Colony Square, and plenty of restaurants and bars. If you want convenience, it has that.

Beyond that, it falls apart.

The rooms are poorly designed and feel neglected. The décor tries to be bold and modern but comes off mismatched and cheaply executed. Layout choices don’t make sense, finishes feel worn, and the overall impression is dated rather than stylish.

Cleanliness is the bigger issue. The room did not feel properly cleaned — dust, stained surfaces, and a general lack of attention to detail. Bathrooms in particular felt grimy rather than fresh. For a hotel at this price point, that’s unacceptable.

The lobby and marketing suggest an upscale experience. The rooms do not deliver it.

If location is your only priority, it works. If you care about thoughtful design, cleanliness, and overall quality, there are better options in Midtown.

Nicole was great! Very attentive and sweet! The breakfast was also great!

Not the luxury or boutique hotel it’s trying to be. Hope the meeting moves on to another hotel.

Regina Cherry. Thank you.

I don't stay at Hilton for myself. I do it for work, friends and loved ones. So when I want to be a room while traveling or leaving a late night class, and the app won't allow me to use my digital key, it's both annoying and time consuming.

My time I can waste, never that of my people.  Regina took time out of a busy night to listen to my story of frustration of having to drive 30 miles into the city becaue I couldn't use my DIGITAL key without PHYSICALLY checking in. She made the adjustments so a bday gift would go smoothly.  But, most importantly,  she helped me with a solution. This was third time I couldn't use my key and each staff member left me with a " i don't know " ,or ," I don't know what to tell you." All of those sounded like: i don't care.

Please give her a raise, a day off and a promotion simultaneously. She kept a loyal member from switching hotel brands.

Great stay. Highly recommend. Special thanks to housekeeper Delores. She kept are room clean and always provided towels and made sure we were good. She needs a promotion lol. Thanks Starling. Will definitely return. Back to Palm Beach we go ✨️🌴

An awesome place to stay inside the city! Parking can get a little confused but once you are there the staff is incredibly helpful and courteous. Rooms had a beautiful view and Jojo's Beloved Cocktail bar is a great speakeasy to check out when you are there.

5 stars all the way

Anthony, the Guest Services Supervisor at The Starling Hotel in Atlanta, provided outstanding service during my stay. From the moment I arrived, he was professional, welcoming, and extremely attentive to every detail. Anthony went above and beyond to ensure that everything was handled smoothly and that I felt valued as a guest.

His professionalism, positive attitude, and willingness to help truly stood out. It’s rare to encounter someone who takes such pride in delivering exceptional hospitality. Anthony made the experience memorable and is a great representation of the high standards at The Starling.

I highly recommend The Starling Hotel, and Anthony is a big reason why. Thank you for the excellent service!Anthony, the Guest Services Supervisor at The Starling Hotel in Atlanta, provided outstanding service during my stay. From the moment I arrived, he was professional, welcoming, and extremely attentive to every detail. Anthony went above and beyond to ensure that everything was handled smoothly and that I felt valued as a guest.

His professionalism, positive attitude, and willingness to help truly stood out. It’s rare to encounter someone who takes such pride in delivering exceptional hospitality. Anthony made the experience memorable and is a great representation of the high standards at The Starling.

I highly recommend The Starling Hotel, and Anthony is a big reason why. Thank you for the excellent service!

Venice at the front deck is awesome!!!! She was so nice and professional.  The hotel is amazing and very clean.  10 stars if I could.

The service was excellent. I need to find the name of the wonderful front desk staff that helped me.  And I’ll update.

My stay was absolutely fantastic. The room was immaculately clean, and the service was great. Being within walking distance of all the top-rated restaurants and nightlife made the experience even better. I highly recommend this spot.

I’m doing a staycation with my man for his birthday this weekend. Let me just say the way Latrelle went above and beyond to make sure I make this weekend for him great is so amazing. We need more Latrelle’s in the world! He upgraded us from a king room to the suite it is amazing! I love the starling always come here! When yall come make sure yall ask for latrelle he is your guy!

Online pictures made it seem nicer than it was overall. Staff was friendly and great proximity to good and drinks. Housekeeping could do a better job for sure. Bathroom had hair in shower and around shower, makeup remover pad in corner of the bathroom, etc. Didn't feel like I had a clean room overall but did feel like I had clean sheets. Bed and pillows super comfortable. Building in the room had decent amount of wear and tear like he bottom of the slider door being worn to a 1" radius from use, laminate on desk bubbling, etc. Next time in Atlanta I'll probably try to find something newer.

My stay at The Starling was absolutely wonderful! The rooms were beautiful — stylish, clean, and very comfortable.

The customer service at the front desk was exceptional — warm, welcoming, and attentive from the moment I arrived. The hotel amenities were lovely and really added to the overall experience.

I've stayed here and enjoyed the room but especially, the bar and lounge - great service, great staff. And the gourmet food court right next door is fantastic!

Great rooms Regina changed our experience. She hosted us in a great way.

I am a local, and I love this hotel so much. The vibe is right, the crowd is gorgeous, and the staff makes the entire experience come alive. I dare you to meet Regina at the front desk and not be dazzled.

Anthony and Latrell are awesome. Great experience!

It was a busy hotel, due to Valentine's Day weekend and a gymnastics competition near. Besides that, it is in a great location, great customer service, the room was nice, and the food quality was great.

I’ve stayed at this property since it operated as the W, and it was always my preferred hotel in Atlanta. Unfortunately, this was by far the most frustrating and disappointing experience I’ve had here.

Valet is $90 per night, yet the phone went unanswered multiple times, resulting in unnecessary Uber rides and excessive wait times. When you’re paying premium rates, basic responsiveness shouldn’t be an issue.

I booked a spa service to relax, only to wait 45 minutes for an elevator afterward. That completely defeats the purpose of a 90-minute de-stress session.

Out of the entire staff, I can count on one hand fewer than five people who were genuinely kind, allowed me to speak without interruption, or didn’t display an unacceptable attitude. Hospitality should never feel like an inconvenience to the staff.

To top it off, the room condition was unacceptable — two large cracks, visible dust, and a broken toilet seat. That’s simply not the standard this property used to uphold.

I sincerely hope management takes the time to respond or reach out. Based on this experience, I cannot recommend this hotel, and I won’t be returning.

was here for the weekend and i must say i enjoyed my stay but the bartender Dontae was AMAZING. he was so polite always smiling snd interacted with the all guest . next time in in atlanta me and my significant other will be staying here because of him #GreatService

I have had the pleasure of staying here a few times over the years. Each time has always been a great stay - easy access to a food court, coffee shop & WiFi are fast, and the people extremely friendly.

Recently, had a mishap with a gift from my child left behind in the room. Regina gave me easy instructions and outstanding service to have the gift shipped back to me.

I’ll be staying here every time I come to Atlanta. Highly reccomend anyone who needs to be in Midtown to consider this hotel.

Location is horrible, they don’t even have parking spaces. You have to pay all that money for a hotel room just to get charged extra for parking. Everything is tight your car can easily get damaged. Valet barely pays attention. For the hotel manager that charged us $75 for valet that we never used and never fixed the issue. The other hotel clerks are very nice. The ambiance and hospitality was amazing and everything was clean and very well put together.

I absolutely love this hotel it is actually stunning and the seating area lounge is so eclectic and the decor is top notch!! People there are nice and not too stuck up!

My stay at The Starling Midtown Atlanta was extremely underwhelming, especially considering the price and reputation.

The check-in process was slow, and the staff didn’t seem organized or attentive. When I got to my room, it didn’t feel fresh or well-maintained. The furniture looked worn, and the overall cleanliness was questionable. It definitely did not match the expectations of a higher-end hotel.

Another major issue was the noise. I could constantly hear doors slamming and people talking in the hallway, which made it difficult to relax. The air conditioning also struggled to keep the room at a comfortable temperature.

Overall, the hotel feels outdated and poorly managed. There are much better options in Midtown Atlanta for the same price. I regret choosing this hotel and would not stay here again.

I had a very disappointing stay at The Starling Midtown Atlanta. The hotel looks nice in pictures, but the actual experience was far from what I expected.

The room was not properly cleaned, there was visible dust on surfaces, and the bathroom didn’t feel sanitary. The bed was uncomfortable, and the pillows felt cheap. For a hotel that markets itself as upscale, the overall condition felt neglected.

Customer service was also lacking. The front desk staff were not very welcoming or helpful when I brought up concerns. It felt like guest satisfaction wasn’t a priority.

On top of that, the walls were thin, and I could hear noise from the hallway and nearby rooms late into the night, making it hard to get proper rest.

For the price they charge, I expected much better quality and service. I would not stay here again and would not recommend it to anyone visiting Atlanta.

I only come to this hotel when my clients are staying here. I always valet my car I would say the valet service people do not communicate very well same with the front desk. It’s just not as seamless as it could be. There’s also a really great chance that a drunk guest is going to be really loud on your floor! 😅

Anthony was so helpful and kind. Thank you so much!

Phenomenal Experience - Front Desk and The Commons Breakfast
February 2026
Stayed here while celebrating my birthday. Regina at the front desk was amazing and so helpful with directions and recommendations and made the stay so enjoyable. The Commons Restaurant was delicious and such a nice departure for y oh e standard hotel breakfast. The staff was phenomenal when with it being packed. Our waitress, Nicole, both mornings remembered our drinks and preferences from the day before and just brought such joy and brightness to the mornings. Briana was so helpful and kind as well. The entire breakfast staff, Briana, Nicole, Tyler & Hanna, were gracious and made sure the food was hot on the Buffett and that everyone had what they needed. I travel quite often both domestically and internationally, and rarely write reviews. Can’t remember the last time I did, but the staff mentioned here deserves the recognition for excellent service. Thank you especially to Regina (front desk) and Nicole & Briana (breakfast) for helping us find a little piece of calm and sanctuary during the chaos of Valentines weekend (and cheerleaders everywhere 😊)

Second time staying here for little staycation. What I like about life in general is typically when things happen judging people off of the recovery and not necessarily the mistake…..this hotel did that… the manager  beautiful African-American lady Mrs Benet I believe really came through in the clutch to make the stay that much more better.  We Stayed here for a Valentines getaway weekend. This is our go to hotel will continue to use the hotel everybody from the staff from Mr. Eddie out in the valet till LAZ one of the valet, attendees even to the waitress lady at the hotel lounge area that likes to dance to the music she even made it worth the wild as well too really appreciate everybody’s accommodation hotel amenities are really nice as usual but again, just a really really nice place I like the fact that they try to go to the above and beyond to make sure that you have a great day. Will definitely continue to stay here again.

OK hotel. Over priced for what it offers. Biggest issue was that it smelled like weed EVERYWHERE. In the valet area WEED. In the bar/Restaurant WEED. In the hall way to your room WEED.  This property needs to have better ventilation or get some security to straighten up the rifraff they are renting rooms to.

Hotel is decent

My recent stay at The Starling Atlanta Midtown was absolutely wonderful! I was visiting as part of a group, and the entire experience exceeded our expectations.
From the moment we arrived, the hospitality truly stood out. Anthony in particular made such a positive impression — he was friendly, genuine, and took the time to speak with members of our group on multiple occasions as we passed through the lobby during our entire stay. That kind of warm, personal touch is rare and made us feel sincerely welcomed.
The location is fantastic, making it easy to enjoy everything Midtown has to offer. The property itself was comfortable, well-kept, and perfect for accommodating a group stay.
Hospitality is hard to find these days, so when you experience it, it deserves to be recognized. I will absolutely be returning in April and look forward to staying again!

Latrelle and Anthony are fantastic!

An Unforgettable Birthday Experience
My husband and I drove in from Knoxville, Tennessee for a birthday weekend getaway, and without question, this was one of the most memorable birthday experiences I have ever had. The reason is simple. The people.

From the moment we arrived, the service was exceptional. Our valet, Enoch, unloaded our entire car, brought everything up to the room, hung our jackets in the closet, placed our belongings neatly in the bedroom, and was incredibly accommodating. It set the tone immediately.

Regina at the front office was warm, polished, and genuinely welcoming. Colin, the hotel manager, went above and beyond. He sent a beautiful bottle of champagne and a charcuterie board to our room for my birthday, bought me a celebratory drink on our first night, and followed up afterward with a thoughtful email to ensure everything was superb. That level of leadership is rare.

At the spa, Dervin graciously worked me in last minute for a 50 minute massage with Tomiko, and it was phenomenal. Tomiko is incredibly talented. Dervin also followed up to make sure the experience exceeded expectations, and it absolutely did.

And Dee at the bar made one of the most impressive martinis I have ever had.

The room was spotless. The energy throughout the property was polished yet warm. What stood out most was the consistency. Every single person delivered excellence.

Because of this experience, we have already decided to return once a quarter. I have shared our stay on Instagram and Facebook and will continue recommending this hotel to friends.

Thank you for making my birthday unforgettable. We cannot wait to come back.

Jared was amazing. My massage was great and so relaxing. I think I fell asleep several times lol. Will be visiting again!

Pros: The hotel is located in a great location, nestled in the center of food halls, bars, restaurants, lounges, and museums. The hotel itself is clean, trendy and modern. The lounge is a great place to relax and enjoy guests any time of day or evening. I would highly consider staying here when visiting for the weekend again, especially for a romantic weekend or girls getaway. Super cute area especially if you're not familiar with Atlanta and unsure where to stay.
Cons: Valet is a bit pricey, but the hotel does share an attached parking deck with Colony Square that's half the price to park in, and has a direct entrance to the hotel. I would recommend this option. Drive up the ramp and continue to the left until you see the door for the hotel.

Nice hotel, however, the walls are extremely thin. Unfortunately, you have to pay for parking. The restaurant/bar is the highlight, even though it’s pricey. Tasty food and great drinks, and live music on certain nights. Great location as well because of colony square.

Awesome hotel 🏨

Great hotel.  Service was outstanding.  Close to so many amenities.  Will definitely return.

Positive: Location Negative: Bathroom, no amenities , poor shower head

Stayed here for one night for work. Check in was a breeze, had drinks at the bar and then went to my room. Food was spilled in front of the elevator and it's clear it was there for a while as it looked stomped upon. When I got to my room, what greeted me was a massive cockroach strolling across the carpet with eggs ready to lay. I finally smashed it but was freaked out the entire night and could not sleep. Thank God I had an early morning flight...was so ready to get out of there. The hotel needs to get pest control!

Stayed here for 6 nights on a work trip.
Very nice smart hotel with lovely front desk staff.

Good sized smart room which is nicely decorated.
Big floor to ceiling windows with net curtains as well as normal curtains. I was lucky to get some amazing sunrises from my room (when it wasn't foggy!)

Good sized bathroom with nice shower.
Plenty of sockets/USB around the room and big TV

Close to many restaurants

Few minor issues with the room though:

Not enough storage for clothes is you're staying for more than a few days. There is a hanger area but not very high so clothes touch the shelf below.

Not enough places to hang towels in the bathroom to dry.

Nowhere to hang coats. Could easily add some hooks just inside the room.

No lights on the ceiling so room not bright enough. Needs a light at the desk area as well if you're trying to work.

WiFi not that fast

However I would happily stay here again next time I'm in Atlanta.

The venue is beautiful and very unique. My family had a wedding here, the food was delicious. I didn’t stay but I did use valet.

Edy from valet was extremely disrespectful and short tempered. I communicated to him that another valet member gave us incorrect information. He then got super upset with me and got into my face yelling that he had loyalty to my family. Then continued to ask if I’m challenging him while also becoming physically intimating. So bad to the point that a friend had to stand between us. The other valet members witnessed and didn’t intervene, I had to be the bigger person and walked away. Which is wild because I’m the paying customer, smh. I heard him speaking bad about me to his staff while I waited on the car. This was between 1 & 2 AM on September 22nd.

Breakfast was absolutely amazing. Taylor and Brianna were so helpful and I will come back every time I come to Atlanta.

Beautiful hotel, friendly staff,  great food.

Great location and nice valet & check-in staff, we stayed for 3nights. The Curio collection property in Asheville was much nicer. I would not return to this property.

Nice design but it’s run down, the furniture needs to be reupholstered in the rooms and common area. Wallpaper is peeling from the drywall. One of the pendant lights in the common area, the metal portion has come out from the ceiling outlet.

Breakfast is nothing notable, go elsewhere. The cleaning staff does not empty the trash bins in the rooms. Walls are thin.

The valet area had a car obstructing the entrance. We had to turn around to safety enter the driveway at night, navigating the other cars and pedestrians on the busy cross section. The car was there for at least 12 hours; when we came into the hotel at 9pm and when we checked out at 9am. Seems like a big liability.

You can hear every neighbor like you’re sharing rooms.  Wanted to take a nap right now but all I hear is women talking loudly and having a ball.they should have used better sound proofing on the walls.

I had the pleasure of staying at the Starling! Service was outstanding! Latrell and Regina both were amazing and were definitely fresh smiling faces for the hotel. The guy in valet with pretty eyes was very accommodating and the guy who brought our stuff to our room was so helpful when we had to do a room swap!

The hotel as a whole is beautiful and has so much to offer! From the food court to the movies being connected! The rooms?… it seems like they need a tad bit of TLC. The shower head was coming off, making water splash everywhere. The TV mount was faulty, and the beds HARD as bricks! Don’t get me wrong, when we called engineering, they came immediately and were so amazing! I believe Jay and a bigger older guy that came up to assist!

All in all, I give the hotel, 6/10.

I'm really not sure how this hotel isn't pushing 5 stars. If I had to knit pick, the rooms need more lighting. Bartender Mitch is amazing and a shout out to Eddie in valet. Stellar job!

Positive: All of the staff I interacted with were very friendly and helpful. Self-parking in the garage was very reasonably priced, at $15/night, and the garage is accessible from inside of the hotel, which makes loading and unloading very convenient. Negative: Valet parking at $69+ tax (and that's without tip) is pretty outrageous. Thankfully, the garage is not owned by the hotel, so self-parking is allowed, which is far more reasonably priced.

Great price for the location. You can self park in the adjoining parking deck (Colony Square) and, conveniently, the red floor has a door (to the right of the police station) that leads to the lobby. The car stayed parked Friday and Saturday night for a $30 charge on Sunday morning. Valet is $69 + tax per day. The rooms were clean and spacious. I especially liked the floor to ceiling window wall overlooking the city. All of the staff we encountered were very helpful and pleasant.  The bar and restaurant were quite lively in the evenings and looked inviting. There are many restaurants and bars in close proximity and it is walking distance to Piedmont Park and the botanical gardens. We will stay here again.

Excellent location in Mid-City. Loved the floor-to-ceiling window; it made the room feel much larger than it actually was (which was not tiny) and also made relaxing in the room, instead of venturing out during dismal weather, much more appealing. Every room has a mini-fridge, which was perfect for storing leftovers or bringing snacks from home. So many restaurants within walking distance, so that's a huge bonus when you'd prefer to park your car and just leave it. Also, it's nice to have parking options: they offer valet, but if you'd prefer to self-park (fraction of the price for valet), the parking garage is literally attached to the hotel and has an interior entrance to/from the hotel lobby.

Very eclectic and artsy vibe with very stylish rooms and excellent decor. Definitely a great place for staycation or a place to lounge at while visiting Atlanta.

Beautiful hotel

I stayed here two nights, 1 week apart. First night was fine although we were shocked at the parking fee. The second time, I was deeply disappointed in the room. The bathroom door was broken (I have small kids so it’s imperative the bathroom door works). Also the room had no shampoo, just 2 body washes and conditioner. We stayed for a short time and made do with what we had.

Hotel is nice ! Rooms are very big and spacious ! However the shower for the room we booked which was the midtown view king was very low pressurized and oddly placed in the shower !!! The views are incredible and the food hall upstairs just elevates the experience , as they have some really great food options!! Parking is very off setting as it’s $75/night valet and $30 for the near parking garage ! Also the staff is not very prompt on communication , I could never reach the front desk by the room phone and when I called via cell phone they hardly ever answered !!! Hotel staff at front desk do not provide the best communication but all in all this is a very aesthetically pleasing hotel that is in a wonderful location , near many fantastic restaurants and things to do !!!

The Starling  is a very nice hotel.
I stayed  the night so that I can visit the Atlanta botanical garden and also the Coca-Cola museum. I used the colony square parking garage overnight.
It was $60 so I didn’t have to pay the $75 for valet parking at the hotel.
but if I was going out, I would’ve use the valet parking.
Beautiful decor. The lounge had a cool vibe.

Had a wonderful time at this hotel. I will be coming back.

I am extremely disappointed with how my cancellation was handled and the level of unprofessionalism I experienced from this hotel.

I spent the entire day trying to call the front desk to cancel a reservation due to a COVID related illness. Each time, the phone was answered and then immediately disconnected. After multiple attempts, my call was eventually rerouted to a customer service center, which finally connected me with a manager named Venice.

Unfortunately, the interaction with Venice was unacceptable. She refused to provide even the first initial of her last name, was rude and argumentative, and showed no empathy whatsoever. When I explained that my husband had tested positive for COVID using an at-home test, she demanded proof in order to issue a refund. When I explained that there was no official documentation to provide, she compared my situation to her needing proof to call out of work which was inappropriate and completely unreasonable.

We were essentially told that unless we provided proof that we cannot reasonably obtain, we would not receive a refund. This forced us into the position of either losing our money or traveling while potentially exposing others to COVID, which is irresponsible and alarming.

We are frequent guests and have stayed here many times in the past, but based on this experience, we will not be returning after this stay. The lack of professionalism, empathy, and basic customer service from both front desk staff and management was unacceptable.

Overall great place and great bar . The location is safe and a lot to do . The only bad part is parking is too expensive. Valet is 75 for overnight .

Major Decline in Service

My wife and I have stayed at The Starling Atlanta Midtown in the past and had great experiences, which is why we chose to return. Unfortunately, this stay was a huge disappointment.
The biggest issue started with parking. I asked valet staff multiple times about self-parking and was repeatedly told it was $16 per day, with a re-entry fee. The next day, I discovered the charge was actually $60 per night. When I raised the issue, both valet staff and management admitted they gave me incorrect information but said there was nothing they could do because the garage is “separate from the hotel.” That is unacceptable—guests rely on hotel staff for accurate information. Offering a late checkout and free breakfast did nothing to resolve the actual problem.

Because of this, for the second night I chose not to park on property at all. Instead, I parked down the street at a competitor’s hotel using the iParkit website and paid $30 overnight, less than half of what The Starling charges. That alone speaks volumes.
The room itself was not clean. While it looked nice at first, closer inspection showed dirty carpets, unclean countertops, and no basic glassware—not what you expect from a “luxury” Curio Collection property.

Service continued to disappoint. We requested a bucket of ice for champagne—something that was provided without issue during previous stays. This time, we were told it was not available. After being redirected to the bar, we waited over 10 minutes just to be acknowledged in an almost empty restaurant and ended up with two rocks glasses—still no ice bucket.

To make matters worse, housekeeping skipped our room entirely the following day, despite the room already being less than clean when we arrived.

I’ve been a Hilton member for over 20 years and have stayed at many upscale Hilton properties. The level of service here does not reflect Hilton standards, especially at the prices being charged. The decline since our last stay earlier this year is noticeable and concerning.

This stay was a waste of money, and we did not enjoy our time at the hotel at all. Based on this experience, I cannot recommend this property.

Great hotel & service ... but the parking is a total rip-off!!! The hotel has no parking and you need to park in the adjacent public parking, which states it has a "maximum of $30 per 24h period", but if you're not out of the garage by 5am, then you're charged $60 for overnight parking!!  Total rip-off and detracts greatly from an otherwise very pleasant stay.  Hilton does not validate any portion of the parking either, not even for Hilton Honors members like us.  Shame on Hilton!  We'll never stay at this location again.

We had an awesome stay at The Sterling Hotel! The atmosphere was lively and buzzing, with so many great options for food and entertainment right around us. There was always something to do, which made the experience even more fun and memorable and the hotel was dog friendly- with a dog park 5 minutes away!
What truly stood out, though, was the amazing staff — everyone was friendly, welcoming, and incredibly helpful from start to finish.
We couldn’t have asked for a better experience and would absolutely stay here again. Highly recommend!

Phenomenal hotel with a great bar/restaurant.  Service exceptional and dining at the restaurant felt like I was in my living room. Highly recommend!

This was indeed the best hotel i ever stayed at in the city we got the suite on the 26th floor

Everything was great except customer service and the fact they held and kept $607 which was suppose to be for incidental reasons and my money was going to be returned back. I had to pay for 2 different deposits.

Great location and kind staff.  Very crowded though.  Rooms were okay except our sink was clogged and the water smelled like mildew.  Only had one caffeinated coffee in the room.  Not cozy at all.  We used to stay here often over 20 years ago but no more.  Cancelled another stay and moved to another hotel near the symphony.  Plus is that there are a lot more good places to eat nearby than 20 years ago!

Update: in fairness to this hotel, I noticed on another visit to the Atlanta Symphony, the water at symphony hall ALSO tastes like mildew, so it’s probably the tap water in the area.

I’m not one to leave poor reviews, but holy hell the service of this hotel is disgraceful. First, we were given a $30 hotel credit for being Hilton Gold members. But we couldn’t order drinks for room service - you had to go down to the bar. We got $18 (EIGHTEEN DOLLAR) fries. Second, we called for toothbrushes,  twice. THEN, we were automatically charged for valet parking when we were never asked if we used valet. We didn’t. We used self parking. I expect more from Hilton.

Alright let’s get into the good the bad and the straight up ugly.

The good: The overall aesthetic was wonderful. We came during Christmas time and the decor was simply beautiful. The room was great!! Very dim as it could use more lighting especially when it’s dark out but overall we enjoyed the room. The bathroom and shower were awesome! No complaints! We loved that the hotel was connected to Politan row. It made getting dinner or lunch super accessible and easy. The food inside Politan row was next level and deserves it own review of 5/5 stars. The location puts you smack dab in the middle of some awesome restaurants that are also walking distance.

The bad and the UGLY: DO NOT I repeat DO NOT stay here if you plan to have a car and you need to park anywhere on site. Valet will run you about $75ish a day and parking in the attached garage will cost you just about $30 EVERYTIME you leave. With $60 being the grand total if you stay overnight in the garage. This definitely hit us by surprise. If we had know how much we’d pay just to put our car somewhere overnight we wouldn’t have stayed here at all. The rate for the hotel itself was awesome just to have anything we saved be overtaken by parking fees. The amount we paid in parking was almost as much as we spent on the room itself. I really wanted to give the hotel a full 4 stars but really feel that the crazy parking fees negatively affected our overall impressions of this hotel.

Overall: is this hotel lavish, cozy, in a great location with a decent nightly rate?? Absolutely. I implore you to research parking beforehand as it could sway your decision to stay here. If we stay here again we will not be using a rental car and we’d prefer to ride share. Now maybe the parking rates are competitive to hotels around the Starling but again…I hope others are better prepared for it than we were.

Upon arrival, the valet service was extremely slow to assist us, and only one luggage cart was available—which was already in use. We had multiple large items and were forced to carry everything to our room ourselves, which was inconvenient and unacceptable. As a Hilton Honors member, I did not feel acknowledged or treated accordingly.

The overall quality of the hotel was very disappointing and far below Hilton standards. The room was dated, and the windows appeared poorly constructed and in need of reinforcement. They posed what felt like a safety hazard, especially concerning my grandson—I was genuinely uncomfortable allowing him to stand near them.

This property gave the impression of a low-budget motel rather than a Hilton-affiliated hotel. Based on this experience, I will not be returning and do not believe this hotel should remain part of the Hilton brand.

Parking is very expensive. It's impossible NOT to get lost in the hotel once you've parked. The breakfast was  terrible. The location is dead in the center of an intersection and traffic is over an hour just to check in.

This is a long overdue review but I just want to thank Venice for the hospitality and customer service she provided my husband and I during his birthday trip this past November. From the moment we checked in Venice went above and beyond for us and made sure to follow up with us during the duration of our stay. This kind of customer service does not go unnoticed. If I ever come back I would definitely stay here again.

Great location and connections to other venues is excellent.

Update*** One year later, we decided to give this hotel and spa another try, and I have to say it was a much better experience.  The spa staff were amazing! I encountered kind and respectful staff, and the room—along with the view—was absolutely everything. My husband and I truly enjoyed ourselves.

The only thing I wish had been different was seeing a bit more renovation. The breakfast area, in particular, was disappointing. I expected it to be much nicer, but it felt like walking into a small, outdated restaurant rather than part of a beautiful midtown hotel. When you’re in your room with such an incredible view, you naturally assume the rest of the property carries the same vibe.

With a few upgrades especially to the breakfast area and some exterior spaces, The Starling could easily become the place to stay.

Previous: Today marked one of the most disappointing moments for me. It pains me to say this, but when kindness disappears, speaking up becomes necessary. I’m utterly dismayed by the service I encountered, and I hadn’t even stepped foot inside the hotel. Upon attempting to book online and needing further information, I requested a call from the hotel. The representative initially seemed accommodating, booking me for two separate appointments—a spa session today and a regular room the next day. However, the initially quoted price soon changed, which I dismissed as a misunderstanding. I was informed that my spa package included breakfast for two and free valet service, which left me feeling excited and reassured, despite any negative reviews I may have seen. Unfortunately, reality hit hard. It turned out that the spa package I paid for was merely a $100 credit towards my spa (370.00) so the additional paid for spa package didn’t apply)  expenses, and the increased price was actually attributed to covering the cost of valet and breakfast for two, previously promised as part of the package. This revelation only came to light when I called to schedule my spa appointment and was asked for payment information—a confusing turn of events. When I raised my concerns to the manager, I was met with a dismissive attitude and given only one option: to cancel. I was taken aback by the lack of sincerity, especially considering the importance of customer service. This was meant to be a brief staycation but has spiraled into a frustrating ordeal. It’s one thing to provide misinformation, but it’s another to refuse to address the issue or offer alternatives. Blaming a third-party booking group only added to the confusion, especially since I booked directly through the Hilton website and was contacted by their representative. Now, I’m left scouring online for alternative accommodations, determined to find a place where transparency and professionalism prevail. Despite the beautiful setting, the treatment of customers, present and future, leaves much to be desired. When paying for a service, the least one expects is clarity and value, which sadly seem to be lacking in this instance.

The stay was really nice. Beds were comfortable, room was clean and layout was good.

My only advice. Be careful of the valet, they are scammers. I was told when I pulled up by valet that it would cost $75/ night to park my car or $60/ night to self park at colony square parking lot. I chose to park at colony square. I Parked there for 2 nights expecting to be ultimately charged $120. To my disbelief , parking cost was $33 for those 2 nights.

Starling, please fire them valet drivers, that’s bad for business. Major turn off! And I won’t forget that experience. This occurred 12/14/25 at around 9p. The brother was a light skinned older gentleman. Bald headed. And I believe had a New York accent.

Location. Location. Location.

Charging almost the same price for parking as the room should be criminal

At check in with my partner the front desk service was 1/5 - we had to ask for 2 room keys even though clearly there were two of us. The water pressure in the shower was almost nonexistent, making showering quite difficult. It was incredibly loud. The cleaning crew was loud in the mornings, you could hear everything in the hallway, and the pipes make a loud banging sound every time someone used water. 0/5 recommend.

Really nice hotel. Part of the Hilton Curio collection. Very nice!

Perfect stay. Clean, comfortable, and great location. Staff were incredibly friendly. Would definitely book again!

Stayed at the Starling past weekend. Check in was a breeze, thank you Latrell! The hotels lobby is very nice and everyone is very welcoming. The room I was in was clean. Location was great , walkable to many places to eat (right next to a food hall). I'd definitely stay here again for the price.

Despite the smiling faces, service was really bad when I actually needed something.  Rooms were large but looked empty without much furniture and beat up like an old Hampton Inn. Bed wasn’t very comfortable and the heat and air conditioning alternating blasting all night. Great location, but I’d stay at other Hilton options next visit.

Good location — speaking of which, Rumi’s Kitchen is right around the corner. Must eat! Hotel is nice. Breakfast Buffett just okay. Politan Row is connected and a great food court to grab a fast, quality meal. Massage was great but short - 50 minute massage started almost 10 minutes late and ended in time. The It is expensive with a gratuity added in. Would stay here again if rate was right  but would eat brunch at Rumi’s.

Donte was absolutely incredible. From the moment we walked in, the energy, service, and overall vibe were on point. The drinks were crafted perfectly — my cocktail was balanced and smooth, and the espresso martini we ordered was honestly one of the best we’ve ever tried.

The pricing was great for the quality, and the atmosphere made it easy to relax and have a conversation without shouting. If you’re looking for a spot that blends good music, great service, and an upscale-but-chill feel, Utopia is the place. We’ll definitely be back.

Food: 5 | Service: 5 | Atmosphere: 5
Noise: Just right
Group size: 2–4
Seating: Indoor + bar area

The hotels location is always great. But the quality of service, safety, and cleanliness is horrible. Outside of the size of the room I had, my stay was not good. From arrival, EDDIE the valet walked past each night we were there without acknowledge me and my party. Instead sought out "other" patrons. The front desk clerk as well as a female waitress in the lobby restaurant checked on all guest except me while there. This was eventually addressed by Dontrell the bartender in the lobby which as able to get the manager to discount our meals. Our room had so much condensation from the windows it appears as rain was pooring down the walls. The shower had mold so we had to be moved to a room across the hall. Then you have random people coming in and out the hotel area, that aren't staying there, but just soliciting other patrons. Overall poor experience HORRIBLE.. Definitely don't recommend.

I want to be completely positive but I cannot. The location is the best thing about this hotel.
Service at the front desk is lacking. I was charged $4.00 on my card after having  checked out for 2 days. When I called to inquire, the front dear cut me off saying that if I drank the water bottles in the room ($2 each), that could have been it. I did not. I took the time to bring 2 gallons of my own and did not touch the water bottles in the room yet I was charged. This is not about the money, it’s about the concept! How rude to assume and charge someone? I have called twice and that charge is still on my account. It just leaves you with  a disappointed feeling and not wanting to book again or recommend this place.

On another note, the parking is definitely overcharged at $75 a night. At least they are upfront about that, but completely taking advantage of guests.

First time here, I love it. My only issue is the shower door was only half a door, so water got all over the floor.

Nitosha made our stay a 10/10. She’s the best server I’ve ever encountered!!!!!!

The beds and pillows were amazing! Need them at home 😊 service was great. Good location. Parking was over priced

Our stays been mediocre at The Starling
Kinda bummed that the hotel didn't really do anything to spruce up the room since it was our 3rd anniversary weekend
Every year my husband and I travel/visit a new city to celebrate and this is the first time that a hotel we stayed at didn't really do anything to help start off our celebration weekend. No bubbly. Not even a cookie or slice of cake or anything. The other hotels always had a little something something, but note to self: not at The Starling in Atlanta

Stay was Great, our room just needed a microwave But Ms.Tosha was very helpful, she was off the clock and still went out her way to help me and my fiance.

I had an amazing time! Super clean, the staff was very helpful,  and has lots of things to do! Beware there is a $200 hold on case of emergencies or room-service (which was amazing!). There's so many restaurants nearby, you'll love this place!

Nice hotel. Friendly staff. Clean. The price tag on the drinks at the bar is absolutely insane but they were great!

A great location & an excellent hotel with awesome decor and well-thought out facilities.  However, this hotel's greatest asset is its staff. My experience was superb & beyond my expectations. From my  initial interaction with Enoch & the valet team... to my check-in with Michelle & the front desk concierge ... to breakfasts with Nicole & the kitchen crew - EVERY interaction with ALL staff was giving positive vibes & energy.  In addition to a raise/ bonus - I suggest giving them shares in the business..... I mean, they already treat it like it was their own 🤷🏾‍♂️. Well done team - we will definitely be back!!!🖤

This Will be my Hotel of choice every time I Visit Atlanta Georgia....

Natasha was so amazing we had heard about her at this restaurant but we did not expect it was gonna be like this. She came in and showed us so much love and dancing all night. It was amazing. She changed our work trip into experience all right all true.

The Starling Atlanta Midtown, Curio Collection by Hilton is a stylish and modern retreat right in the heart of the city. The atmosphere blends upscale comfort with vibrant Midtown energy, making it perfect whether you’re here for business or leisure.

Rooms are sleek and well-appointed, with great views of Atlanta’s skyline. The staff are attentive and welcoming, ensuring every detail of your stay feels special. With its prime location near dining, nightlife, and cultural attractions, plus the chic vibe throughout the property, it earns a well-deserved five stars.

My experience at the hotel was ok until post-checkout.
They take a security deposit of 100 dollars upon check-in which is understandable.
The problem is that I have contacted the hotel 3 days ago now by email to enquire about my deposit that has not been refunded yet  although I checked out on Sunday Morning.
I still did not get any answer which is unacceptable.
Contacted them on their social media page as well and surprise, no answer as well.
Be careful with your deposits and make sure to insist during check out at the reception for it to be released on the spot. I definitely should have done that.

My wife and I stayed at The Starling Midtown for our anniversary, and unfortunately the experience was very disappointing. From the start, we had to wait about 10 minutes at check-in for a manager to come unlock the room, even though both we and the hotel had already confirmed the reservation.

Once inside, the TV didn’t work, and even after reporting it on the day we arrived, no one ever came to fix it. The fridge also wasn’t cold at all, so the $150 worth of room service food we ordered had to be thrown away. On top of that, the billing felt misleading, and there was zero communication about parking options if we didn’t want valet.

For an anniversary trip, the lack of basic amenities and the lack of any apology or offer to make things right from the hotel itself was extremely disappointing. The only reasons we gave two stars were the decor and breakfast.

We won’t be returning.
However, thank you to Hilton corporate for stepping in and making it right by offering us a free night, since the hotel never offered any compensation.

Overall, my stay at The Starling was decent. You can tell the hotel is a bit older, but the accommodations were still comfortable, and everything was clean for the most part. The building itself is beautiful, even if it feels a little antiquated.

The buffet breakfast was convenient and had a good variety, though definitely a bit overpriced for what was offered. The staff, however, was truly pleasant. Kev at the front desk was amazing — friendly, helpful, and made the check-in experience seamless.

All in all, I was satisfied with my stay.

Nice decor, good location next to the park, strong showers. Beds are on the hard side and not for light sleepers as the walls are paper thin. Plus points is the link to the food court and interesting decors, fast lifts never needed to wait. I really liked the fruit infused waters in the lobby and the numerous comfy seating areas around the lobby and on each floor.

This hotel is amazing!! The location is top tier!!  Starting with valet all the way to room service!! Sheree the manager went above & beyond!! Raymond & Jamerion was my valet!! They have outstanding customer service. The whole squad treated me like royalty!!  I can’t wait to visit again. 🫶🏽👌🏽💪🏽

I love everything about this hotel. I have started staying at the Hilton Curio collection of hotels. While this hotel is large it has a boutique feel. What I enjoyed the most is the artwork. The art in the hallways and rooms are joyous. The elevators are wallpapered to make you feel like you have entered a secret garden.

I have severe allergies and the Hilton is always able to provide me with a fragrance free experience. You need to call at least the day before to make sure housekeeping prepares a room for you. The first room had fragrances and the staff quickly rectified this.

Lastly, the location is perfect. It is in the middle of bustling Midtown. Quick access to museums and world  class restaurants. There is also a food court and Starbucks inside the hotel. For me, they hit every note, perfectly.

The location and lobby aesthetic are good. However, they desperately need to invest in deep cleaning the rooms. The closet was stinky so I had to put my clothes on the sofa and spray my fragrance all over the room. On the first day, I left a note requesting that they clean and deodorize it, but nothing was done. The shower has mold. When I checked out and mentioned it, the staff just said one word “Sorry.” No accountability. The views and the valet parking personnel are great, though.
I wouldn’t recommend it and I understand now the other reviews, it definitely doesn't meet Hilton standards.

Sweet hotel nice located in Midtown Atlanta

There were no menus at the bar so I just ordered a house white wine. The service was subpar and the wine turned out to be $31 for one glass. I was absolutely appalled. I will never be back here again, I can't believe the extortion I just experienced.

I recently stayed at The Starling Atlanta Midtown, Curio Collection by Hilton, and it was honestly one of the most disappointing Hilton experiences I’ve had — especially as a Diamond member who travels almost every week for work and leisure.

When I checked in, I asked the front desk about a room upgrade (which I usually receive as a Diamond member). I was told no upgrades were available because I had already chosen my room. However, when I checked the Hilton app, I saw plenty of upgraded rooms available at that exact time — very frustrating, but I didn’t argue.

That night, I couldn’t sleep because the room above mine (I was on the 21st floor) had constant noise and banging until after 1 a.m., then again early in the morning. I had to request a room change the next day.

Later, I asked the front desk for housekeeping service to refresh the new room and change the sheets. When I came back around 11 p.m., they had only cleaned the restroom — trash wasn’t emptied, no water was provided, and the sheets hadn’t been changed. To make things worse, I found hair on the bed and even my dental retainers on the floor.

I reported all this to the front desk, and they told me a housekeeping manager would call me, but no one ever followed up, even though the hotel texted saying a manager would reach out.

On top of that, one morning I requested my car from the valet and had to wait 35 minutes for it to show up, which caused me to be late and affected my work schedule.

For a Hilton Curio Collection property, this experience was far below expectations — from the lack of professionalism to the poor housekeeping, long valet delays, and zero follow-up. Definitely not the level of service I expect from Hilton.

Sharolynn, Milton, and Sam were such great help. They were able to accommodate my allergies (soy, peanut, alpha gal, and milk) and were very pleasant to work with. Highly recommend staying here if you have food allergies. They will make sure you eat.

The decor is great, and the staff is amazing!

Carpet needs to be cleaned in rooms. Hot water was and issue.

This is a really nice hotel in a great location near Piedmont Park. The food and drinks were very good. There is a $500 incidental hold on credit cards which is pretty high and unnecessary. The rooms could use more lighting. It was really difficult for me to pack in the early morning hours with all the lights on and it still being very dim. Even in the bathroom. The gym in the basement level is really nice. Small but there’s a lot of really useful equipment. The housekeeping staff were amazing. I always came back to my room being tidied. I really appreciated that. The front desk and valet staff were incredibly welcoming and kind as well. A good experience with some minor inconveniences and I still highly recommend.

Nice hotel with a chic vibe. As extras, there are several photo-worthy settings where you can take some nice memories. It’s located near major attractions, entertainment, and restaurants. A great location if you’re visiting, or in my case, taking a much needed break from real estate. Staycations work well here.

Very nice, clean hotel in a prime location with lots of food options inside and around the hotel. Public parking in a lot is a bit unethical but we made it work. I would stay here again.

This place is a whole vibe you do not want to miss. Luxury, elegance, and pure wow from start to finish. The moment you drive onto the grounds, you’re greeted by the friendliest staff and stunning, modern surroundings. Step inside the hotel and you’ll be blown away by the decor, the energy, and the overall atmosphere.
If the DJ is there, get ready for a fun night. After checking in, we headed to the elevator and were amazed by the sleek, modern technology. One tap on the screen sends you straight to your floor, no buttons inside at all, which was pretty impressive.
Our room had gorgeous city views, was spotless, and felt incredibly relaxing. This hotel is perfect for anyone who loves to walk and explore. Whether you’re bar-hopping, visiting parks, shopping, dining out, or just handling business in style.

Chefs Kiss 💋

Great location to Piedmont Patk for our festival. The hotel was well appointed,  beautiful and very busy. Live music DJ weekend nights, lots of lounge areas, a speak easy, quick access to the food court which had music, bar and a dozen amazing food spots to choose from. The bar/ restaurant in the lobby had a limited Starbucks coffee menu, and snacks for purchase in the lobby. Breakfast was $38/pp with limited continental offerings so we went so Saints + Council next door for brunch which was fantastic. We also had Serena Pacifico which was equally yummy. The rooms were clean, with attentive housekeeping staff. Most of the staff was very friendly. The valet was a bit busy and slow, but super friendly. The nearby neighborhood had beautiful estate homes and Piedmont Park was 2 blocks away. We will definitely come back for this awesome experience.

I had a deeply unsettling experience during my stay at The Starling by Hilton. While I was still checked in and had only stepped away, hotel staff allowed someone I had explicitly said was not authorized to enter my room. Prior to this, there was a physical altercation between us inside the hotel—in my room, the elevator lobby, and the elevator. Despite these being monitored areas, I was told there is no camera footage of any of it.

Even worse, front desk and security staff showed little concern for my safety. Security never reached out to confirm my consent before allowing the individual in, nor did they follow up afterward. The staff seemed more focused on retrieving the other person’s belongings than protecting a paying guest’s privacy and security. Afterward, I discovered that my iPhone 17 Pro was missing from the room.

This entire situation left me feeling unsafe and disregarded. For a Hilton property, I expected far more care and accountability.

Horrible experience with their online reservation system and their on-site staff including the reservation and front office manager I made a reservation in September for two nights using my 34,000 Hilton points and cash. A few days later I had to add an extra day and they completely ignored my points on my new reservation and jacked up my rate from $340 to $ 459 per day. When I checked in, I asked the front desk if they could add my points to my reservation and asked if they could adjust the extra $ 131 per day they charged the extra day I added. The manager was called in and he simply refused to accept the points which I have earned over the year. He also refused to honor my original confirmed rate of $340 per day versus the $ 459 they were charging me for adding the extra day. Other than the front desk staff who tried helping me but had no authority to add my points or adjust my rates. The front office manager and the reservation manager were both rude and had a 'take it or leave it attitude". I was told since I made the online reservation (which I feel the reservation system's algorithm is programmed to get extra $$). For the record, I never upgraded the room when I added the extra day and I was confirmed the breakfast was included. So, when my daughter checked in on October 23rd and the next morning she went to have breakfast, she was told the breakfast was not included. This was another surprise. Having no other choice to remedy this, I have asked my credit card company to help me resolve this issue.  I wonder why this hotel has a 3.9 Google rating. Now you know why? Please pick another hotel.

The Starling was the perfect hotel for our wedding hotel block. They were very easy to work with and provided the perfect place for guests to convene. From hanging out at Politan Row, an after party at JoJo’s Beloved, to being able to walk to Piedmont Park for the wedding ceremony, it is in the perfect locations. The rooms were nice, room service was prompt and quick, and they even left some nice snacks for us in our suite the day of our wedding on the house. The small little details they took care of made our day so much nicer.

I stayed here 10/18-10/19 and I would give it 5 stars except for the fact that there was long stringy hair on the Toilet Seat, Bathroom Floor and on the ceiling!. The phone did not work in the room so I was not able to reach the Front Desk and was unable to reach them directly when I called from my Cellphone. Also the room smelled like Cigarette Smoke!. The decor is beautiful and I love that there was a lounge area onsite with a DJ so we did not have to leave.

I was there for a homecoming party so I didnt stay in a hotel room but the hotel is super modern and the staff was friendly!

The customer service was excellent. The room was cute and trendy and Tiny.

I would stay here again.

This location was great for the event my friends and I attended. There are many places in walking distance. The staff at the hotel were very kind. Anytime we needed anything the staff responded quickly. The valet staff were nice as well .The hotel has a very nice look to it. You can experience night life without ever leaving the hotel at the restaurant's bar and foodcourt area upstairs. The rooms could have a little more lighting but that may be the vibe the hotel is going for. The breakfast can get kind pricey. The parking is also expensive but overall it was a great stay and I would stay here again.

Hotel is in urgent need for revamping.

Everyone was friendly, helpful, and professional.

Floors were SO filthy & some linen had spots on them! Other than that nice room in a decent location & friendly service!

Beware! They oversell their rooms. If you plan to get into town late at night I would highly recommend finding somewhere else to stay. There are so many hotels in Atlanta, find one with less risk.

TV wasn’t completely mounted and falling off of the wall, plus the hot tub was cracked leaking on the floor when we got to room 302 so they gave us another room. The entire floor smelled like cigarette smoke and weed even though we were told no smoking. The hotel still proceeded to charge us for both rooms, website wasn’t clear and charged $50 security deposit per night instead of one time. We are still getting additional charges for said “security deposit” even after checkout draining our accounts when we are hours away from home. Rooms also do not come with garbage bags. I cannot recommend as I cannot justify how it is worth these prices.

Rooms could usevand update but they are very spacious! Location is ideal with Perimeter Mall only 5 minutes away!

The hotel staff was kind.
Lobby/breakfast area was beautiful. Gym was really nice. The location worked great for us. No parking fee was also a bonus. The view off the balcony to the pool was really pretty.
The room we had absolutely needs an upgrade. The air conditioner was not working. It was 78 degrees in our room. The hallway was even hotter. The carpets and couch were very dirty. The door to the bathroom didnt close fully. The mini fridge area had terrible water damage and the piece of wood beside it had a huge nail just sticking out. Also, there was a random pill left in our room upon checking in. The phone and TV in the room didnt work and maintenance wasnt available as it was late on Christmas night. I would love to love this hotel because the staff was great but the room was just dirty. Also, I paid extra for the executive floor and the lounge was closed for the holiday.

The best I've ever had

KENNY at the front desk was very attentive and extremely helpful.

The front desk agent Kenny is excellent, good service!!

Stay here every time I come to Atlanta.

Me in my wife book here had a bad experience I woke up Friday morning around about 8am I was proceeding to Warm up my
Kids some food I noticed a roach started Crawling out the microwave  went down stairs in try in talk  young lady she can’t do anything bout give me some points I don’t want no points I do want me a refund people was  smoking weed I could’ve smelled it coming in my room I will never book here again I did not stay until Saturday. I checked out early on Friday.

It's a great place to vacation

Love staying here! Comfortable and quiet

Great location, check in and out was a breeze. Within walking distance to grocery, fast food and highway. Convenient and comfortable place to stay. Nice bar area downstairs. The balcony is great and the bedroom with French doors is great.

Always choosing this hotel when I travel to GA for work! I love the rooms and services! Good selection of breakfast.
Top notch 🥰

Nice rooms and good breakfast

We were given a room that was occupied & walked in on them being intimate. (I have a video) When we got to our room it was dusty, had bugs on the tables/in the jacuzzi, & the trash cans didn’t have any trash bags. I also think this hotel is too expensive for breakfast to not be included or for the rooms to not be cleaned. Wouldn’t consider visiting this one again or referring anyone. Also it’s almost been a week & I haven’t received my deposit back yet.

Not that I care about any of this other than customer service, but I’ve stayed here 3x recently and … drunk people at the door talking about “parties upstairs”, clearly strippers arriving when I’m leaving for work, loud noises when I’m still sleeping, coffee empty, no more breakfast, rude responses to requests for late checkout when I’m in an “executive suite”.

Who would stay here other than someone wanting a cheap 70’s crash room?

Horrible experience. So if you come into a room and saw this what would you do? As soon as my husband turned on the kitchen lights and saw roaches. We were hoping they fixed the problem from previous reviews but NOPE. Front desk was nonchalant and wasn’t surprised. He was a bit rude and seemed to not care. For it to be a Hilton hotel we were very surprised but was refunded asap.

Great Experience as always! I have been a customer for over 10 years!

Tatiana helped us check in with breeze and the stay was awesome. Great value for money stay.

It was a good stay. Rooms a little dated, but good service and pleasant staff

We have stayed at this hotel numerous times, but always on the weekend.  This time I was in town on business and opted to stay where we had been very comfortable in the past. ||Starting with the positive…Ms. Darlene in the lounge is a true gem!!! She greets each customer warmly and makes wonderful dinner recommendations.  After a rough night, Ms. Lorraine at the front desk was a ray of sunshine!!||I checked into a room on 5th floor.  I started hearing knocking noises in the bathroom within a few min of check in.  I went to front desk and requested another room…maintenance came and decided I needed another room.  I moved.  The next room was on 6th floor.  I discovered when I went to shower after a sleepless night someone else’s open toiletries in the shower.  I skipped the shower!||The exec lounge was prob the worst I’ve ever seen.  It opened at 5:30, I was there by 5:45.  I found a half empty tray of cheese cubes and some kind of fried item..each piece had been cut into.  There were no cokes of any sort with the exception of Diet Coke.  I threw in the towel and went to lounge where I met Ms. Darlene.  After I had ordered, I then found out there was a shuttle (week days only) Little detail that would’ve been helpful.  ||The next morning after the sleepless night, I ran back down to exec lounge for breakfast.  The eggs were good, the bacon was undercooked, toaster barely warmed bread  but the worst was there was NO COFFEE!

Typical budget rooms. Location is the hidden gem of this place.

Great stay this past weekend.  Safety was on point as far as parking goes.  The premises were kept clean despite the weekend clientele.  I did not like the paper plates on the weekend but I understand.  Fortunately I was there Monday when real plates were provided.  The drinks were nice at the evening reception.  I would suggest better snack combinations.  There was pita bread with chicken salad, hummus would have been a better option.  Otherwise good stay. I’ll be back.

I chose the hotel for location.
This is the ONLY thing that this hotel has going for it.
The room is dated!  carpets are filthy, holes and worn out.  Bed was uncomfortable.
BE SURE to check in with the front desk so that you can become aware of their policies - if you don't and you are like me and just use the app to check in and go straight to the room you will not be aware that the F&B credit is not valid during the week because they have a lounge for elite members to use.  Apparently there is a sign at the front desk that notes this - but if you don't check in you don't see this.
The hotel did provide a credit for me - but it was very apparent that they did not want to do this.

Kevin is great, with excellent customer service. Thanks a ton for ensuring customer satisfaction. I will continue staying at Hilton Atlanta perimeter suites.

The whirlpool did not work in my room.
The young man working the front desk during the day could be more hospitable.

The night staff was incredible during check in, the lobby and parking lot were well lit and inviting.

The room was well worn down, from carpet that was worn down, bunched up, and tired to the lights that flickered and tv remote that didnt function and required the staff to fix it. That said, the room was spacious and for the cost was enjoyable.

The morning staff was however the largest disappointment. No one could be bothered to answer the phone, and instead of spending money to then have breakfast in tne hotel, opted to go out.

For the price this location and the room are good

In great need of renovations. This hilton is old and dated. My room had very old, warned amd stained carpet. Alot of rust on walls and in bathroom. The sofa was discolored and sunken in. All furniture was damaged. The best part of hotel is the gym. Would not recommend.

The hotel was clean and well-taken care of. Two issues - room was dated, time to get rid of the old tubs and create a larger shower. Also, bed was too firm I wasn't really able to get a good nights sleep. Overall, I enjoyed the property but until the beds are upgraded, I can't really recommend a stay.

Rooms are a nice size and great for families. My issue is that the walls are thin and people would yell in the hallways. Also the hotel had an event happening on one of the nights that we are here which was playing incredibly loud music that we could here word for word in our room. I went downstairs to let them know at around 9:45pm to let them know. They told me that I should expect that in Atlanta Labor Day weekend and that they rented the space until 10:30pm, effectively blowing me off. It is now 11pm and the music still hasn't stopped. I understand that they paid to rent the space, but I also paid for a room here to be able to sleep in, not listen to the wobble into all hours of the night hoping that my toddler doesn't wake up.

Nice hotel executive Lounge needs an upgrade of service and food options

The front desk is beyond lazy. Gus has zero desire to do anything other than watch videos on his phone. Stay in 90+ rooms a year, great location but the front desk staff isn’t helping me stay with Hilton. Marriott is looking like a better option every time I stay here.

I've been a Hilton member for years and this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Worst customer service by the manager Bob Belmonte. My necklace was stolen from my room, it was inside the bag with my bracelet and miraculous appeared inside the vacuum bag, after I reported it missing but only part or it. I was even told I must of dropped it somewhere else. He couldn't explain what happened to the rest of it. After telling him there is no signs or scratches of it going through a vacuum then he changed his story and said it was stuck in the front part, it never made it through to the bag..makes no sense. I asked him what he would do if this happened to his wife. He responded by telling me "I'm not doing that with you, I'm going to hang up now, you are responsible for anything that goes missing, how do I know your not wearing your necklace now? There is no proof of your necklace." I told him the charm from my necklace that you "found" in the vacuum is proof! He was extremely rude, definitely not manager material, and definitely not Hilton standards. I pray he changes the way he communicates with people. He never apologized for anything and hung up on me.

Upon check-in with the hotel the customer experience was sub-par. The front desk felt uninterested in being welcoming and it felt like we were more like an annoyance. We showed up 3 hours early that what the check-in time was and Hilton tried to get us with a 50 dollar early check-in fee which we denied. Their lounge for gold members although appreciated there wasn't any healthy nor yummy options however it was filled with Sodas which I think pleases most people.

Breakfast was not great, eggs didn't have good flavor, potatoes were stale and fruit wasn't fresh either. I could not finish my plate which i really regret.

The elevator's permit was expired and the whole 1st floor smelled like weed which was horrible. The one good thing i can say it that their gym was GREAT they even had a peloton and has been the best gym that I've stayed at any hotel of their class.

I am highly disappointed in this stay. I stay in Hilton hotels 2-3 nights per week. When I was about to check out The front desk clerk called the room and said that one of the housekeepers smelled smoke coming out of my room. I was already running a few minutes behind because there weren’t any trash bags in the room and I didn’t want to leave a mess so I had went out to my vehicle to get a bag to use for trash. Check out is at 12:00 PM and when the Front desk clerk called my phone in the room. It was about 10 minutes after 12. When she stated that the housekeeper smells smoke coming out of my room, I went to find someone to inspect my room before I left so I would not be charged. The first housekeeper I met do not speak English so she found the maintenance man for me. He came in inspecting my room and said no there’s no smoking here and went down with me to inform the front desk clerk that there was no smoke in my room and it smelled like smoke on the entire floor. When I proceeded to the front desk, the clerk told me she had charged me a $50 late checkout fee fee. I informed her of my reason why I was running behind due to the trash bag, not being in the room and also wanting to cover my tracks and not be charged for smoking when I wasn’t smoking. And she still insisted that I would be charged $50.I am disappointed at being charged and also the website states it’s a $40 late checkout fee so I’m trying to also understand how am I being overcharged? If this is the kind of treatment that I will receive from Hilton hotels, I will gladly switch to Marriott Hyatt instead

Final update: was given 20,000 points which is supposed to be equivalent to $100. Unfortunately that won't cover much since their hotels are 40,000 to over 100,000 points per night. I'd rather not give them anymore money.

Update: still no resultion to my problem. I was given no explanation as to why my reservation was canceled despite me notifying the hotel my arrival was delayed due to flight cancelation.  I received an email apologizing for the inconvenience and as a "courtesy" I was refunded the no show fee.  I want to know the hotel's policy on late arrivals and overbooked rooms. Is it first come first serve? No call back as of yet.

Unfortunately, I was unable to stay at the hotel.  My reservation was canceled by the front desk because (I learned later)they overbooked and needed a room. Even though the front desk was informed that we would arrive a day later. And we knew we would still be paying for that day.  They didn't care that we were traveling for a funeral the next morning, with 3 children or that our flight was canceled and we had to drive overnight from DC to Atlanta. I was told if I checked in virtually I could keep my room, so of course I did and received confirmation.  But a digital key wasn't released. I was told the next day by the front desk that I must have made a mistake and no rooms were available.  Customer service was only able to book a smaller room at a different Hilton, 2 beds for 5 people, no sofa bed. I originally booked a family suite with 3 beds.  Despite informing the front desk and customer service of my concerns over the weekend, they failed to follow up and the hotel manager seems to be in no rush to resolve this issue. You never expect to have these issues when you travel, but there are other companies that handle these situations better. I recommend you plan accordingly.

Was Greater than my expectations

Terrible experience here, this location was once a nice location to stay however the customer service has recently plummeted. Everyone is rude and disrespectful.

Nice place to stay with family. Near a lot of places

I have been staying at this hotel due to its convenience to my office. I have stayed here at least 50 plus nights this year. Absolutely one of the worst places in my opinion. Leadership is terrible and non responsive. I have reached out to the GM on several occasions and no response. The front desk staff is lazy and always on their phone and sitting down not willing to help. The food and beverage service and quality is terrible. Rooms are dated and worn out! Stains on carpets, couches and torn curtains. Looks like a cheap location. Hilton should be ashamed to have a hotel like this in their portfolio. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond member and extremely disappointed. May be time to move brands

Ask. For. Maria. Please. She is amazing!! I was having a crappy day until she served and greeted me. Customer service is what makes a place great and meeting Maria was the highlight of my day! 💯💯💯💯

AC broken, when I couldn't sleep, they charge late checkout. Do not recommend. Manager on site only sided with front desk without any consideration.

no issues

Loved my time there staff was amazing and our room was very clean and tidy. However the morning breakfast staff was short staffed and not so friendly. Just being honest

the room we had reserved was not ready, this hilton did not meet the standards of other hilton we have stayed in. we were very disappointed

No complaints at all

I stayed there for one night a month ago and it was a weird experience. Me and my dad experienced some weird things in the room. I woke up in the middle of the night to conversations next to me meanwhile everyone is asleep. My dad also said he seen a tall figure in the living room. Did anyone experienced anything like this before ?

Had dinner and drinks at the bar. Service was pleasant and food was ok. Will return another time.

Property would benefit from upgrades. Considering the area and company, I expected more and was disappointed with the quality of the furnishings in the room and hotel. Pictures online are misleading.

This hotel is old and has multiple issues.  The rooms are worn, old, carpet stained, furniture rugged and floors cracked.  Both elevators didn't work and we had to utilize the service elevators for most of our stay.  The staff was wasn't friendly and unhelpful.  The food in the executive lounge was a joke.  Basically the food was horrible.  This is the worst Hilton I've ever stayed at.

Nice hotel place, a bit small in rooms,

Good location,  free parking and rooms seemed cleaned

If you want to protect your valuables, I strongly advise against booking this hotel. I had jewelry worth over $500 stolen by one of the staff members who cleaned my room. I blame myself for not placing my items in the safe, but who really expects to leave their belongings behind and have them go missing?

I stayed at this hotel from June 6 to June 8, 2025. I live in Florida, and when I got home, I realized I had left a Coach wallet containing a watch, two gold bracelets, and a pair of stud earrings. I immediately called the hotel and was directed to speak with the manager. However, I never had the opportunity to speak to him directly; I was only contacted via email and informed that my Coach wallet was found but my jewelry wasn't.

I will never book another stay here, or at any other Hilton, ever again. 🤬

Love the atmosphere. Front desk was great !!
Dorian at the bar made me feel at home. !!  First time in ATLANTA I definitely will be coming back preferable Hilton Atlanta perimeter Suites

Kudos to the Front Desk
For all of you are amazing, and the bartender at the bar she is very
special
Absolutely loved her she made me feel at home
.y Experience was amazing. Amazing
I will definitely come back

Yikes, don't go with your family.
We stayed for 1 night and that is all I could have done. We used our Hilton points for a free room but disappointing we didn't use them elsewhere.
There was a lot of action at the hotel not kid friendly during the night time. The workers were not plesent. The room was dirty and sinks did not drain at all. The murphy bed was disgusting behind it. I couldn't sleep because of a beeping noise and finally figured out it was the fridge.  It stopped after I turned down thermostat on it.
We will not recommend this hotel ever.
Definitely not up to Hilton standards.

Excellent rooms with great front desk staff. Perfect location close to the mall and other facilities. Very reasonable prices considering the location.

We changed rooms 3 times due to dirtiness.  First room has blood on the sheets.  3rd and final room had mold in the shower , dirty sheets and the nightstands were dirty.

If i could rate more than 5 stars i absolutely would.
The reception staff were awesome, we checked in on 05/23/2025 after driving all the way from Colorado. These woman were super friendly, super polite and super helpful.
Room was pretty nice and comfortable too, only complaint was the sofa, when you sit down it kinda feels sunk in the middle and you cant sit straight.
Did i say how nice the staff were ? Highly reccomend, its deffo worth considering if you are in the area, its also in a great location. Grocery store, pharmacy store and resturaunts all within walking distance.

Tatiana was THE best during our check-in process. If I could rate my experience with her a 10, I would.

While I found the hotel comfortable enough and also clean, I did notice that a refurbishment would be a good idea fairly soon. In the corners and at the decor and furniture you can see that it at least appears to have been awhile since it was done last. I did find the breakfast to be reasonbly good and the hotel was in a good location for my purposes.

Very nice rooms. Clean and well maintained.  Breakfast very good as well.

We all had a good time. Quiet area. Nice breakfast and helpful staff.

Great stay, very helpful with suggestions for things to do

I am impressed I’m a Waldorf Astoria girly so you know my standards are set extremely high and Hilton always exceeds my expectations  this is exactly why I have to notably mention KEVIN S. He went above and beyond to service my mother my son his friend and myself when I say he is the main reason I wanted to write this review to spread the word this is the go to hotel if your in Atlanta he has to get a raise for his natural ability to making the stay away feel like home I was blown away instantly it felt so good how we were treated great job selecting this candidate the room was perfect the all day up to 10:40 pm room service the 7am-10:30am breakfast the location is perfect my son enjoyed a perfect birthday happy he has fine taste and found it

Older but nice hotel

Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites is a great place for everyone! Refreshing, spacious, and comfortable, it offers an ideal mix of relaxation and convenience. Each suite features a separate living area, making it perfect for both business and leisure stays. The hotel includes thoughtful amenities like an outdoor pool, fitness center, on-site dining, and free parking. Located near major highways, it provides easy access to Atlanta’s top attractions. Whether you’re in town for work or a getaway, the welcoming atmosphere and friendly service make your stay feel just right. It’s truly a refreshing home away from home.

Horrible Check-In Experience.

Wow - I guess this only used to be a Hilton Hotel. It's very shabby and long overdue for a refurb. When I checked into my room I was confronted by 85 degree heat, and a giant cockroach in the bathroom. When I went down to get a different room, the only issue the front desk wrote down was about the AC - apparently roaches don't even warrant noting. Certainly there was no apology, just a statement that it was "probably a water bug". Now, I have no idea what a water bug is, but I live in Florida and I know all about roaches - and I can tell you that this was a big sucker! Come on Hilton - you can do better than this.

I've stayed at the Hilton Perimeter several times. The staff is incredible- Aziz, David, Mr. Gus, Anciar and too many more to name always make sure you're comfortable and taken care of. The shuttle service and breakfast are wonderful perks. The gym is spacious, well equipped and clean. Rooms are a little dated but also spacious and clean, and having a balcony as an outdoor space makes the Hilton feel a little like home.

We had a pleasant experience staying over at this hotel. This hotel is very busy at the center of the city but the traffic is not that bad. Plenty of rooms. The room was quite spacious and had all the amenities we needed. Big bathroom. Plenty of lights. Parking was free and plenty of parking was available. Close to many restaurants.

We stayed here for one night on our drive down to FL. The Hotel was packed with lots of families. It took a while for us to get our room, only one elevator worked.  Breakfast the next morning was the best part of the hotel.  There was a Murphy bed in our room so the kids thought that was cool.  It was fine for the night.

Overall good experience! Room was clean, check in was quick, and room service was on point. Whirlpool was clean and worked great, but had a leak and the carpet next to bathroom got soaked.  Would stay again.

I was not pleased with the stay. I don't like when hotel staff comes in your room when they feel like it, and move things around

You know how the saying goes - "If these walls could talk."
The walls here are extremely thin.
I'll keep it PG about what I heard in 3D on the other side of the wall.

If you looking for real privacy. This aint the place.

We checked into our room 3/14 @ 8:00/9:00 p.m. after getting settled in w luggage we left and went to Taco Mac @returned a little after midnight. When checking my bed there was blood and round circular hairs on the linen. I called and reported it and was told I had to come get new sheets. We requested everything and they only had sheets available. No one came and got the soiled linen, it’s 9:25 a.m. and the linens is still in my room. Exposing your customers to blood borne pathogens is unacceptable and the solution is “free parking”. I always stay Hilton properties whether it’s for work or leisure. This is unacceptable. I requested assistance before posting this and was told the Housekeeping Mamager would address it.

My family and I came here to get out of the most severe path of todays tornado outbreak in Alabama.

Dark, dirty and smells! This is the only way to explain this place. Place needs a major update.

Clean room

My name is Beatrice, I would like to leave this review about the General Manager Bob. This morning I actually had the pleasure of meeting him after coming here after all these years. I must say it was a delightful and pleasant conversation. I chased him outside just to speak to him, and he stopped and gave me his time. He didn’t rush me off, he listened to my concerns, introduced me to his lovely staff and just left me in awe. What a great personal meeting I had with him. So I want to Thank him for being so kind to a stranger like myself and showing immediate, and heartfelt concern about my issue. Thank you.

My name is Beatrice, I have been traveling for business for the past year and Hilton Perimeter Suites is and always be my "Must Stay!" My Heart is overwhelmed by the Professional mixed with Genuine Care from Brandon, Lakisha, Mr. G Jackson Every single time that I Stay! Brandon,  Mr. Jackson , Lakisha and there's another beautiful young lady at the front desk ( I wish I knew her name) gives me that Ole time Southern Hospitality. My rooms are always clean, the front desk staff always accommodate my crazy requests, with Sweet patience. I'm a person that prays about everything and I am so Grateful to God for connecting me with the staff here, they make Sure I am comfortable and Happy about Everything. Even the bartender there's a Sweet and Beautiful Lady Ms. Doreen I believe her name is, I look for her every time I stay. She makes the Best Pineapple Patron drink Ever!!! She also, makes sure I am Good!  Then, there's Maria, she's a server in the dining area...Oh my Goodness she is just the sweetest also, and pleasant with her service ( I look for her too when I'm there. Being from out of state, Brandon & his staff makes me feel like Family. I will always recommend this place.
*** I wish I could remember the pretty young lady at the front desk's name because she also needs to be acknowledged. Forgive my mind please.
Beatrice Weed

I give this hotel a 2 star because the location is great and the decor was nice. However, the TV are highly outdated the are big and LG but we coulnt connect out neflix account like it said we could on the app stayconnect they asks us to download that was upsetting. We stay there for 2 days and didnt have hot water for most of it. I didnt see the point in changing room on the last day of check out so I took a very chilled shower that morning. You have to pay for breakfast which one of the visitors states wasn't worth it. Wish my stay was better for the money spent.

You just about have to arm wrestle someone to get coffee in the morning. Not really my kind of place.

Great staff. Love the room layout and the gym is great!

BUT they do not provide functional Internet for business users that access the Internet through a VPN. You have to login to their portal and enroll in their membership program. If you work for a large enough company, like I do, and are required to access the Internet through a VPN, this makes the Internet completely unusable, because you can’t access the Internet without going through their portal and you can’t access their portal without going going through the VPN which requires Internet access, so the Internet is not functional even if you pay for it when using a VPN. Thankfully, my phone has a hotspot; otherwise I’d be in quite the pickle not being able to use my laptop for 3 days. This isn’t super business friendly…

I love this Hilton!! It’s quiet and everyone is very friendly and hospitable. The location is ducked off but still close to the mall and eateries. This is always my first choice when in the Atlanta perimeter area!!

We are HiltonHonors members and always look for Hilton first.  The location and price was excellent here.  But there were issues that made our stay less than exciting.|Both elevators were out off and on all weekend - we had to use the service elevator.|(they did comp us a breakfast for our inconvenience which was very nice and unexpected).|Not once was I acknowledged as a Diamond member, especially upon check-in.|We were not offered the Executive Lounge at all. And I when I brought it up, it was closed for the weekend.|Gentleman at the front desk wore a mask, but only under his chin.  Not sure what the point was of that.|We had multiple rooms for the family.  One of the rooms has a bunch of hair in the bathtub when we checked in - so couldn't use it for a bath.  Not sure why it had not been cleaned.

Rooms are nice mostly. Some have some things missing in them like the refrigerator in my room was missing one of the door panels that hold in the larger drinks. Also the bathtub wouldn’t empty without holding the plug up.

We had quick stopover just for one night and got a good deal on Expedia. It included the breakfast. A perfectly adequate but not extraordinary breakfast buffet was over 20 dollars. The rooms are clean and large and you can walk to a number of local restaurants. There is a shuttle that will take you for free within 3 miles around. Get a deal that includes breakfast and this place is good.

Front desk and manager not willing to help modify a reservation a week in advance against their own policy. Found them very unwelcoming.

This hotel does not have proper accommodations for ADA. They were not helpful in any way and did not offer any solution. I was not able to use the facilities due to the lack of amenities for my disability. I would recommend any person with a disability not use this hotel. The customer service was horrible and the lack of empathy was insulting.

Also wifi is an extra charge on top of the room. Find a better hotel for the price.

I am very disappointed in the hotel front desk receptionist . She was very rude and was nasty to me Zykerria was her name . She was not very helpful at all to me . I was also lied on by this hotel stating that I stole a pillow and a comforter. And they have no proof of me taking these items on camera . The comforter here is so big where would I put a big comforter and big king size pillow . I will be take further action this hotel for the lies and allegations on me . I did not steal anything from this hotel . I am very displeased with how they have treated me .  I have been staying here for over 20 days . Why would I steal anything

Good location if you look for a place to stay in the Perimeter area. Hotel showed its age but overall clean. Diamond members got free hot breakfast and we were told the lounge was closed while we were there. My kids enjoyed staying at a Hilton because of free internet. Free parking is also a plus.

Enjoyed my room and stay

The room and hotel were cool until me and my husband were sitting in my car smoking a cigarette because this is a no smoking hotel. And we got the police called on us ( the police literally told us the hotel called.) they were very discriminatory the hotel not the police. They thought we were trying to break into peoples cars . We were literally just sitting in the car with it running because it was 32 degrees outside. I will not recommend this hotel to anyone especially POC.

Breakfast was good as per normal for the most part.

The location was great, the room on the other hand was awful. It’s seems that the room may have flooded at some point because the wood underneath the sink was rotted and looked like it had mold on it. We didn’t notice this until the next morning before checking out. also the jacuzzi tub looked like it wasn’t cleaned at all and the tub stopper was just sitting on the edge of the tub. Only one elevator was working and the hotel overall is old. will not stay here again!!!!

Loved the balcony... service was great.

This is a good business travel hotel; I love the location and stay here often with no issues outside of one elevator being down. Location: you are within walking distance of the grocery store, barbershop, and restaurants and less than 5 minutes from the Mall. I love the executive lounge and wish they would regulate the number of guests coming in with a diamond member.  Anytime I have had an issue, the front desk addresses it as soon as possible.  I prefer this Hilton over the "New" Signia by Hilton at the world congress center.  The rooms here are spacious, and I love the balconies.  I have yet to have an experience that would make me switch hotels; it's my home away from home now.

I was genuinely surprised at how old this property is. Frankly, I should have known. When they stated that the property had been renovated in 2016, that was code for old. The room had this dingy smell, yellowed light casings, mold along the shower seals, poor caulk job. Then, the customer service. It reminded me of McDonalds: young people who won't even look up to greet you. Please see photos. I am a Gold Hilton Honors member and I have never experienced such. Too bad I spent points on this place. Had I not, we would have left.

I should have listened to the reviews. I tried to contact someone before our arrival for a crib and couldn’t get anyone. I was so worried about cleanliness with two little ones. We are exhausted and I don’t have the energy to try to hunt down anyone, but immediately…. A condom box…. As soon as I open the door on the wall…. I pray to god we aren’t going to find more surprises and can at least get sleep tonight to rest up for the last of our roadtrip.

This hotel experience was the worst I ever had! After going downstairs to check out what they had for breakfast, our key card stopped working. We walked to the front desk 5 times for the front desk to reset it she finally noticed that it was not working.  She comes up to check, not working for her either, she has to call a tech.
Later that same evening, while cleaning up, a towel was placed back on the rack and the towel rack fell! No pressure applied!
The very next night, as I was sleeping I felt something crawling on me, I jumped up at 5 am to find a huge roach. We contact the front desk yet again! John seems unbothered and unapologetic! I asked to speak with a manager, but I was told none work on the weekend and I would have to call on Monday! Called Monday around noon, but none was on the property then. Just take you're business to another hotel nearby, it's so many in that area!

DO NOT STAY HERE
First of all, this is THE WORST Hilton Ive ever encountered. I paid good money to entertain my family for an early Thanksgiving in a suite with a kitchenette only to learn this is the tiniest suite I’ve ever had so #1 sleeping quarters were too stuffy not spacious enough fir a good night’s sleep and #2 the so called “kitchenette” is the same size and quality microwave and mini fridge you get at Motel 6. Why even call it a Kitchenette? Hilton vacation rentals have Kitchenettes. They are awesome and you can actually cook in them. This was very misleading and no pics of kitchenette only. #3 the view ….. of rotting lower level rooftops… not the view of the Atlanta skyline I paid for. #4 Broken things in the room like towel racks, #5 GERMAN COCK ROACHES. One fell from the ceiling into my hair, I called front desk, I visited front desk, I even asked housekeeping to come remove the half dead roach in our room.  No help, no help and no hell. NO MANAGER available at all ALL weekend???!!!!! Never ever again and yall need to update your furniture. I cannot wait to share the pics of this so called Hilton with all my followers on X, Instagram and other social media. Definitely didn’t pay $15 for breakfast at the roach Hilton either. We ate elsewhere !!!!

Linda the front desks needs to be fired ! Rude as hell who taught her to be in the hospitality industry extremely unacceptable and inappropriate how she communicates with guests!  And speaking of front desks all of them have HORRIBLE ATTITUDES LIKE your job has CUSTOMER SERVICE in the description!

The Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites is a great location. It's easy to find and the rooms are clean. I had no trouble checking in through the app and was easily able to access my room. I didn't have much interaction with the front desk so I cannot comment much on them. The parking lot was not great. They had something going on around the back which had a good portion blocked off, making finding a spot an absolute mess. I was in a room that had a whirlpool tub. Everything was clean and perfectly set up. I would definitely stay here again.

I had a problem they included breakfast in my reservation but it wasn't reflected in the property. I had to go to front desk to solve this issue. Tiara Johns was not a friendly front desk agent. While we tried to solve this situation with the representatives of my vip priceline account, and while she was with me knowing that my priceline just said we are calling the hotel right now. She was asking every guest that walk by if they need her assistance with anything, and she assisted another guest that happen to get behind me, she check her in at 10 am, ignoring that we are dealing with my situation first. So she had to answer the phone with priceline and tell them to hold while she help another guest. She should have take the phone call first because I was with her at the front desk finishing with me and then assist or offer help to another guest. This is disrespectful, she doesn't have any education. Very disappointing costumer service. 1 star and I have stayed in many Hiltons Hotel all over the United States.
Train your front desk agents to treat the costumer with respect and priority. By the other hand the breakfast staff was amazing, they were friendly, try to assisted me with all my issues. I think the waitresses staff had more maners and education than the front desk agent.
This complain goes towards the MANAGEMENT thanks for reading this!!

My other half and I stayed there one night on October 24. 2024 on our way to Savannah, GA. Hotel is nice and clean. My bathtub I had in our room was amazing, and check-in was a breeze being able to get a digital key. The only reason I give this 3-stars vs 5 is rude staff. I have worked in customer service my whole life and have background in the hospitality industry at multiple hotels. Front desk wasn't rude, but also wasn't helpful, but the woman working in the restaurant/bar that night (last Wed) about snapped my head off  (and gave me the nastiest look) for asking for silverware. I was so shocked, I chose not to even wait for it and just walked away. Customer service needs WORK.

Enjoyed our stay.  Nice location, rooms and facilities were clean. Fitness center has to be the largest I’ve been to at a hotel which was nice. Our room was spacious and comfortable.
We used the digital check in feature so only interacted with the staff to ask for additional bathroom supply and make a small purchase at the snack area.  Staff acts as though they are doing you a favor, they aren’t rude but they aren’t helpful either.

BE AWARE THIS LOCATION HAS BED BUGS!! When bringing this up to the hotel front deck and the assistant director Abiola nothing was done about it. I showed them pictures of the bed bug and the bites that k got while sleeping.. be aware about this when booking her they also they compensate for anything nor give their guest anything for inconvenience. Very lazy staff!!!!

Poor customer service. Unfriendly as well.

Rooms are nice and staff is amazing.

Nice and comfortable in a very convenient location.

My wife and I booked  a long weekend to attend a conference and have some much needed down time in mid September.  When we arrived we were met with the smell of marijuana walking up to the hotel entrance.  After checking in to our first floor room, I went up to the second floor to get some ice.  When I got off the elevator, the smell of marijuana was overpowering and seemed to be centered around the rooms near the ice machine.  Unfortunately, this was directly above the room we were staying in and the smell was coming into our room through the ventilation system.  When my wife called to complain, the employee told her "there was nothing he could do about it" even though she told him where it was coming from. He also said, "it's about to be legalized anyway, so you might as well get used to it". The next day, the front desk associate apologized and refunded the prior nights stay and offered to give us a full refund and we "could find another hotel" if we wanted.  A co worker of hers stated that "every hotel has people that smoke weed and they can't stop it".  We stayed again Saturday night only to have the same experience again, albeit this time it was overpowering  cigarette smoke.  The next morning we decided to check out a day early due to the issues and requested a refund but were rudely refused.  We were told there would be a manager there Monday and we could speak with her.  There was NO manager in the hotel until Thursday and she stated she would not help us because "they offered  us another room AND a full refund and we refused the offer".  BEWARE!!!  This hotel apparently has no management oversight,  the employees do whatever they want whenever they want and then blatantly lie to cover themselves.  Hilton Dunwoody NEVER made this right but an appeal to Hilton
Corporate was successful.  My wife is a Diamond Member and we have NEVER experienced a Hilton as poor quality as Hilton Dunwoody Perimeter in Atlanta.  Save some time and book somewhere else.

I would never stay here again because of concerns with their financial handlings. Staff were friendly in passing - and helpful in resolving our room issue once requested in-person. Location was good for what I needed. I booked the room a month in advance (My booking costs, over the phone, also included 2 breakfast vouchers - $10 I think, that doesn't exist).

However, constant "system issues" and mystery charges that don't "exist" in their system (still have +$400 charged to the card I checked in with). No incidentals I have tried resolving this for over a week and I get pushed to the next person's voicemail, where they don't answer or return calls. I would advise against staying here. From the moment I checked in, I was told the room wasn't ready. I was extremely concerned because I was having surgery in the AM and needed my room by the check-in time. Suddenly, there was a room available. Once I got settled in, I realized it was not the two beds I was charged for (will address later). About 20 minutes later I hear a key trying to get it in. I wasn't dressed, so I ignored it assuming they would realize they were in the wrong room. Boy was I wrong. A man walks into my room with his keycard on his phone. Apparently, he picked the room the day before....here I am, also assigned to the room. I call downstairs they apologize..."system issues." 10 minutes later they called back and asked what my name was..."system issues."

My family arrives the next day (I am in the hospital) with inadequate bed space. They addressed it with a nice lady at the desk that said they would have the room I booked by the evening. I'm not sure where it went wrong, but I was charged the price for the larger room, then charged another $404 (unknown) and $26 (unknown). All charges they say they don't have record of. At this time I've had a small amount of my room over-charge reimbursed, but the mystery charges will have to go through the bank and maybe Fox5 - just can't get help from the hotel! When I checked my card(s) after my stay I found the total over 1k for 2 nights with one bed and 1 night with 2 beds. My reservation was for $607.

Even if everything had went as planned they still were planning on charging me $20 more than what my reservation that was emailed to me stated which included fees and taxes....crazy.

EDIT: I contacted the email address below. They proceeded to tell me there was not record of my transactions after their "investigation." I sent them screenshots of the charges on two different cards. They then told me they needed the full statements to prove the validity. So, I sent my personal information to them. I suddenly get an email from another person stating this isn't my case, with the person CC'd. This individual now has access to my bank statment and personal info. Once "proved" that they significantly overcharged me, it takes another 30+ days for a check to be mailed. BEWARE!

DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!!!!!

DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!!!!!!!

DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!!!!!!

The rooms are sub par, stinking carpet, broken sinks, bad plumbing, hair in the tubs and the front desk staff “do not care”.

The property manager Anna do not return calls regarding issues & cleanliness at this property!  HILTON and its brands DO NOT  value their customers!!!!

DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY!!!!

I stayed at the Hilton Atlanta Perimeter Suites from the 11th to the 17th of September 2024. The property is located in a very convenient location, 2 blocks from the Perimeter Center and about 0.7 Miles from the Dunwoody Marta station offering excellent connectivity to all of Atlanta and Atlanta Airport. The Front Desk Staff and the serves at the Dunwoody Grill are friendly and efficient, and a special shout out to Gus from the Front Desk.| However thats where the good things end. The property is in dire need to a make over. A lot of things just dont work. Be it one of the two elevators in the property, of the refrigerator at the Executive Lounge. Seriously, you cant fix it for 6 days ??? I also heard guests complaining about mold in the room, and while my room was just about Ok, the overall experience felt like a waste of money.|The rooms have bed covers with holes in it, and despite my requests, i received housekeeping only on 3 of the 6 days of my stay.|Definitely better properties in the vicinity, hence avoid whenever possible

Horrible service, horrible cleanliness, bad room service, bad food, hotel is freezing cold ALL THE TIME, they would not provide me with clean bed covers for 4-5 days straight!! The cleaning lady saw me sleeping in the room and deliberately tried to wake me up to clean!!! Restaurant is almost always closed!!! They won’t even deliver items to your room and they will ask you to come pick it up from the front desk! Worst hotel experience in my life anywhere in the world. Trash management.

Great hotel that was convenient to the Braves stadium. Staff were great and free parking is always a plus. Walking distance to a Walgreens and bagel shop.

Only flag to future goers, there is no indoor pool or hot tub as other pictures suggest. It has since been closed in for a very nice gym. There is only an outdoor gym.

I loved this hotel. Quiet area but plenty of places to eat nearby. The room was clean the staff was excellent. I would definitely stay here again

I don't right reviews but when someone gives you the treatment of a  king u have to say something David did everything I needed before I even asked for it we need more people in service like him thank you david

Aged building but clean. I had no issues in my room though others did. I called for towels and never received them lol room service food was delicious and fast. The ppl at the front desk were super friendly but not very professional. I had no idea where I was going or that there was room service available or where the gym was. But all in all I might stay here again if I had to.

The rooms are spacious and nice love the balcony. The staff was very attentive to our requests. There was an incident that required us to leave the room immediately, the front desk was very helpful and concerned. Kory Ford, at the front desk is the g.o.a.t., he was concerned, remidied the problem immediately and checked on us. The General Manager on the other hand never reached out to me and instead of waiving the entire three day stay amount because of the problem, he took 2 days off and charged for our final night, that told me alot about his lack of concern for the customer!

Whatever you do don't bother the front desk service he will show you, you're bothering him.

Front desk was great.  Housekeeping and restaurants/executive lounge not so much.  Mr. Gus at the front is awesome as well as the manager for the executive lounge.  However the staff seems to indifferent if not rude.  Rooms are spacious,  carpets could use some cleaning.  Great location,  super safe and convenient to restaurants and stores

I truly enjoyed my stay! It was a beautiful room (suite-style) especially for the price. It was clean and their bar was opened until 9:30 p.m. I love that check out is at 12 p.m. and the location was nice. Surrounded by shops and a Publix.

This hotel is a classic! French door to the bedroom, actual balconies, huge bathrooms, sofa with a coffee table! We had an excellent experience here! They even have Murphys beds built in if you have more family/friends! Kory was amazing at the front desk, very professional and helped us with everything we needed! Breakfast was amazing, very nice bar as well. Thank you Kory, and thank you everyone for making are stay enjoyable. Would definitely recommend for anyone visiting the Perimiter area!

The location where the hotel is it's great and the service was good very nice people working at the time however this property is OLD and has alot of MOLD.... not sure about all around the property but the room that I had did not make me happy. I got in late my first night and didn't really inspect the room however the next night I noticed a huge spot on the window that was so bad you couldn't see out the glass then up in the ceiling near the sliding curtain there was mold cracks and water stains in the area near the vanity there was something I cant even describe on the carpet it looked like hair, dust and I don't know what else also so many spots in the ceiling of the bathroom which seemed to be mold in the shower and tub area and it was so bad I couldn't sleep so I called the front desk around 3 something in the morning and Matthew gave me a different room and this room had mold in the bottom of the closet in the room I just didn't use the closet at all I told my son we have to leave there so I rested a few hours because the beds were great and we left later in the morning..... I am now waiting on a refund but the third party I booked through said they could not get in touch with the front desk as of a few hours ago on 8/16/24 so I pray I am compensated for this mess. I have spoken to other people about this hotel and they said it was built in 1980 and really need to do some updates.... stay at your own risk

Lewis was the best shuttle driver. Provided recommendations and hospitable. I appreciate his attentiveness and quick response when called for pick up. It was nice to use this service and not worry about driving and parking. Will definitely choose here again.

I absolutely had a wonderful experience. I was displaced for 3 and a half weeks and spent them at this location.
ALL of the members of the front desk staff were always nice, helpful and courteous. Not just to myself but I also observed them with other guests when they did not know I was watching. I did not one time see any rude or unprofessional behavior. I actually passed this on to the GM personally.
Our room was comfortable (for such a lengthy stay) and always well kept.

We had a hot tub in our room, but did not use it often but it was nice to have the few times we did.

Even little special requests were granted by the GM and the staff. So, I would like to individually thank:
Tiara
Kia
Corey
David
William
and
Gus

I also want to thank GM Robert Belmonte for operating an excellent hotel and an more excellent staff.
(In full disclosure, I am a Hilton Honors member and I stay at Hilton brands throughout the country. I rarely give reviews, but this hotel was deserving.)

Great hotel!! Tons of space, great location, quiet hotel and friendly staff. Thank you our anniversary weekend was perfect.

Nice hotel but it's a lot that could be done about the cleanliness. Upon entering room noticed that they table was marked up in a way that made us question it's cleanliness. Tiles in bathroom were loose and falling apart. Floor definitely needed to be better mopped.

This whole hotel is a mess it's hanging on by a thread not worth what you pay please go somewhere else our room was falling apart the whole place was smoked out one working elevator with a leaking roof. No water at all in the gym rude staff disregards complaints they alledge that they contacted you when they have not I keep meticulous records. I submitted a formal complaint with the better business bureau dear business I dont not require a response back on this extra review this is more so for future people that consider your location you do not live up to the Hilton name this place and staff needs remodeling. Let me just add the pictures for it to be seen the conditions you think is acceptable there is a burn mark on the tub from a previously smoked room 90 percent of the other consumers were actively smoking let's just say it was not cigarettes and they did nothing. Stay here at your own risk the jetted tub wires were all exposed as the velcro front fell off literally

The rooms are actually very clean and a good bed. Expensive breakfast and common areas smell like weed all the way to the parking lot, but is a serviceable Hilton next to the perimeter biz district.

Rooms are very outdated, ac didn’t work, smelled like marijuana, doors didn’t shut good. Only 1 elevator worked! Do not stay! Dirty dirty

Marlise is excellent! She answered every question I had. My stay was amazing!

Random ppl sitting outside the hotel trying to stop you and tried interacting. One Elevator was down both days, so had to wait a lot for the 2nd elevator.  Water in the sink wouldn't flow thru.... always seems to be an issue.

I really enjoyed my stay. I will be back again!

Love love love!!! Everything was great only thing the front desk staff are very un welcoming

Very nice hotel with very attentive staff.  Rooms were great with working tvs and jacuzzi/jets in the bathtub.

Great location in Perimeter, but the hotel is dated inside. It needs an update.

Great area and the rooms were big, clean and spacious. Unfortunately, the service staff let me down. They couldn't deliver food or even water to the room which is understandable. But the male front desk staff member was incredibly rude and unprofessional. Lack of etiquettes. Overall, everything was great but the service brought the experience down significantly. Negative rating for the service.

Worst hotel I've ever stayed at by far. Reserved a suite with a whirlpool tub. As soon as we got the the room there was an overwhelming smell of mold/mildew, very humid and HOT. We turned the ac to as low as it could go (65) and it never got below 75 in the "coldest" area of the Suite (the bedroom part was in the 80s!) I was unable to sleep because of the heat and humidity and my asthma was triggered by the mold/mildew. Was told there was absolutely no refunds, so I either pay for another hotel or just deal with it. Bathroom had zero ventilation. The shower had such high water pressure that it actually stung the skin, so I had to bathe my 2 kids in the whirlpool tub, which compensated by having no water pressure. The pool is tiny, and I was bit by dozens of flys that drew blood. 2 nights of hell and they also do not have laundry facilities on the property, I was told to walk across to another hotel to dry our swimwear, which were still soaked from the pool the day before even though they were hanging up all in seperate spots. During our vacation we stayed at 6 different hotels, paid 6 seperate deposits and this was the ONLY hotel to keep part of the deposit, and after calling the front desk noone could tell me why. Over the years we've stayed at more hotels than I can remember, and again this is the ONLY hotel to ever keep any of the deposit. During this vacation we paid less for a full week at an ocean front hotel at daytona beach, and they had working AC!

This was our family's first time staying at a hilton, and after these 2 nights at this one, it's absolutely our last. I'd choose a motel 6 in the sticks over a hilton.

Gus is awesome sauce! So helpful and considerate. He was always available to assist and make my day brighter.

I usually don’t review hotels at all, but felt I needed to share this one. Not sure if the ac was broken or what but it was near 80 degrees in the gym, 78 in my room and 77 in the hallways. Only one of the elevators worked. Not to mention the hotel felt old maybe it’s just time for a renovation

This is my go too Suites there was only 1 person checking in people but GUS always takes care of me and he was working that line ...all in all my favorite hotel for a weekend get away. I wish they had complimentary breakfast

This hotel should not offer you a room with access to the executive lounge on weekends. It is deceptive because the lounge isn’t open on weekends. They charge more for the rooms that provide lounge access. If you’re looking for a nice room with a good breakfast included in the rate - book elsewhere. Do not support this hotel until they stop upselling on something that doesn’t exist!

Room was nice but there was mold in the shower.

This Hotel has Great location, and friendly service staff. The rooms are quite big and offer a lot for the price you pay. My only complaint is that the rooms are seriously outdated, this would be a five star hotel if it was completely remodeled.

The most comfortable bed I've ever slept in & if i wasn't busy celebrating my bday weekend, I swear I would have rolled in that bed all weekend! The host was very informative when he found out we were out of town & suggested places to go! The layout of our room was nice, I loved that we had access to the balcony! Separate shower & tub was nice, I just love this hotel! I can't say anything bad about it besides the fact of tripping when leaving the room almost every time bc it's like a thingy u have to step over but other then that, nice, lovely stay! This will be our spot for our ATL trips in the future! Oh yea, the full breakfast bar, delicious! The service is great as well!

Very nice place to stay. The hotel staff was friendly. The rooms was spacious and nice. The only thing was the are worked great but the bed room didn't get cold, might want to bring a fan.  Other then that I have no complaints.

Awesome location, clean and it smells amazing here

Not great for kids, at all. No way to stream in rooms, no options for TV other than basic cable or purchasing upgrade. Breakfast was way over priced and servers did not acknowledge us until it was time to pay. Bed was so uncomfortable and pull out bed was worse and small. Pool wasn't open at first, opened on second day. My children scrapped their feet on pool bottom. Best part of this hotel was the bartender, she was wonderful. Probably a good place if your in town to party and just need a bed to crash in.

So I’m a member of Hilton and I literally love the staff here , from Gus , Lewis , Kendra , my lil sis and also the amazing bartends and breakfast chef and lady’s and the waitress staff.
The house keepers and grounds men are very attentive to the areas.
I’ve been coming to this hotel since maybe 2011. I love the staff it’s a family setting , from the captivated front desk and their sheik style and personality’s ( they’re very open to the lgbtq family & the the willing to learn the correct pronouns..kendra she reminds me of the woman from Pvally her smile is captivating. lil sis I can feel her energy and she’s so angelic with her nails

Gus , I’ve known for many of years he’s direct he’s a man of his word!!!

The chef’s my Gurl she always say Frien smile Frien and makes the best omelettes their our

Tyler and his gumbo 10!!! Toes down amazing

The two lovely bartenders and also waiters their amazing:

The other employees our also equal! I love to feel like I’m home , they welcome you with memories and also great hospitality and energy.

Lewis and other drivers mane they gone get you their and also their amazing. And will stop and make sure you’re okay!!!!

Everything of this hotel is built off family and I love it and I love the room’s spacious, the breakfast is great , the best part is the balconies 💜 $50 incidental fee of course. Parkin free and mins from perimeter mall , Hammond park , reck center and also Marta

Great location for people in the hospital and great for family gatherings.

Thank you too the entire staff bob is the general manager: to kno him is to love him 💜💯 hope this makes you all laugh

Well polished and groomed staff 🎯

I left my AirPod Max (a significant item to be thrown in a bin) after checking out. Then I called many times, and the only answer I got “We don't have your airpod max,” while I am 100% sure it was here.

I'm a current guest, and I like the location of the hotel. The front desk service is adequate. I really like to enjoy the executive lounge. This is a nice feature of the hotel.

Two big negatives:
1. The fitness center is huge and has quite a bit of equipment. However, it is ridiculously hot. No air conditioner. I inquired about this twice and wasn't taken seriously, which is quite frankly unacceptable.
2. The hotel has a pervasive problem with mold and mildew. I had to change rooms it was so bad. It's coming from the AC or the carpet. Regardless, it requires attention.

This hotel has so much potential. However, its unwillingness to take guest feedback seriously makes it an inadequate stay.

I enjoyed my stay here. The front desk staff was very nice and informative(Kendra). The room was very nice, clean and spacious. I also loved the area that the hotel is located at very convenient and in close proximity to eateries. Also the area is quite

Excellent hotel in Sandy Springs area. Clean rooms, easy access.

WARNING ‼️ DO NOT STAY HERE’

We traveled from NJ and booked this hotel, to meet our daughter’s in laws. We booked with them, which we should’ve passed them up. The elevator was broke the second day of our stay and family and friends had to use the service elevator. There was a leak in the lobby, at the entrance. Breakfast ended way before to and from timeframe. Security hold is $50 per night. The staff were rude and unprofessional.

We placed privacy tags on our doors and completed the housekeeping services ourselves, placing garbage, used towels and sheets outside of the door in bags, so there was no need to service the room. On the second to last day, the staff went into our room and roamed through our belongings. We cancelled credit and debit cards cause the staff and front desk denied entering the room, then later said, the manager (Robert Belmonta) went in the room with engineers. Our water was on as we came back to the room, which meant, the housekeeping staff was alerted we were back into the hotel and heading back. We questioned the 2 housekeepers that were next to our room and they denied being in the hotel. Now Hilton is playing cat and mouse games on our complaint.

Black lady at the front desk during the day is nasty and butted into business she had no clue about when addressing. She said her name was Kendra Knott, but not too sure about that. Think she slick. Hotel is trash all over.

Rooms are dated and need some serious TLC. The brief interaction I had with the staff was pleasant, and the location is good for local events.

Checking in we had a rude front desk worker. We were also charged a (refundable) service fee that we were unaware of before arriving. It’s $50 a night they take directly out of your account and won’t give it back till you check out. We’re here on “vacation” with my two kids and taking them to the zoo and stuff and we were never disclosed of this information until check-in. So we lost $150 for our vacation. Yes we get it back but that money could have been used for fun stuff. So that was very disappointing. And the breakfast prices are insane! We were also disappointed the pool was changed without being updated on the website. The pictures show it as indoor/outdoor. Well apparently now it’s just outdoor and super tiny. It’s April 24th 2024 and they don’t open the pool till May. My kids were so excited to get to swim in the “indoor” pool. So AGAIN no communications and more disappointments. Overall the room was AWESOME. We got a 2 queen bed suit with a shower and tub. With a living room and little kitchen area. So that was a plus considering we had to sit in it when we wasn’t out and about with the pool being closed. So all this to say will I be back. Probably not…. It’s just not a kid friendly hotel. No one was friendly and I really take that kind of stuff to heart. No matter the business be kind to your customers. We drove 6 1/2 hours and get greeted with an attitude.

I used to stay here often for work until two back to back incidences with the manager that other reviewers mention. To start here are the positives - I love the location of this hotel in proximity to my office closer to Buckhead.  Typically the staff is always friendly. Negatives - the air coming from the wall into the room, no matter winter or summer, always has a hint of exhaust, to the point I was concerned if it was safe to breathe or not. I stayed in 30+ rooms in this hotel And that was consistent. Also the carpet and bathing areas are a bit worn down, but the rooms are nice and large. Lastly - the manager. She spoke to me in a tone that was completely unnecessary and quite honestly disrespectful. For what it costs to stay in this hotel, I expect better customer service.

The Family room suite was substituted for my original two bedroom reservation. However, the change ended out working just fine for myself and my daughter. The location was perfect for activities in Dunwoody and Brookhaven and the staff was super helpful. Their cherry trees were in full bloom when I was there a few weeks back.

CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIBLE! FRONT DESK MANAGER NEEDS TO BE FIRED. I AM DISGUSTED WITH HER ATTITUDE AND CUSTOMER SERVICE. I had a service animal and I was first told my dog wasn’t a service animal even though I had the paper work to prove it. Upon check in we waited for 15 minutes to check in because no one was a the front desk or picked up the phone. I had to walk around the hotel and find the front desk person. I was charged $200 cleaning fee and when I asked why I was being charged this and the front desk manager got an attitude and couldn’t and wouldn’t give me a reason. She told me it wasn’t her department and she didn’t know why. I tried to explain the issues I had with the front desk upon check in and she told me “what did that have to do with anything.” I listen to her talk to other customers as well and she had the same nasty attitude with them. The entire front desk should be fired! People are standing out front of the hotel smoking weed. You could smell nothing but weed everywhere in the hotel. I have been trying to get in touch with the GM or Housekeeping manager and apparently no one works there. I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.

If I would of read reviews I would of never stayed. I'm disabled and have service dog. My truck broke down and I'm dealing with lyme disease. I alerted the desk I was not well and I just needed till monday.
Last n8ght at 10pm on a Friday I was woke up so some woman screaming through phone that my dog was barking yet we were dead sleeping. Then threatened to throw me out stating I left mind you i can't walk well and I don't have my truck.
I was called a lier and was told I lied about being sick then laughted at explained I had service dog w papers abd yes they do bark to alert.
I was told service dogs don't bark?.
I'm a diamond member however I think Hilton and I are parting ways.
10 years of loyalty got me more aggravation cost me more money and possibly aggravated my condition.
It's too bad I love Hilton but I've never been discriminated against like that.
I still don't understand what I did.
They took my money without a problem.
Disabled
Broke down
Traveling
Sick.
Thought that's what hotels are for.
I'll be sure to pass on to AAA ADA. Ect.

Terrible hotel. The hotel is dirty and not updated. They gave my room away, so they had to send me to another room!! My tub in my jacuzzi room did not work and was dirty and rusted. The employees in the front are not helpful, especially the male manager who had a absolutely nasty attitude. Never coming back, choose a different hilton.

This place is dirty and the rude male employee is a complete joke

I will not stay here again. Service sucks, room was not clean.  The hotel is located in a beautiful area, I just believe whoever owns and manages this hotel does not care bringing this hotel up to the standards of the surrounding area.  Only one working elevator and there was a line daily with people checking in with luggage trying to get to their room.  Me and my family stayed here during the Easter weekend.  Hopefully owner of this property and management is reading this review.

Be careful which properties you entrust with your safety. Before booking a room here just look at the reviews. You will see that complaints about the front desk, roaches, mold, and filth are at the top of the list. Before any of that, you need a to stay at a property that you deem safe for yourself and/or family. If you are a woman traveling alone I would not stay here. It's not worth the cost savings. The African-American male manager is aggressive and full of hostility. He argues with women with pure hatred and makes you feel unsafe on the premises. The female front desk manager is aware of this and does nothing about it. I can't speak on how your stay would be if traveling as a male, but after seeing all the reviews with bad experiences I would stay away regardless of gender.

Stayed one night while daughter graduated from college.  My daughter, sister, niece and I all stayed in one room together.  The thermostat would not go below 68 degrees.  There are no plugs/outlets on the outer part of either queen bed. I saw a couple of Asian beetles on the floor. But my main concern is that my sister and I both now have bug bites on our feet.  Don't know if they are bed bug bites but they do look like it.

I would not recommend staying here.

I was given a price for two nights. Called in advance to cancel one night because of the change of plans, told the lady we would be there one night, and asked to send me price confirmation.  She never did. After check out, when I received my email receipt, I got charged the price for two nights for fhe price for one.   The lady totally changed the rate on me and did not inform me. Price gouging, operation here, incompetent dishonest staff. It's impossible to get a person at hilton honors on the phone.

We had a few hiccups during our recent stay here May 1 - 3. Upon check in there was confusion regarding the fact I had already paid with my credit card. It got cleared up but that was only after the hotel manager had to show the clerk the steps needed to find third party billing. Also this time around the coffee maker ended up being an overflow in our room. We couldn't tell if there was water already in it, and the directions were on the inside and were barely legible. On positive notes, hotel breakfast was wonderful with a very hospitable staff and the food was hot and delicious. The housekeeping staff were also courteous and gave us extra towels and bottled water when we asked. The beds are spacious and the linens and pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom size is good, although there was no blow dryer. Shower pressure was perfect. We will stay here again if feasible for us costwise and timewise. Sincerely, Renee

We were so pleased with our overnight stay at Hilton Residence Inn liberty park in Birmingham that I couldn’t wait to get home and write a review. This was an overnight trip that was planned to help our daughter get moved in to her new dorm at UAB for the start of the school year. Everything about the hotel and our stay exceeded our expectations. Upon walking in, we were delighted at the cleanliness and the aesthetics of the lobby. Our check in clerk and staff were friendly and helpful. We loved the spaciousness and cleanliness of the room. The king size bed was very comfortable and the shower was perfect. My daughter and I enjoyed the indoor pool as well. We will be making a few trips Birmingham throughout the year and we’ve already decided we will stay here! Also, the next morning we ate breakfast in the lobby and it was beyond par as well.
The hosts were friendly and hospitable. The food perfect temperature and the coffee was the best hotel coffee we’ve ever had. Thank you for making our trip so wonderful!
Sincerely, Renee and Brian Moore
PS Go Blazers!

The location is beautiful. As a Hilton Honor’s member, I was disappointed with the room, thought I was in a horror film. Every time the AC would kick off it sounded like a squeaky door like someone was in the room, until I figured it out. Then when I went down for coffee and breakfast I discovered it’s not complementary. I was appalled. If Hiltons going to put their name on something they need to do a better job. Breakfast was horrible. And yes I did not pay I refused. I better not get any extra charge for my disappointment.

This hotel just looks fun down. Room cleaning is pretty lacking and the building needs a lot of maintenance. There is not much along the lines of amenities either.

The room and stay there was fine.The later problem was a $6 and change bill on my VISA. After speaking to the hotel directly followed by a robot along with a different person at customer service, I was finally connected to a nice lady. She stated that the charge was possibly “something purchased from the pantry or some other purchase”. I purchased nothing during my stay there. I was told the amount will be refunded. Needless to say, I will continue watching my VISA account like a hawk.

THERE IS A HOUSE KEEPER THERE NAMED ANYA SHE IS VERY SWEET AND GOES ABOVE AND BEYOND TO HELP GUEST. AT FIRST WHEN I SAW HER SHE HAD MEAN LOOK ON HER FACE AND ONCE  I SPOKE TO HER SHE'S REALLY SWEET  AND GODLY I WAS HAVING ISSUES WITH MY CHILD WOULDNT STOP CRYING SHE KNOCKED ON MY DOOR LAST WEEK AND ASKED WAS EVERYTHING OK SHE SAW I WAS OVERWHELMED AND TOOK TIME OUT TO ASSIT ME WITH MY  CHILD AND OFFERD ENCOURAGING WORDS  SHE MADE MY DAY SO MUCH BETTER AFTER THAT NOT ALL EMPLOYEES WOULD HAVE DONE THAT. SHE DESERVES SOME RECOGNITION OR SOMETHING BECAUSE IT COST NOTHING TO BE KIND.

Nice location.. but the rooms and bathrooms are on the VERY small size.. they have condensed / packed  everything down in this hotel, even the dining room to make more money I suppose.. shocking.  Can barely get around the cleaning carts in the VERY narrow hallways..

I took 28 girl scholars. The rooms were very clean. The staff was overly accommodating, offering us a conference room to host breakfast and dinner for the girls. I thought breakfast would be chaos, but it was smooth, the staff were patient, and the hospitality was amazing. Thank you!

I'm super grateful they had a room for us because we had to stay here at the last minute. This was our first time in the city, so being able to stay there was a blessing.

The front desk clerk was friendly and allowed us to pick the floor and the location of the room, which was a nice touch.

Initially, we were a bit concerned of the cleanliness of the rooms. After the first night, we asked house keeping to help us and she was beyond friendly. She was sweet and made us feel comfortable. I believe her name was Enchanting or something similar.

Anyway, thank you for a pleasant experience.

Booked here because I saw traveler photos that showed a hot tub. This hotel no longer has an indoor hot tub. Indoor pool was also freezing. Other than these, the hotel was very nice.

I stayed on the 18 th and the women that checked me in was Amazing I can’t say enough about her and the service at the hotel amazing I want to thank her as we were dealing with a family emergency she went out of her way to make sure we were taken care of . First time in a long time I can say customer service actually mattered at this hotel way to go and I am a diamond member and one of the best stays I’ve had at a Hilton in a long time !

Welcoming front desk staff. Rooms are clean. Great location. Shirley is wonderful!

This is not necessarily a message to the HGI Birmingham, SE as it is to the entire HGI and Hampton Inn properties. Given the emphasis on improving the types and quality of foods Americans consume, why in God's name do you insist on pushing CoffeeMate chemicals on your clients?  Have you looked at what this product is made of?  Have you looked at the chemicals in the products they manufacture and market??  If you are going to continue with these chemical additives at your properties can you at least offer real dairy half and half as well??

My stay at the Hilton Garden Inn was very disappointing. I’m in town for a conference and couldn’t wait to leave.

The onsite restaurant had limited options, and my order was incorrect and then undercooked (though I do appreciate that the meal was comped). The hotel itself needs updating—there was peeling paint, wall stains, and unpleasant odors in both the hallways and rooms.

The biggest issue was a ladybug infestation. I had to switch rooms twice due to multiple live and dead bugs in each room, including some in the bed and around the AC unit. Even if they’re considered “harmless,” it’s unsettling to stay in a hotel with visible bugs.

Most of the staff were kind and professional, but overall I would not recommend staying here.

Positive: "" Negative: Bathtub was rusted and there was no free breakfast

Don't stay here if you have another option. Our room reeked of shrimp, gross hair all over the shower, bottles fell off the wall in the shower, everything was falling apart.. Really dumpy for $150/night and no breakfast unless you wanted to pay an extra $14 a person. Usually a Hilton is a great choice, but not this one.

We stayed here for 2 nights it was great the room was clean the staff was wonderful.

My stay was amazing thank you Arenda for all your help!!

I just finished a week-long business trip to Birmingham and this Hilton Garden Inn Liberty Park was exactly what I needed. The suites here are much larger than others I’ve stayed at downtown; having the separate sofa area and plenty of modern charging ports made it very easy to stay productive.

Why this property is a standout:

Enthusiastic Staff: A huge thank you to Angela at the front desk. Much like other reviewers have noted, the staff here is incredibly kind and greets you with genuine enthusiasm. She made check-in a breeze!

Spotless Gym: As a big fitness guy, I was impressed. The gym was clean, well-maintained, and had the exact equipment I needed for a real workout.

Atmosphere & Location: The lobby is beautiful, and I really enjoyed the quiet outside seating area in the evenings. The neighboring complexes offer a very safe walking area, which was a nice bonus for getting some air after work.

Comfortable & Clean: The beds are incredibly comfortable and the room was spotless. I also appreciated the complimentary waters!

If you want a clean, quiet, and professional stay in Birmingham  this is the spot.

Friendly and respectful staff, clean , never disappointed

This place was very nice except for one problem. There were about 100 or more of those beetles that resemble lady bugs in the room when I woke up. All over the ceiling. But they did comp breakfast and dogs are allowed.

Great place. No issues 🙂

The mgr & staff are very accommodating! The housekeeping needs improvement but it's still a good place to rest. Maintenance is excellent, they respond in timely manner. They do have ladybugs which are harmless lol, if you see one, just think, about those other hotels that have less charming insects.

Shower soap was out. Lady bugs all in the room. The $14 hot buffet has worse than a complimentary breakfast you get at a less expensive hotel. Meat was cold few choices. Fruit salad was from a can and looked awful. We’ve stayed at a lot of Hilton Garden Inns and this was defined the worst for breakfast. Not worth the money!

It is a beautiful hotel: nice decor, BUT the mattress in our room (211) was lumpy , the worst of any hotel mattress I have ever had.
Also, there was an intermittent noise every few minutes, as if some motor was trying to come on but was unsuccessful.
Our toilet stopped up and we called several times over an hour or more before anyone came to fix it.
For the record, I’ve never posted a review before.

The beds were not clean and had hair and bugs on them. The elevator had a bunch of peanuts on the floor. The room phone did not work. And you have to pay an extra $15 for breakfast.

The location was great, the lobby was beautiful and the bathrooms were clean. For the price, it lacked listed. It didn't look like other Hilton Garden Inns I've visited. I thought the charging ports were a nice touch, I would like to see c-chargers added as that's what's presently being offered vs USB. The sinks and rub backed up if you ran the water long but it did clog, just slow to drain. They also had make up wipes and I believe big bottles of shampoo, conditioner, lotion and body wash--nice touch for those who need it.  Also someone used the coffeemaker before we arrived and left proof, we found it just as you see it.

We are Hilton Honor members. The only positive thing I can say about our stay was the comfort of the bed and the clean linens.  When we arrived we got checked in at the front desk and went up to our room. There was a dirty glove outside our door. The room had sticky floors, the bathroom was dirty. Grime and multiple hairs in the shower. The counter tops in the room had food crumbs on them and crumbs all over the floor. We let management know and was given a new room. The new room was still dirty. Same issues. Hair and grime in the shower. Leftover lunch meat in the fridge. Microwave had lots of old dried up food in it. We had to go buy Clorox wipes and spray to clean it ourselves. At that point we were over it. Very disappointing to drive 4 hours and be met with uncleanliness. We were discounted and it was appreciated.

Rooms aren't big but service was excellent.  Ask for Arenda

I had an early flight and was exhausted, the kind lady working the front desk on 10/12/25 @11am greeted me with enthusiasm and kindness, helped me check in early and was just overall very genuine and sweet. The hotel is clean and the room is spacious and comfortable. 10/10. I wish had gotten her name, she needs a raise!!

Loved the location of this hotel. Quiet outside seating and safe walking area through neighboring complexes. Close to Liberty Park. The staff was not very attentive. We walked in to register and were not greeted or acknowledged. The lobby was over-flagrant with something that was unpleasant. The rooms themselves have small bathrooms, no tubs, and our shower doors would not stay closed. The wall thermostat was non-operational and the refrigerator was not cold. We ate in the restaurant, which was fine but service was slow. This is a pet friendly hotel.

This is a Hilton Garden Inn. We were staying in a double Queen away from the elevators and on the 5th of 6 floor hotel. At some point in it's life it was remodeled. The carpets in the hallway were clean and our room was clean as well.  There are two plugs and two USB A ports on each side of the night stand located between the two beds. There is a small microwave and a dorm size refrigerator in the room. It also had a single serve keurig style coffee machine. The cups were paper style and wrapped in plastic. There were 4 pods. One regular coffee, one decaf, one tea and one other. Plus sugar, sweetener and utensils wrapped in plastic as well. I am did not visit the fitness or business center so I can't tell you about them.
The entrance was well lit and felt airy. There was a small hot and cold breakfast offered which you had to pay for. We did not have breakfast their but it looked well laid out and roomy. This hotel had a bar (alcoholic drinks) along one wall. Also there is a small shop with the usual assortment of goods for purchase including microwavable dishes.
The hotel is located about a mile or so from the interstate in a business park. So if you are looking for somewhere to eat, you'll have to get back on the interstate and go north or south. That said we found it to be very quiet and relaxing. We stayed on a Saturday  night. My wife, my daughter and I would stay there again.

Nice location, convenient to the Summit.

Exceptional Customer Service, the front desk lady, was so pleasant and informative about Birmingham.  We stayed here to be close to our Venue where our PRODUCTION CREW AND ENTERTAINMENT. I love there outside PATIO (smoke area) nice lounge chairs 💺, couches, and Big Flat Screen tv.. I Highly recommend Booking this LOCATION

Well above average accommodations. Very comfortable rooms, great service. Location was better than I expected.

I had a few issues with the room:||1. There were food crumbs on the floor next to the bed. Which means house keeping either didn’t vacuum or they just weren’t thorough. ||2. One of the complimentary waters was open. Eww.  ||That’s largely it. While the beds appeared to be clean, the issues left me feeling like the room wasn’t clean.||So, I generally like Hilton properties. But I was disappointed with this one.

Positive: Everything Negative: Nope

Have been staying here traveling east and back for 10 years. Service has really degraded over the years. We usually book to stay on the way home.  We didn't this time.

One of the priciest hotels out here. I was shocked to see that breakfast was not included  around here and shockingly no breakfast. How is it that every hotel in this entire area has breakfast for free except for this place? What are we paying more for? The name?

I am a single father who spends every other weekend with his twin daughters. They were so excited about swimming in a heated pool and enjoying a hot tub for the first time they are just 5 years out. I had choices between three different hotels with heated pools and Hot tubs and I chose this one because it was the most convenient with the best restaurants and attractions around. Upon my arrival everything was fine until I inspected the pool area come to find out that the hot tub was roped off and looked like someone's unflushed toilet the pool was as cold as ice water on a hot July day! It ruin everything for me because I wanted to get in the water and play with my daughters because this would be their first experience it was ruined by the fact that that water was too cold for anything to want to swim in. I could have told them no and save my money by staying in a cheaper hotel with a outdoor pool. This trip was a waste of money! There was no quality time spent with my kids swimming. There's no way I would have paid $233 to just sit in a hotel room with my daughters and play on iPads we do that enough!

We have stayed at this property multiple times and have always been pleased. Unfortunately that changed with our last stay. We checked in with the online app but wanted keys to the 2 rooms we booked, rather than using the app. We went to the front desk and got the keys, however when we went to the room, one of the rooms was already occupied and the other was not cleaned. We were given new rooms and all was well until while relaxing on the bed I noticed a tick on me. I thought it was strange and then I saw another one. I pulled the pillows back and noticed multiple bugs and realized they were not ticks, but bed bugs. I immediately called the manager to come confirm and she in fact said they were bed bugs. I had never seen any before. We decided to end our stay and head home to sterilize everything so as not to spread any to our home. I don’t like to leave negative reviews but because I rely heavily on others reviews, I wanted to make others aware. The front desk staff was kind in their handling and offered to move us to another hotel, but the entire ordeal was extremely disappointing from a property we had previously enjoyed.

I stay at this location often. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The staff is helpful and friendly, and the hotel itself is delightful.

Positive: The place was in a nice and quiet area Negative: No

One of my favorite hotels ever.

Karen was so sweet and helpful. She always would end the conversation with let me know if you need anything. She made you feel right at home. The facility was always clean from the lobby, to the pool area, and most importantly the rooms. Oh don’t let me forget the delicious food and service! The best kept secret!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: It was a nice hotel good area Negative: They charged you eighteen dollars for breakfast. Other Hiltons that I have stayed at did not charge you for breakfast. It was included in your state

The service and location is great. The hotel needs some TLC. The air conditioner was loud and made a rattling sound. Multiple stains on mattress 🤮 The ice room on the 5th smelled like it was growing black mold it was awful. Shower could of been cleaner. The whole hotel smelled stale. You definitely can't walk on the floor without shoes cause it was gross not sure while hotels have carpet it's just gross 🤢 The pool was very cloudy, it looked dirty so I was afraid to get in.

Very good stay. Room was good, the bed was very good and the service was excellent!

Stayed for 4 nights. Our stay could have been better, but our check-in took an hour. Breakfast and dinner took a great deal of time for it to come out.

Location is convenient for Liberty Park but the rooms feel pretty dated.

Walking in, the hotel is nicely decorated with a beautiful relaxing color scheme. The lobby area is very clean and inviting. The staff are very friendly and helpful- going over and beyond to make your stay enjoyable. The room was very clean. Thank you!

I have stayed at this hotel and it was one of my favorites. Was...||||I am a Hilton Honors member, had a reservation for last Saturday, and had digitally checked in- and received the digital key confirmation. All was fine, until I arrived Saturday night and the digital key was not there. I thought it was a simple glitch.||||Long story short: My reservation had been canceled by the hotel.||||The man at the front desk was rude, unhelpful, and clearly either unaware of the hotel systems or, frankly and most likely, being dishonest. (He kept insisting that I must have canceled my own reservation .... First, If I did, then I wouldn't have been standing there . Second, a little difficult to cancel a reservation while driving, which I had been doing for 9 hours. And, most importantly, third: Impossible- because you cannot cancel or change a reservation on the app on the day of the reservation/ after the cutoff period.)||||He even challenged that I "must not have" checked in. UNTIL I showed him the check in digital key request from that same morning.||||And here's the proof that the property was not operating transparently. I told him to simply reestablish the reservation. He said they were all sold out. They had given - sold- my room away... A room that was reserved by a Hilton Honors member. A room already checked in. So unprofessional. And such a safety issue.||||I asked him to call the manager while I called Hilton Honors line. He did not. In the meantime, I found another hotel in the area.||||Clearly, there is a management issue- perhaps with Hilton systemically.||||I have found better customer service recently with Hyatt.||||Terrible customer experience!

I have stayed at this hotel and it was one of my favorites.  Was...

I am a Hilton Honors member,  had a reservation for last Saturday,  and had digitally checked in- and received the digital key confirmation.  All was fine, until  I arrived Saturday night  and the digital key was not there.  I thought it was a simple glitch.

Long story short: My reservation had been canceled by the hotel.

The man at the front desk was rude, unhelpful,  and clearly either unaware of the hotel systems or, frankly and most likely, being dishonest.   (He kept insisting that I must have canceled my own reservation .... First,  If I did, then I wouldn't have been standing there . Second,  a little difficult to cancel a reservation while driving,  which I had been doing for 9 hours. And, most importantly,  third: Impossible- because you cannot cancel or change a reservation on the app on the day of the reservation/ after the cutoff period.)

He even challenged that I "must not have" checked in.  UNTIL I showed him the check in digital key request from that same morning.

And here's the proof that the property was not operating transparently.  I told him to simply reestablish the reservation.  He said they were all sold out.  They had given - sold- my room away... A room that was reserved by a Hilton Honors member. A room already checked in.  So unprofessional. And such a safety issue.

I asked him to call the manager while I called Hilton Honors line. He did not. In the meantime,  I found another hotel in the area.

Clearly,  there is a management issue- perhaps with Hilton systemically.

I have found better customer service recently with Hyatt.

Terrible customer experience!

Dirty outdated pool, door is rusted, tile is grungy. Bathtub had rust in it, when I first turned on the water it was brown. We paid a bit over $200 for our stay and they have no Complimentary breakfast, only decaf in the room.

Our business Mind & Body Institute have used HGI liberty Park for the last 3 years when we teach our workshops in Birmingham AL. We have rented mostly the Vulcan conference room on 8 occasions for weekend massage therapy continuing education workshops. The hotel rooms are great and the surroundings have a countryside feel to it. Just want to give thanks to Stephanie with sales for always responding in a timely manner and taking care of us, and putting us in a conference room that fit our needs.

Matt, the man who helps us with our breakfast experience, completely makes our morning! He is so friendly and efficient. Every time we hold our conferences here he supports us in room readiness. I see him busy making sure this hotel stays awesome in all aspects. Our company has chosen this hotel not only for its great rooms and location but also because we look forward to the kindness we are extended by Mr. Matt.

The staff were helpful and friendly, however the hotel rooms needs updating.

We booked this place since we saw a picture of the hot tub. However this place currently only has the indoor pool, no hot tub. The hotel does not seem to be upkeep as it should therefore missing certain aspects of what we expected for a Hilton hotel. We had like 5 percent left of toilet paper when we arrived. We had to go to front desk to ask for more.
The location is in a quieter area of the town. Therefore if needing to go out at night, the roads around here are pitch dark. The roads are a bit curvy as well.

The place was neat and clean. Parts had been painted, and other parts needed painting. Nail holes in bathroom wall not repaired. It wasn't bad, just dated.

Thanks to Michael Donaldson and his terrific employee Carrea D. I had a restful night at the Hilton Garden Inn  at 2090 Urban Center Parkway, Birmingham, AL 35242
I was booked at a Hampton Inn nearby that turned out to be filthy. Luckily I was able to get a clean room here  with terrific customer service.

The location is good but that’s about it. Had drinks and ate here. Pretty overpriced for at best mid grade food. Tried the wings and burger. They were ok and the fries had way too much salt. Walked into my room to a sticky floor and the top of my ac unit looking rotted somehow. Went to turn the ac down and it only goes to 68 and fan speed auto or low not high. This also has a motion sensor ac so enjoy waking up in the middle of the night hot or leaving and coming back to a hot room. With all that money they are saving by inconveniencing you, you think they would fix some stuff or lower the price of basic food and drinks. It seems like most things me and my friends went to order were out of stock so if you like what you like, you might want to keep it moving to the next place.

Nothing too notable about the hotel location. Room was in good order. Very odd signage throughout the hotel reminiscent of a misleading middle schooler who found colored paper in the classroom.

I love the best rooms 😍
Everything comfortable

Checked me into a room that was torn apart. Waited a half hour for a new room. Next day my key card wouldnt work. They told me I was confused and not staying in the room I was trying to open. It was under a different persons name. Finally they took me upstairs to check and it was, in fact my room. The next day the manager reached out to apologize and assured me that this would be handled. The following day my key card would not work. So I went downstairs to find out why and they still had me listed as staying in another roim. I spoke to the same manager who apologized again and told me they had not been at the hotel to fix the problem. I pointed out that I had discussed it with her on the prior day so that was not true. In a nut shell I ended up with 10 keycards in my possession at the end of the stay. Not fun to deal with after an exhausting day.

Great location quiet area, clean rooms, and nice lobby area

I have been staying at this hotel every year for the past four years. There seems to have been a decline in quality at this hotel. The hotel staff wasnt very helpful. I continously had to ask for towels because they would forget. Also my shower was dirty and had rusted water come out when I first turned it on. When I told the front desk about the water; he told me someone will come look at it the next day. That did not happen. No follow up call either. It wasn't as pleasant as I remember from just a year ago.

Exceptional Customer Service!

I recently stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for a weekend stay in November and had a wonderful experience, thanks in large part to the outstanding customer service provided by Arenda G. From the moment I arrived, Arenda went above and beyond to ensure my stay was comfortable and stress-free.

Pros: Safe location, very quiet room and location, well lit parking lot, clean room, convenient to I-459, employees friendly, grocery store and restaurants very close by.
Cons: not a walkable location will need a car or uber for food, shower water never got hot, rooms are smaller than most Hiltons like a Hampton Inn, rooms could use some sprucing up, bed was very hard, breakfast buffet wasn’t worth the $8 for cold or $11 for hot that they charged. Breakfast poster shows pancakes, waffles, etc.. nothing like that was available.
It was just like another hotels free buffet (minus the waffles), The night and morning we were there it was cold and I couldn’t figure out why the fireplace wasn’t on. That’s nothing in the scope of things but lobby ambiance matters.

It’s a great location and great for the price. But, it’s not a Hilton or upscale hotel. The shower was not clean and the bed was not comfy at all. They also canceled breakfast with no notice and had no coffee in the lobby. We ran out of coffee in our room.

We stayed here for one night while attending the SIAC Championship game, and I can't say enough about the outstanding service we received.

Mike, the Front Desk Manager, went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and provided top-notch service no matter how many times we needed assistance. The rest of the staff was just as friendly and accommodating throughout our stay.

We had a minor issue with the key reader on our door, but within 10 minutes, a maintenance employee was on-site and got it fixed - very impressive!

We also spent some time at the lobby bar, where the bartender was fantastic. He was super cool, engaging, and friendly, even while serving our large group, which made the experience all the more enjoyable.

* Skin Care: The rooms come equipped with Neutrogena skin care products, which is a nice touch for anyone who appreciates quality toiletries.

* Complimentary Coffee: There's a complimentary coffee station in the lobby, which is perfect for a quick morning pick-me-up.

* Room Features: Each room is well-appointed with a small fridge, Keurig coffee maker, and microwave, making it easy to store and prepare snacks or meals.

* Convenience: The hotel is easily accessible from I-459, making it a great choice for anyone traveling through the area. Plus, you get a complimentary USA Today to catch up on the news.

* Breakfast Options: There's a cold breakfast for just $5.95, or you can opt for a made-to-order hot breakfast for $11.95 - both are convenient and reasonably priced.

*Individually wrapped food, regular and alcoholic beverages, and personal essentials are located in the lobby's Mini-Market.

* Bar and Patio: The hotel has a small bar offering beer, wine, and a limited selection of other alcoholic drinks. There's also a nice, albeit small, covered outdoor patio next to the bar and dining area with a flat-screen TV, perfect for relaxing or watching a game.

*Indoor Swimming Pool and Hot Tub.

The rooms and guest services were great - no complaints at all. The hotel is also conveniently located just a few blocks from Publix, Starbucks, and several fast-casual eateries and retail stores, which made it easy to grab anything we needed.

Overall, we had a great experience. This hotel offers a solid combination of comfort, value, and convenience. I'd stay here again if I were in the area!

Thanks again, Mike, for your amazing customer service and hospitality.

Rooms are a little old and rundown and not what I think of when I think Hilton. Staff is super friendly though. Breakfast buffet is NOT worth the charge though.

My company used a meeting room they rent out. When I leave for the day my brand new car was covered in dirt, leaves and grass clippings. They had mowed the grass and blew everything on my very expensive car. I have tried to call the mananger but he will not call me back. It was so bad that when I open the door a bunch fell inside. I had to pay to get my car detailed

I have stayed at this hotel multiple times. This is the cleanest and best hotel I have been at. I would recommend this hotel any day. The hotel staff was very friendly and pleasant .

A great place stay very clean looks new friendly people quite and safe feelings loved it

Edited review to reflect resolution the situation.

A member of the housekeeping staff "threw away" (giving the benefit of the doubt they did not steal) my running shoes with custom arch support inserts worth in total ~$195. After about 11 days, the general manager was able to apply a refund for the equivalent cost of the shoes to the folio.

It's a bummer the situation happened because the hotel is clean, in a nice area, and generally seems well ran. Service staff could possibly use remedial training.

Kecia at the front desk is the only part of this experience that made it worth it; I give her 5 stars. I traveled to attend a friend’s wedding and this is the hotel they chose. Being a diamond member they had dedicated front parking which was nice. Before each stay I confirm that there are suites and other rooms available for upgrades however the lady at the counter lied to me and told me none were available although I literally checked in front of her. I took the king room and went on. Upon arriving to the room it was extremely cold which didn’t bother me much however I later discovered the air in the room had a faulty thermostat. It only worked correctly if you had on extremely cold or really high. When trying to set it at a normal temp it would shut off, randomly turn on the heat…etc. it made for a terrible stay and I asked once again (after confirming availability for myself) could I be upgraded one based on the condition of my room and two based on being a loyal diamond member of Hilton. I was once again told no and was offered another king room if one came available later in the day. By that time my trip would be practically over and do me no good so I stuck with the terrible room. I travel a lot and this was by far one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. Hilton you need to do better there is no reason to be loyal to your brand if this is how you’re going to treat people. If you are going to develop a loyalty program then stick to what you say is available to each tier. Additionally, that is no condition for anyone to stay in.

Stayed here in July and upon leaving I noticed I left my speaker in the room. After returning home I called the hotel and they confirmed I did leave my speaker. I advised that I would be returning back to town in September and asked if they could hold it for me. Which they said they would. I returned today to pick up my speaker and the general manager said they didn’t have it. I asked if I could be reimbursed and he said no. I just don’t think it’s fair to say you’d hold someone’s item and then don’t have it when they come to retrieve it. Please do better.

Staff accommodated for early check in and texted after about an hour asking how things were with the room. I mentioned that the bathroom wasn't very clean and the response was, oh I am sorry about that.
The bathroom had a mold problem of at least two varieties. Hard to believe any part of the room is clean when even the visible mold isn't cleaned. For $188, I'd stay elsewhere.

Rooms smells like a dog. Dog barking next door ...it's midnight.

Started out with a room with no internet connection, let the front desk know and a very nice maintenance man came to the room.  He was able to determine the router was bad and he would need to contact provider.  I reminded the front desk the next morning about getting it fixed while I was gone for the entire day.  Not fixed on my return,  they moved me to another room which was smaller and not as nice as the first room.  Was under impression you could get dinner each night in lobby.  So I went to lobby at 6:00 and 6:30 pm and nothing was set up, ended up having to do UberEats.  Then the icing on top was a 3:30 am wake up call that I did not request.  Location is not good if you don't have a car.  Will have to Uber to get to food or shopping.

Third time staying here for a soccer tournament.  Great location beautiful area, great rooms.

This hotel was very comfortable and in a really beautiful location.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  This was the second stay at this location.

What an amazing hotel.  The staff were professional, and the room was very modern and clean.

Clean, quiet, helpful staff. No issues

Over priced

Had to check in late during our trip and service was great, room was very nice and clean. We were very impressed.

Awesome location is quiet and offers buffet breakfasts, for a fee, if interested.  I checked in using a digital kee on Hilton app so didn't have to stand in line to get keycard at front desk.  And able to checkout via app as well.  My only complaints are that the bathroom sink seemed to be stopped up so water was extremely slow going down drain and the 🚽 is extremely low.  Also, very small bed pillows but comfortable bed.

What a great hotel in a very nice upscale  neighborhood.  Mature trees all around make this spot special, and the restaurant inside makes great good! I highly recommend this new hotel.

The room size was perfect for two with indoor swimming and a small gym. We ate at their bar & and grille, which it was good food at a decent price. However, DQ, Publix, and Subway were close to the hotel. I wasn't able to tour the area because of surgery, but they do have a decent size replica of Lady Liberty. However, the hotel is pet friendly, and I was awakened by a dog barking in the next room. Also, the room had an animal smell, and the floors needed a mopping. I would stay at another Hilton, but only if it had no animals.

We stayed at this hotel this past weekend from Thursday - Sunday, May 16th - May 19th. This was our 4th time staying at this hotel within 3 and 1/2 years. This time we got a king suite. This was the worst experience we’ve had.

When we got into our room, my toddler was walking around exploring. She went into the shower in the main bathroom and came out holding a wad of long black hair. So I start looking in the shower and it doesn’t look clean at all. The counter tops in the main bathroom were filthy. The counter in the common room (with the sink) was disgusting. The floors in the main bathroom had a lot of dirt on them. The cabinet in the common that the tv sits on was pretty dirty also. Every counter or table surface we looked at was dirty which is something you don’t want to see when you’re traveling with your toddler who touches everything.

The sink in the main bathroom did not drain hardly at all. The sink would fill up and overflow in the time it took for the water to warm up. So then I would have to turn the water off, let it drain, and start all over. This was super frustrating when trying to wash your face or brush your teeth.

The tv in the bedroom did not work. It would turn out and say to check the connection then turn off.

Anytime we took a shower, water would flood the floor and drench the bath mat outside of the shower.

Again, this was our 4th time staying at this hotel within 3 and 1/2 years and this was our worst experience there. We will not be returning which sucks because we come to Birmingham every year.

Clean. Great staff.

I travel to Birmingham often. My usual hotel was not available, so this was recommended to me. I will be staying here EVERY time from now on! Beautiful area! I had to visit program sites off 459 and downtown. This was equidistant and made for a great drive! Close to the Summit, with great shopping and tons of restaurants. The hotel has a great kitchen and bar. Room was clean, updated. It was quiet. Spacious room. Lot of lighting options. Microwave and fridge. Had a Keurig but it didn’t work. They have complimentary coffee downstairs. Great desk area for working. Multiple areas downstairs to work. It boasts a fitness room and pool but I did t check them out.

Good location and good value for what we needed for the trip.

My service dog Bear had the best time at the Hilton and was treated so warmly by the staff!

Thank you all for making our stay so pleasant and comfortable ❤️

Julianna and Bear

This my go to hotel in Birmingham. Super clean and inviting lobby, helpful staff, clean rooms and good late night snack selection. Pet friendly and the outdoor area for them is kept up very well.

It is in a corporate district and is super quiet which I love.

This is a nice looking hotel, tucked away in a corporate park area, so no restaurants or convenience stores nearby.

The lobby is bright and fresh with several open areas for meetings, sitting to have a drink or meal (bar service only) or working.

The rooms are updated but simple. There was a lot of dark hair on the shower walls and a few in the bed, but the sheets looked and smelled clean so I just noted it. The rest of the room was clean.

There is no in room dining available. The only food options on the property is a breakfast buffet which at the time of this writing is $11 per person and is the standard fare of scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon or sausage and a variety of breads, muffins and cereals. It is available from 7a-10a. Dinner is served at the bar only between 5pm-10pm with a small selection of options. To order you must go down, order from the bartender then wait for them to prepare your meal. You can order it to go and take it to your room.

I stayed here for two days on March 13-15. All of the front desk staff were friendly and helpful, with the exception of Michael on the 15th. Early on the morning of the 15th, I requested a late checkout (12pm) and Michael responded that he noted that in my account.

However at 11:09am, housekeeping started banging on my door while I was showering & trying to get ready for the day. This continued until 11:45am when I left. He also turned off my digital key at 11am so I was unable to leave the room to get ice for my little cooler that I store my medication in.

I messaged him right away to let him know (very politely, no anger or aggression) what was happening and his response was a very disinterested "We are sorry for the inconvenience - Michael". I was hoping he would contact housekeeping to let them know I had late checkout so they'd stop banging on the door every 5 minutes for an hour and turn my key back on because I had not yet checked out. But he chose not to make it right. This doesn't seem to honor the "if something isn't the way you like it, you can let any hotel team member know, and they'll make it right" Hilton motto and was a stark contrast to the other employees I either spoke with in person or through the messager in the app but unfortunately left me with a less than pleasant impression.

Here for business for 2 weeks and super excited to get some hot tub time after working all day. Got my swimsuit on and happily went downstairs, there is no hot tub.☹️  Pictures show hot tub unfortunately. Super disappointed

Top notch Hotel with great staff

It is definitely not a good option we made a reservation and when we arrived they had no availability they washed their hands blaming the system on several trips I have always used the Hilton chain but this makes me doubt

First time guest. Very impressed with cleanliness of room & hotel. Rooms are quiet. Staff were very friendly & helpful. It is about 15 minutes from downtown & The Summit but well worth the drive to have a safe, well lit parking lot & no traffic to deal with.

This is a beautiful and very safe location that is easily accessible to key areas of the Birmingham metro.  It is near a quiet office park close to I-459 with plenty of free parking.   The meeting rooms are very nice and even include an outside patio area that can be utilized.   We hosted a group of about 30 people at this location and although the hotel was experiencing some technical issues beyond their control during our visit,  they were committed to insuring that we were happy and our party was well taken care of.  We can't say enough good things about Director of Sales Stephanie McElmurray and General Manager Michael Donaldson.  These two leaders and many members of their staff are committed to outstanding hospitality.  We recommend this location strongly.

Stayed one night. The bed was very comfortable. The dogs thought so as well!

The hotel is located in a good area, but I feel like our bathroom was not cleaned so it made me question whether the room had been cleaned. There were spots all over the sink faucet, a giant crack in the toilet seat, the hair dryer was hanging out of the bag and shelf and was covered in dust and dirt, the tub looked mildewed around the edges and caulking was cracked, and there was hair in the drain of the sink which didn't have a stopper. I ended up taking hand sanitizing from my purse and cleaned the counteracts, faucet, and toilet seat and handle. Very disappointing for the price we paid and to be Hilton brand. On the positive side check in was quick and easy.

Inexperienced staff made it very challenging overall. Got charged for my room twice and am still sorting it out with my bank from a week ago. Please be weary and make sure you specify clearly with the front desk and hold their hand. Hilton was once the standard in hotels. Crazy how things have gotten to at this point…

Very beautiful place

Unsatisfied with hotel rooms and restaurant. The front desk clerk was trying, but overall experience was poor

Trash and a pill in bathroom floor, no lightbulb in lamp, bathroom door doesn't close all the way, hall smells like sewage, overcharged from booking price by 90$.  Deff. A 3 star hotel if that.

Came here after an outpatient invasive surgery. They staff were understanding and kind. Everything was clean. I have no complaints

The staff was excellent room's were clean and comfortable. The area was great.

Wasp stung me in room
Hotel basically charge me twice for stay and days after trip, still have not got my money back!

Your Wifi in the Hotel is spotty at best. It’s almost 2024 and wifi for an entire hotel now days should be easy. Also the breakfast should not be 15$ per person. First, the options are no better than any free breakfast the Hilton brand offers and no one is going to get seconds. Also what service is the person working the breakfast offering?  The don’t even check on you while eating? Just drop a check and pick up plates? I can do that myself!

The gentleman that checked me in messed up my reservations (one night paid by perspective employer and one night paid by me). The charges were eventually straightened out but I was initially charged for both nights on one credit card and one night on my debit card. This could have been avoided had he listened and not tried to rush.

The wall control for the air conditioner didn't work. We had to adjust the temperature at the unit.

The lady that checked me out was very friendly and kept her word by getting everything straightened out without me making multiple calls!

Enjoyed my stay clean room and public areas were clean and staff was very helpful. My only concern is the AC unit in halls were not working properly. I stayed in 4th floor this time and while cooler than the 2nd floor the Ac system needs to be balanced. Lobby AC worked well so dining was good. Definitely a repeat customer.

Indoor pool area has tile falling off the wall and on the floor.  Plenty of rusty walls and equipment around the pool.  No towels to be had. Got out off the pool and had to wait for some at front desk. Guy was nice at check in but took him 20 minutes to check us in. No exhaust fan in the double room 516. Door falling off the fridge cover up door?  Beautiful location room was clean. No complimentary breakfast ? Also noticed this in the bathroom see picture

Crista the bar tender was amazing!! She’s is friendly and personal. She made special drinks for customers request. She has a sweet and friendly personality

If I come this way again I will stop just to see her

Our room did not cool off all night. We came to this nearby hotel because our heat pump went out and had no a/c.  The a/c in our room never got below 74 (set at 68) the entire time we were there, 4 degrees less than our nearby home with no a/c whatsoever. The pet fee is half of the total room cost for one night.  The sheets were stained with what looked like red nail polish, and the a/c unit sounded like a plane taking off every time it kicked on. For $250 for 1 night I expected a lot more. If we weren't in a bind, there is no way we would stay here.

Great location, great service. Clean, fresh and cozy hallway and room.

Keisha gets it done, what ever you need. front desk at all times

In the last few years, we have stayed at several hotels. This one is the best! Our stay has been perfect!

Love the neighborhood with stunning landscapes and the fact that it is tucked away from the hustle and bustle of traffic. 😍The hotel is very quiet, beautiful and pristine! I would recommend this location to anyone who is looking for a getaway in the most perfect secluded location. 🤩 Our room was luxurious, the bed was comfortable…truly the best sleep!

The entire staff is friendly, attentive, kind and greet you with a smile. The location is convenient to shops and restaurants but you will need a car since they are not within walking distance.

Five star experience hands down! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

This is my second stay at this hotel. I love the neighborhood area.  I love that it's tucked off location with little traffic. Parking is easy. The hotel is very quiet, clean, and welcoming. The employees are customer friendly and greet you with a smile. Nice covered outdoor area to sit when the weather is nice. Paid breakfast, dinner, and bar are nice.  Convenient store type area right by the front desk. Food delivery services will meet you at your room if that is your preference. The pool and workout areas are nice and clean. Each  floor has ice machines. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. I travel to Birmingham often, and this has become my choice hotel.

Had a really nice, 2-night stay here for a wedding in Birmingham. The room was clean and the staff was fantastic. Even had a view of the miniature Statue of Liberty.

Very welcoming. Tastefully decorated and very clean. This is my preferred hotel when staying in the Birmingham area. Easy access to downtown, shopping, zoo and gardens.

Shundra is the most incredible human. She went above and beyond to help me and provide next level customer service. Hilton, she is out there representing your business/ brand in an outstanding fashion. We are in the area at least every 6 months and thanks to her, this is where I will be booking.

The service desk is awesome. Anything we needed they accommodated us with it. It is very clean here.

The main argument for this hotel is its location, which is convenient to good restaurants and shopping, although the area gets zero starts in terms of pedestrian friendliness. The assumption is that you have a car, and intend to use it to go any distance farther than a few feet.

Whoever designed the hotel clearly loved bright white LED's (perhaps they weren't aware that they are also available in warmer colors?). The lights in the lobby and the elevator area were constantly flickering, which a maintenance person confirmed was an ongoing problem. In the room, the only secondary lighting options were two harsh, directional LED lamps that gave the austere room a prison cell vibe at night.

Further reinforcing the cell experience, the thermostat appeared to be non-functional, but the one in the unit at least allowed me to somewhat regulate the temperature.

As per usual, Hilton Gold status seems meaningless here, but Diamond members have designated parking.

Staff seemed friendly, and eager to help. The room was clean and functional, and the bed was comfortable, but the overall experience was decidedly 3-star.

The customer service was great and this was a nice, quiet place to stay for one night

Clean room, but no hooks or bars in the bathrooms to hang towels? What’s up with that!

Room was very dirty. Carpet was disgusting. Bathroom floors were sticky. Very nasty. Bad experience.

Nice hotel , convenient location.  Sonya at the front desk is the best !

Hotel in beautiful isolated area.
Quiet.
Very kind staff.
Check in was without issue.
Rooms slightly smaller than expected.
Dirty sinks.
Room Door malfunctioned- difficult to open and close- did not bother to change rooms as stay was short.
Would book again.

Great Facility! Great Service! Great Stay!

Very friendly and helpful staff, especially Ray - GM.

Wonderful experience at this hotel! The only reason I rated 4 stars instead of 5 on the room is because as a handicap accessible room, the toilet was too low and had no grab bar! Other than that, we were extremely pleased with this hotel, from the very friendly staff to the clean room and very comfortable furniture! Would highly recommend! Area was also very convenient! Keep up the good work!

We booked a two queen-beds room and when we arrive they gave us a King-room. We showed our reservation form for proof and we called the day before we arrived to confirm our reservation but we still got stuck with the King-bedroom. The children had to sleep on twin-size roller-beds.  The hotel receptionist did accommodate us for the mishap the first night. She was really nice/professional. Mishaps like that should not occur, that was highly disappointing.
The rooms are nice but needs a major upgrade. For it to be Hilton, the furniture was outdated. And I was surprised to see cubbie-board cabinets in the room. The location of the hotel was great.

We always stay here when we come to Birmingham. Always top notch. Being a diamond member, we travel often thru the Hilton chain. It is great to stay at somewhere you know is great! Thank you.....

The rooms are extremely clean and comfortable. Very friendly service, too.

Clean, nice environment,nice workers at the front desk, No Complaints

Have stayed here quite a bit but the last few stays have been very disappointing. Service is non-existent. From check in to check out, front desk staff was condescending and borderline rude. Cleaning staff apparently so short rooms don't get cleaned. When front desk was questioned about getting room serviced, was told rooms were not serviced unless stay was four days or longer. I have been a Hilton Honors member for a long time, and never been so disappointed in how we were treated.

What could have turned out to be a miserable and terrible stay ended up turning around to be the one of the best stays I've had at a Hilton property to date. After a friendly chat and being checked in by the General Manager, Race, I noticed that one of the televisions in my room was not turning on. When I went downstairs, there was a young lady who suggested that it could be the batteries being dead. I tried that and that didn't work either. I went back downstairs and Race was there. I explained to him the situation and he reported it and mentioned that a maintenance technician will visit my room in the next hour or so. I felt like it really wasn't a big deal so I continued on my day and joined a conference call for work. Before the call started, I placed my puppy in his crate but in the bedroom of the suite and closed the door to that room. Unbeknownst to me, the door locked and after my call, I couldn't open the door. I went downstairs to explain everything to Race and within 5 minutes, his maintenance technician, Chevis came to the rescue. First, he helped get my puppy out of the bedroom and even he was barking up a storm! Then, he figured out the issue with the television in the living room not working and reported back 10 minutes later to fix it. All in all, I really appreciated how Race and Chevis handled my issues accordingly. It made my stay a fantastic one!

No bottle of water in the room and charge for breakfast

Overall the hotel was clean and comfortable. David the bartender was exceptional and made our stay enjoyable. Some of the furnishings were a little broken down but everything was clean and to me that is most important.  Food was ok but nothing exceptional.

We chose this hotel because of the pictures on the website which has a hot tub, heated pool looked very nice, so we check in and asked about hot tub she said they no longer had one we thought well we will get in pool, go to the pool ice cold the heater was broke get unpacked and gonna relax watch tv the tv channels didnt work had to have maintenance come check and apparently it was an issue with the cable at this point we just wanted to get money back and find something else but its such a hassle we stayed. Go to take a shower took 10 minutes for the water to get hot and the shower door wont stay shut so water goes everywhere, the maintenance man was very nice and tried to be helpful but the front staff never really apologized or try to make it better for us in any way. We will never stay here again and people looks are deceiving dont be fooled by pictures. Very very disappointed.

Beautiful location in AL.

Felt very welcoming, room was really clean and breakfast was nice as well

This is where we always stay when my husband has to go to Birmingham.

Great hotel the location is isolated which makes it very quiet. Only downside was the bar was close due to staff shortage. But no biggie. Clean rooms comfy bed smooth overall stay.

Nice Bar !! 🍸Quite out of the way location... A Gem 💎

I was a guest at this hotel the week before Christmas, while visiting my son and his family for the holidays. My room and the extremely friendly staff was fantastic! However, my only complaint was the absence of festive Christmas decorations.  Upon arrival and checking in, I was extremely disappointed that the hotel of this caliber was not decorated for the holidays.  Please decorate for the holidays!!!

NEW, clean incredible experience! The front desk staff was friendly, and everything was in great condition in our room. We will definitely be staying there again!

Ok rooms. Not as nice as the Tru2 Hilton. Location was difficult to get to

Nice HGI.  Room was fine and place was new and clean. A few hiccups with breakfast and late night call to room asking if my room was occupied. They'd given key to another guest!

Hotel and staff nice..rooms clean, safe location.. only downfall is  the $15 continental breakfast totally not worth it

This is a beautiful hotel that is extremely clean. Very kind staff especially the bartender/ kitchen personnel. Front desk lady was extremely nice checking in. Well decorated but outside of the hotel not much around his area for food. No problem though this is a great place to stay

I stay at Hilton over 100 days a year. This was the worst service by the night and morning front  desk assistant’s. No coffee available and not wanting to help.

Went here for a work event. It was good.

Room very clean, but showing some sign of wear.....caulking around tub, faded curtains etc. Just needs a freshen up.

The hotel was fine, The breakfast was aweful.

Great place ,Sierra and staff always on point .When we cone down for Talladega!

I was there building the place.

My husband and I had two queen beds. We decided to  take advantage of the space and sleep in separate beds, but one of the beds had been made but the sheets had not been cleaned or changed.  There was hair and a crusty substance on the sheets.

The hotel personnel were amazing.  They were very professional and friendly.  Unfortunately, the building itself seems to be suffering from some structural issues.  There was a large dip in the middle of the floor of our room, and the floor of the bathroom was so off level that the toilet lid would not stay up and the sliding door for the shower would not stay closed.

We at breakfast at the hotel "restaurant," but we would have been better off eating somewhere else.  There was not a free breakfast provided, and we would have had no issue with paying for a decent meal, but the food was the exact same fare that we would have gotten for free at any other hotel in the area.  It was also annoying that breakfast was served an hour later on Saturday than on Friday.

We did appreciate the fact that the clientele at this hotel are mostly business leaders as opposed to vacationers.  The hallways were very quiet, and we did not have any disturbances during the night.  Overall, it was a good stay, but I don't think we'll be back given the structural problems and the lack of a real restaurant.

EDIT: Hilton replied to this review with a request for more information.  I followed their link, and submitted the information that they requested, but I have never heard anything back from them.  I was expecting them to at least offer some extra points in my account.  I have no idea if they are even addressing the structural issues that I mentioned.  I am lowering the review by one star due to the poor response from Hilton.

Don’t expect your room to get cleaned. Don’t expect clean towels. They allowed housekeeping to be off due to a holiday weekend. My family and I utilized the pool and we were not able to get clean towels or pool towels. We had to walk to our rooms soaked. Besides that, Alex and the breakfast attendant along with the chef were really nice.

I Love this place Hotel was very clean foods was delicious yummy the service was excellent at all times I will come to Hilton Garden for the rest of my trips to Alabama Forever Blessings to the staff and everybody that Jeff the service great great I love them

Place is nice. Be fore warned you have to pay to park in there parking lot on a daily basis. Breakfast is not included but you can eat in there restaurant buffet style.  You'd be better off going to one of the local restaurants.

Absolutely unbelievable experience. We were falsely charged a smoking/vaping fee based on an “air quality sensor” despite nobody smoking or vaping in the room at any point during the stay.

The hotel provided a generic automated report with zero real evidence — no staff witness, no odor complaint, no physical proof, nothing. Just a computer-generated accusation and an instant charge. Even more suspicious? There was allegedly ONE isolated “event” during multiple days of occupancy, yet somehow that was enough for them to decide we violated policy.

If these sensors are so accurate, why were there no repeated alerts? No housekeeping complaints? No follow-up issues? Because we didn’t smoke.

It honestly feels like a revenue stream disguised as “policy enforcement.” Guests should be extremely cautious because apparently an algorithm can now decide you owe hundreds of dollars with no actual proof required.

We respected the property, followed the rules, and still ended up dealing with this mess after checkout. Customer service showed little interest in hearing our side and simply pointed back to the automated system as if technology is incapable of mistakes.

Very disappointing experience and a terrible way to treat paying guests. There are too many hotels out there to stay somewhere that assumes guilt first and asks questions later.

Unbelievable. Was charged $300 for a smoking/vaping fee— AND WE DO NOT DO EITHER OF THOSE THINGS!! They are only corresponding via email, and refuse to return my calls!! I am beyond frustrated.

Absolutely unbelievable experience. We were falsely charged a smoking/vaping fee based on an “air quality sensor” despite nobody smoking or vaping in the room at any point during the stay.||||The hotel provided a generic automated report with zero real evidence — no staff witness, no odor complaint, no physical proof, nothing. Just a computer-generated accusation and an instant charge. Even more suspicious? There was allegedly ONE isolated “event” during multiple days of occupancy, yet somehow that was enough for them to decide we violated policy.||||If these sensors are so accurate, why were there no repeated alerts? No housekeeping complaints? No follow-up issues? Because we didn’t smoke.||||It honestly feels like a revenue stream disguised as “policy enforcement.” Guests should be extremely cautious because apparently an algorithm can now decide you owe hundreds of dollars with no actual proof required.||||We respected the property, followed the rules, and still ended up dealing with this mess after checkout. Customer service showed little interest in hearing our side and simply pointed back to the automated system as if technology is incapable of mistakes.||||Very disappointing experience and a terrible way to treat paying guests. There are too many hotels out there to stay somewhere that assumes guilt first and asks questions later.

Very very friendly staff.  There was a small issue with our room but they changed our room quickly and got us taken care of.  I was exhausted from working all day and then driving the 8 hours to Georgia.  So. This made me very greatful.

Everything was well organized and went off without any glitches. Staff was extremely pleasant and a sheer delight to work with for our statewide conference!! Our best regards to the chef, the food was amazing!  Venecia F., banquet captain was always pleasant, kept me informed and she and her staff were awesome to work with!

500 Powder Springs Rd. Marietta, Ga.

Older hotel even though updated still has very older feel.

No one wants to drink and drive especially in an unfamiliar town.  I studied the map carefully to find a solid hotel that was walking distance to the Marietta town square and the Hilton Conference center looked ti be the closest.  When we arrived we asked the front desk if it was safe to walk to town and they pointed to the Marietta walkway, a pathway built for that purpose.  ||Now the location is not perfect unless you’re here to golf, but it certainly offers an easy walk to town.  And it also is a short drive to Kennesaw Mt National park which we also enjoyed.  ||The hotel was bright and cheery and our room was clean and fresh.  Breakfast at Hamilton’s was extravagant.  So if you’re heading to Marietta to safely experience the joy of downtown square, this is the place to stay!

Stayed for business, but would go back for a romantic weekend getaway.

My family visited the hotel during Easter weekend. Brooke, Grace, and Linda made my experience one to remember. This hotel will be my first choice when I need a stacation! Excellent service!

I had the pleasure of staying at this Hilton last month and it was an absolute treat. The golf course was beautiful and you could tell it is well tended to, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the staff was absolutely phenomenal. Brooke at the front desk was extremely helpful and efficient. Her smile and excellent customer service made my family and I feel at home as we were enjoying our stay. Thank you Hilton Marietta conference center.

I had the pleasure of staying at the Hilton Marietta conference center and it was an absolute treat. The golf course was gorgeous and you can tell it is well tended to. The rooms were very clean and comfortable, and the staff were amazing, especially at the front desk. Brooke was extremely helpful and efficient. Her smile and excellent customer service made my family and I feel welcome and at home. We are very appreciative of her and of Hilton.

Great customer service from Brooke, Linda and  Grace during brunch on Easter weekend!

Great stay very safe and friendly

Stacey was attentive and the food was tasty

Jarred was a great bartender kept our drinks filled and was very fun to chat with

Great experience! Would come back anytime!!!!!

We play golf at the golf course and then we went into the bar to watch the Masters. They had great food and great service. Stacy in the bar was great!

Today was just a beautiful day to spend at the Hilton Marietta Conference Center and bask in the Sun while enjoying a few cocktails and a light snack. I thought of doing a few rounds on the green, but not today, it was so peaceful. The Staff just enhanced my experience with keeping my 5 course meal coming on time and cup full... just enjoying my simple day...Thanks Hilton MCC!

This place looks like the rooms are going to run 250, 300 dollars a night. But, they don't! I was pleased with the cleanliness, the service, the fact that it has two restaurants inside the hotel, but the best part is that the parking lot is attached to the entrance for The Gone With The Wind Museum!!
I went right over there and the entrance fee is in the bookstore on your right. Only 10.50
It was a nice quiet night after I  went to the Museum and ate at the restaurant.  The Museum has beautiful outdoor gardens too. Great for taking pictures!

The front desk folks were amazing.  Best of any hotel I've visited.  Friendly, helpful, caring.

Our stay began on a positive note; however, it unfortunately escalated into a very disappointing experience.

Upon checking in and arriving on the third floor, we immediately noticed a strong odor of marijuana and cigarette smoke throughout the hallway. When we first entered our room, there was no noticeable smell, and we were grateful for that. The following day, we were away attending a work conference and spent very little time in the room. However, on the second night, the odor had become significantly more noticeable, not only in the hallway but also inside our room.

Initially, we chose not to raise a complaint, as we were focused on our work obligations and assumed the issue would resolve itself. To our surprise, we were later charged a $300 smoking fee, with the explanation that “hidden smoke detectors” had been triggered in our room. This accusation is deeply concerning, as both my coworker and I are non-smokers and did not engage in any activity that would warrant such a charge.

When we attempted to address the situation with staff, specifically an individual named Michael, we were met with a lack of professionalism and courtesy. Rather than working toward a resolution, we were dismissed, accused of being untruthful, and spoken to in a manner that was both inappropriate and disrespectful.

In addition to the smoking fee, we were also charged an extra $220 deposit, which we were told would be refunded after checkout, as we caused no damage and left the room in the same condition it was found. Given that we spent minimal time in the room and used it solely for sleeping, these charges are especially frustrating.

Overall, this experience was extremely disappointing. Being wrongly accused, charged unfairly, and treated disrespectfully by staff has left a lasting negative impression. Unfortunately, due to this situation, we will not be returning.

Our room was charged for smoking. A room that was occupied by two non smokers and no guest, mind you. We called the hotel to discuss and spoke to Michael. Michael apparently does not have a last name or any manners. Would not recommend staying here. The bogus smoking charge was bad. Michael was terrible and informed us definitively that there was nothing we could do. We would pay it and that’s that.

Last night we stayed at Hilton Atlanta/Marietta Hotel & Conference Center. Very beautiful hotel, decor. The rooms were spacious, clean, well decorated. Beds were comfortable. The view of the golf course was amazing.
We had dinner at the restaurant, all of the food,  and we ordered different things, was good. Drinks from the bar were good too. The service at the restaurant and the bar were good. However, the front desk service is where things got “interesting “. When we arrived there were 2 people at the front desk, a man and a woman. The man was already helping another guest, and the woman just set in front of her computer seemingly talking to someone. She never made an eye contact, so we patiently waited for a man to finish with the other guest. When our turn came the man was very kind and helpful. The entire time he was helping us the woman employee kelp talking. When another guest showed up and got in line behind us, the man employee asked his co-worker, who are you talking to… she responded…” if I only knew”.  She wasn’t on the phone, she wasn’t helping anyone, and the guest behind us ended up waiting for us to be done, before he was helped. Later I went back to the front desk to ask about water we typically get as Hilton members. The same woman was at the desk , only by herself this time. She asked me what level we were, because not everyone gets free water, she told me. She was very clear I was bothering and interrupting her with my silly questions. I told her we were Diamond members and she said, we are out of free water… why did you ask about the level if you are out of it? It was very clear this woman did not want to help or interact with anyone. We had another run in with her when trying to use self check out kiosk, she was annoyed with us. Perhaps hospitality is not the right line of business for this employee.

They charge for parking. So add that tax to your

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I was there on 02/27/26 for training courses at the conference center and while on lunch break around 11:45/12 pm I saw one of the employee took out an Orange from the garbage and put it on the counter where I believe they serve breakfast because there were cereals in clear dispensers I called another employee and told him about the Orange and he just moved it to another spot make the long story short another employee took the same Orange and put it in the fruits bowl I told told the front desk girl she took my contact info and said we will get in touch but never did I will not go back there to stay and I heard from my coworkers and they got sick after eating the lunch provided by the conference center

It's an excellent place. The staff was excellent and the food was great.

Teachers Annual Conference 2026

I was only at the hotel to attend the conference, but I’ve had the pleasure of meeting Robert P and he was such a joy to have as a server! He was so attentive and polite and a charming personality! I absolutely loved his energy.  I’m extremely appreciative of Robert and I really looking forward to my next visit at this beautiful hotel.
❤️❤️-JT & Gabbie from Atlanta

This place was recommended, we came here for a wedding. But I don’t recommend it. 27 bucks a day to park and breakfast buffet is 25 , that’s a little much in my opinion.

I have stayed in a lot of hotels and this has everything. The staff and facilities are amazing. My wife doesn’t like staying in hotels but loved this place.

It’s a very comfortable hotel. The staff are really friendly. The bar food is just ok. The breakfast buffet is well stocked and consistently prepared. Rooms are quiet. Nice amenities in the bathroom.

I had a wonderful experience staying in this hotel. Thank you.

You just can't go wrong when it's Hilton. The best part was the genormous parking lot they have. The location is in the heart of Marietta and very near to Marietta square the most happening place. No matter you are on a business trip or a family vacation this location will not disappoint you.

Rooms were extremely dated. Lots of scratches on the wood desk, the cabinets were all old dark wood (again with scratches). Over all it could use some work. The lobby os obviously where the money went.  Its huge with new furniture, great lighting, beautiful floors. I dont care about the lobby of anywhere I stay as long as my room is inviting and nice. You all need better advisors pn where money is spent.

Great staff and service... But frankly the rooms need a refresh. They have the old lamps with the outlets in the base. Half of them were very used/loose and didn't work.

Additionally, the bathroom layout was less than ideal... Our room needed a pocket door or some other layout - you'd have to scrunch in the corner to get to the shower.

Finally, the bathroom had a round toilet... Elongated toilets have been the standard for how long?

So yeah, great property, but they need a room refresh... I'd expect more from a conference center/high traffic hotel w the Hilton name.

Very friendly staff.

Classy hotel with a golf course and large comfortable rooms. Only one person running the front desk at 6pm the Friday after Christmas. Dining room waitstaff seemed to be getting on the job training - everyone was a little nervous and overly solicitous. No serious missteps though.

Nice hotel. Good location for coin show. The Thanksgiving lunch buffet was horrible, better turkey at Golden Corral

Very peaceful and huge golfing area, clean well kept, The staff great they get 10*..  The chess, checker's game so huge, fun .. thanks

Horrible experience. The AC did not work properly, the toilet was broken, and there was no one on site to fix it. This place deserves zero stars.

I really like this Hotel,  great views of the golf course. I think they started charging for open parking so that is disappointing

Beautiful hotel! Perfectly located in central Marietta. Well maintained golf course. Even had corn hole.

Rooms are dated. But in great condition. Has a bar that was open at ni. But the restaurant we didn't visit as it wasn't open during our visit.

Food restaurant needs to offer more varieties and flavor

We had a block of rooms for several guests for our daughter’s wedding nearby and couldn’t have been happier with the hotel.  From Ashanteh and Aimee who were just amazing at organizing the booking for the group, to Pamela at the front desk who was so accommodating and friendly, to Jared in the bar who made sure our guests had what they needed to gather and celebrate together, we couldn’t have asked for more.  The rooms were clean and spacious, with  a helpful and friendly housekeeping staff who were available to meet our needs.  One of my favorite things about the hotel was that is offered so many places for our guests to hang out and talk or enjoy the beautiful view of the sunset and the bluebirds.  If you are looking to book a block of rooms, do not hesitate to do so at the Marietta Hilton!!

We booked this for our wedding, the night before, and night of. We had a wedding block booked as well - let me tell you, this is a pig with lipstick on it.
My mother left her highly expensive diamond wrist band in the room, went back for it within 2 hours and it was already gone - all staff pretended like she was just crazy and lost it- we are 100% sure it was in there.

So besides staff being thieves, lets go into my junior suite.

AC NEVER worked, we complained within minutes of showing up first 10 minutes, took hours for maintenance to come, they claimed worked normal. So normal is - 76 degrees in June. we sweated each night, they brought a box fan in the 2nd night as they were tired of me complaining, so warm air blowing all over.
The manager was generally rude, and just mean about her replies when we brought it up. She acted like we were just complaining, and that her hotel was perfect. The room smelled moldy. A tiny bathroom, same size as the regular rooms... but this room cost 3x the price? like what.

The rooms them selves are outdated, in need of a serious face lift, the lobby, and general area feels and smells old.

I got a beer at the bar one night, in a warm mug, warm? so beer was.... warm. gross. Also how do you not carry an Atlanta staple like Sweetwater? Crazy.

You may wonder why I have not posted this in 4 months? Because my mother didn't tell me about the missing wrist band my father got her for their 50th anniversary until last week. I was going to let my wife and I terrible experience go, but after hearing that, how management spoke to them when they confronted them, and how they've given lack of care.

Location spot is great, just needs to be totally renovated, needs management swept out and new in, needs trustworthy staff.
Had the AC been addressed, and the cleaning staff not stolen the bracelet but instead called my mom to tell her they found it, they would have made customers for life - you can see my profile, I give honest reviews, leave tons of 5 stars to great worthy places.

A beautiful property, as long as it is maintained. The pub is outstanding, and Hanan is the best bartender in North America! The food is usually hit or miss.

Our new half way trip location!

The food at the pub was great!! The hotel was beautiful and clean!! BUT the lady in charge of the conference food was very rude to her co-workers....she might have been managing it but she yelled at her employee in front of a big group and I DO NOT appreciate that! There is a time and a place for disciplining your people and in front of the guest is NOT IT!!

Ran awfully! Management needs to be fired. Don’t take their word if they tell you they cancel your reservation. They just want your money.

I was there meeting with Mr.Ken Krom, catering sales manager. Hotel has been renovated since I was last here, and I must say I am impressed. Very pretty, georeous ballroom and lobby, and Mr.Krom is fantastic to work with. Highly recommend you visit.

The hotel is beautiful a d sits along a golf course allowing you to relax and enjoy the cool weather

Great place to stay in Marietta. Good location near lots of great restaurants in the downtown area. Very friendly staff and clean rooms. Beautiful property with great outdoor area and golf course.

Cleanest hotel i have ever been to.
We will be staying at these hotels from now on.

Honestly, I am not sure how to rate this. While I was there, I was RAVING about the hotel. It is gorgeous and the people that work there are amazing. However, when I returned home I realized that a bag with roughly a thousand dollars worth of merchandise I had purchased was missing. I called and asked if there was a way to review the security footage to ensure we did not just forget the bag because we would likely file an insurance claim. I was told by the woman on the phone (I assume at the desk) that there are no cameras in the hallways, elevators, or the lobby. That is absolutely terrifying and people should be made aware.

Loved our stay at the Hilton Atlanta/Marietta Hotel and Conference Center! Super easy to find and in a really convenient spot. The hotel itself is really nice, and when we forgot something in the room, the manager was so accommodating—Jorge was awesome! Highly recommend this place and we’ll definitely stay here again. Rooms were very clean and food in the restaurant was great. Staff was absolutely fantastic extremely friendly from the front desk staff to the housekeeping.

Beautiful location right next to the Gone with the wind museum. Would stay again.

Worst customer service ever. The front desk reservation couldn't be bothered to list a finger about anything and have terrible attitudes. The Hilton should feel embarrassed hiring such poor quality representatives.

What a nice grand old hotel.  Olivia at the bar is the best and a must see if you are here for a drink or food!

Very nice friendly clean hotel. I was shocked that they do not have microwaves in the rooms. Just one by the front desk. That will definitely deter me from staying there more than one night.

It’s a nice hotel, but there’s one thing that’s just ridiculous.

We stayed in a suite, to sleep “three people”. The couch accommodates for another person. That’s not the issue.

It’s the bathroom in the room.
It’s literally only 16sq ft. And that’s a generous number. That’s 16sq ft to stand in, not with the shower. Also, it’s only roughly 8sq fr.
You have to shut the door to be able to walk in or out of the shower.

We are both a typical sized person. Not over or under weight and we both struggled to use that bathroom.

The room is huge, comparatively to the size of the bathroom. There’s no need for the amount of space in this room, if it had to take up some much of that bathroom space.
I mean, it’s honestly ridiculous. I almost wanted to leave a 2 star, but I like Hilton’s and am a member for frequent travel.
This is the first one I’ve had such an issue with.

Yes, I’d recommend the hotel, however the caveat is the bathroom. If you want to ensure you could actually use it comfortably, please assess the room size for it. I would not have picked this room had I known.

Hope this helps someone in the future.

I recently stayed at the Hilton Atlanta/Marietta, and overall, it was a pleasant experience with a few areas that could use improvement.
The property itself is nice. the lobby is welcoming and bright, the grounds are well-kept.

My room was clean and functional, with everything in working order, though about half of the TV channels were offline, which was a bit disappointing.
The gym felt dated and could use some maintenance to bring it up to the standard of the rest of the property, while the pool was fine, but nothing particularly memorable.

One standout was the conference facilities, which were good. The event space was well-equipped, comfortable, and professional, making it a great setting for meetings.

On the other hand, the food was underwhelming; the quality and the choices were just disappointing.

About of service, the staff were a highlight of the stay—friendly, attentive, and efficient. Both check-in and check-out were smooth, and every interaction felt genuinely welcoming.

Lovely old hotel… being operated by mgmt on a penny pinching budget.

Absolutely MINIMAL staff… full Hilton run like one of Hilton’s budget hotels. One person at the front desk… going crazy trying to help housekeeping, address guests in the lobby, listen to the FD phones ringing off the hook and going unanswered. (I’ve stayed here multiple times … same experience every time).
Breakfast is tired, super cheap, and tastes disgusting. Dried out biscuits, gelatinous gravy, dried out scrambled eggs. bacon and cheap sausage links. No omelets to order, no smoked salmon… even Embassy Suites (another lower end Hilton brand has these at their breakfast).

This is supposed to be a full luxury Hilton. Whoever owns it and manages it, is doing so on the most limited budget.

Now they charge $27 a night for parking… in a regular parking lot with zero security. There are no longer any bellman to greet you at the front and help you unload, no valet parking, only remnants of what WAS a grand property that is now tired and who has seen more luxurious days in its past.

The one thing remaining… the majority of the staff is very pleasant and friendly… probably exhausted and demoralized… but friendly nonetheless.
And someone tell housekeeping that the guests come first… not their housekeeping staff.

Great stay! We all enjoyed the hotel, the room, and the amenities. We will definitely stay here again! Very clean with a great set up.

Positive: Beautiful Negative: No microwaves in the roomsParking - I wasn’t told at check it there was a parking fee

Positive: "" Negative: The fire alarm that blared from 1am.  They should have fully refunded the stay as it was the first night and not charge me for it because I didn’t sleep.

Grand Hilton Time!

I was charged a smoking/vaping fee for my business stay from 6/1-6/4.  I have never smoked nor vaped in my entire life.  The hotel will absolutely not refund this fee.  All they can say is based on the algorithm of the sensor it was set off when I was responsible for the room therefore I owe the fee!  This is absolutely absurd!  Believe you me if I smoked or vaped I would be complaining!  Will NEVER STAY AT THIS PROPERTY AGAIN!

Overpriced with outrageous parking charge and $25 for a pretty underwhelming breakfast. Front desk hadn't processed the payment details the travel agency had provided a month prior and claimed no knowledge of this... Although a colleague with more patience made them find the details - this has never happened with a Hilton before. Unfortunately on my second night (from 10pm) the fire alarm was on for the whole of the second floor and instead of automatically arranging new rooms on a different floor the front desk waited for guests to demand new rooms, with no form of apology offered. Overall a very disappointing stay

estoy fascinada

Overpriced, room had ants. Night stand was covered in random stains from still visible liquids. First time in 8 years of being a diamond member that I’ve showed up at a Hilton hotel with a reservation and the desk tells me they don’t have a room for me, made it seem like a nuisance to give me a room after we stood there for 10 minutes. And 27 dollars to self park a football field away. Also the fridge in the pantry area obviously does not work. Have to ask for a cold beverage. Would advise to stay elsewhere.

I really just came to post because of Ms Pamela at the front desk. Our family drove up late tonight, only to arrive at the hotel we booked (name rhymes with Byndham) only to be told they had overbooked and we had no room.

Enter desperation and frustration. We're tired, we just made it thru Atlanta traffic, told we didn't have a bed, our 9 yo son is doing tired child things...

Popped over to Hilton, where Ms Pamela was absolutely rocking the front desk! Not only did we get a bed, we got some good cheer to bring upstairs with us. With her quick smile and gracious attitude, our world was righted and I'm snug in my bed to tell y'all how wonderful Ms Pamela is! THANK YOU, MS PAMELA!

Moral of the story: don't try to cheat on Hilton because you thought it was closer to your plans. It's just not worth it! Ha!

I was set to leave a 3-star review for this highly average but nicely located hotel (if you want to be near downtown Marietta) but dropped a star when they added an absurd $27 per day parking charge. This hotel has a huge self-park surface lot with no valet or convenience. There's simply no economic justification for charging for parking here.  The rooms are fine but a little tired and reflect a subpar renovation and maintenance since. The cost is at least $100 per night more than it is worth, before accounting for the ridiculous parking. Staff was average at best with zero evidence of training, standards, or the "Southern Hospitality" you'd reasonably expect. Having golf adjacent is nice and really the only positive thing about the property other than proximity to Marietta. Unfortunately this is the only real "nice" game in town. But our stay was largely disappointing and too expensive for the real experience.

Positive: Staff was so friendly Negative: ""

This is a great hotel and golf course. I was really dissapointed that complimentary brewed coffee wasn't available in the lobby because we had other plans for breakfast.
The hotel was a $60-$100 Uber from the airport.

Don't stay here. Read the article in WSB news 5/28/25. They erroneously bill customers $300 after check out for smoking even though they didn't smoke- they used a hair dryer and steam iron which triggers their smoke sensors. The hotel and corporate won't reverse the charges. You've been warned.

Excellent hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are very clean. The lobby area is beautiful. Restaurant staff are accommodating and friendly. You won't go wrong staying here.

TLDR: Random charges and insanely rude service.

I came here on a business trip. I put my corporate card down for the room and my personal card down for the $50 incidentals hold that came off after I checked out. However, a few days later, I looked at my personal credit card and saw two $27 charges. When I called about it they said one was an authorization charge (what is that?) and the other was for parking. However they never told me there was a parking fee, and it should have gone on my corporate card regardless.

I called about this on May 24 at 9:53pm and the man on the phone said, verbatim “ohhh myyy goddddd it’s not that big a deal haha I’ll just take it off”. He then took off only one of the charges and I had to report the other one as fraud.

It was without a doubt the most unprofessional customer service I’ve ever received from Hilton, a hotel I previously considered classy. It was trashy behavior and embarrassing.

Positive: Clean- comfy bed Negative: Overpriced food & drink.  Just a stop on a road trip- was expecting something fancy- but this resort was all about golf.  I ordered a nonalcoholic drink and my husband had a drink with two shots of rum and they both cost $14 each! Really crazy prices

Positive: Location Negative: Charge for parking

I visited for a meeting. Did not stay. Meeting location was good and so was the food that was prepared.

I have stayed here several times over the past year. The hotel is immaculate and the rooms are nice and service is top notch. My only complaint is the ridiculous parking fee!  I have stayed at hotels where valet service is less, a $27.00 fee to self park is insane!

Stayed here with my boyfriend for a wedding. Received a $250 charge for "smoking cigarettes" in the room. I have never smoked in my life and would never, let alone in a hotel room. I refuse to pay for this charge as it's something i never did. However the staff is not accommodating to help me get it resolved. They say it's through a 3rd party and won't refund me. Not sure what else i can do to prove I am right but will keep calling everyday. In the meantime I will never stay at another Hilton hotel especially this hotel ever again

They charge you for smoking in the room. We did NOT smoke, nor was the alarm ever set off. When you try to fight it they say there is nothing to do because a 3rd party company does their smoke detectors. Our bank got the money back, then 3 weeks later they charged us again and said we are still liable. Don’t get scammed

This hotel is not an four star hotel.
The first night the room key card did not work they gave us new keys which did not work , they ended up sending the engineer who opened the door with a crowbar . So we were given a new room
This whole thing took over 1hour. All this after traveling all day.
We came in at 9 pm the next day. the room had not been cleaned and we had to wait over 1 and 1/2 hours for the room to be cleaned and fresh towels laid out.
Again we were exhausted after a full day.

4 star hotel my ass. Light fixture in room was hanging. Bottled water in the room cost $3. The pool isn’t open until Memorial Day despite it being 80 degrees outside. It said mountain or golf course view. We got Parkinglot view. The Parkinglot smelled of weed and no one was willing to share. I spent $160 on a room here after arguing with my male companion who just wanted a hotel room and I wanted to go to buccees. So spitefully I booked this place.

Bad mistake. They don’t even give you breakfast for this price. Does the lobby look nice? Sure but def not worth the $$$. Also we went to eat just mins from here and almost got stabbed in a taco truck Parkinglot. Be careful if you venture too far out.

Booked through Hotels.com I was charged an entirely different amount by the hotel, what for? Well it’s a surprise because Hotels.com doesn’t know and the hotel won’t provide a check out receipt to itemize the extra charges. We travel often I’ve never heard of such. When I called the 800 number he said one charge was for water, I didn’t buy or use water! I added on a night at the front desk and was given a receipt for that night. Now worst of all the inflated fees posted my account today but the fee with the deposit is still pending my account and another charge too. So I have paid for my stay plus extra for who knows what. Plus I have 2 charges totaling about $1,500 pending. I’ve been over triple charged for my stay so my wife could be seen in Atlanta for surgery. Run don’t walk from this place unless you like waiting money

Traveling with family can be challenging, but this hotel made it easy.

The location is very convenient. The only issue is how busy Powder Springs Street is during rush hour.

Beautiful location and hotel. Very nice front desk staff. Brooke and Kiersten were amazing! Parking is now secure, no problems for a while. I stayed at the Ritz in Atlanta earlier and this hotel overall was much nicer and especially much more friendly. Thank you!

The best

Came into town under emergency circumstances with a relative at Kennestone Hospital and the ladies who worked the front desk were absolutely amazing—can’t thank them enough for their hospitality!! The hotel itself is gorgeous and has great amenities that we’ll enjoy on our next visit under better circumstances.

I was just there for the coin show but everything was nice as you would expect at a Hilton!!

Went there for 4 nights on a business trip. I liked this quiet location. Food is ok and  available until reasonable time which is convenient. The view and possibly to have drink/food on the golf course is really a plus. The corridors are a bit noisy when doors closed. (20min drive from the lively places in the battery location)

Good place

Birthday Celebration

Sheila in group sales completely ghosted me! She said she had availability for our group, and when I asked for a contract to move foward... she never replied.  I asked 4 times! I understand we were not a large group and would have understood if she chose a higher ticket over ours. However the lack of communication is not ok! I expect better from a property that has been in the community for so long and a trusted brand like Hilton!

As great at this hotel and stay was, I’m giving it 5 stars because of Pam at the front desk. Not only did she go the extra mile for me, her energy was absolutely warm and welcoming. Bonus? Eagles fan! Amazing. Thank you Pam for highlighting my stay here and being great ! Give her a raise Hilton !

Friendly atmosphere and staff. Comfy beds. Rooms needed a little TLC for paint in bathroom.

I went here for a beautiful outstanding COIN SHOW!! On March 9th. It was so much fun, fascinating and I bought a lot of coins for my collections. The Hilton Atlanta/Marietta was gorgeous absolutely gorgeous from what I seen of it. The lady behind the friend desk Sunday March 9th what a beautiful sweet kind woman she is. Very professional!! I can not say how the rooms are view of anything are because I do not know. The coin show was in a big room with no windows and to be honest I was focused on coins and coins only. I do however want to return one day to stay if I'm every in need of. Hotel in that area.... Thanks for letting the Coin Show go on in your Hotel Hilton!!

Beautiful, clean, comfortable! Booked last minute as a pit stop for our roadtrip and the hotel is beautiful and well-kept. Staff were kind and accommodating, food was okay, and the bed was very comfortable with nice toiletries available also.  Was quiet and loved the golf course view. Can’t wait to return!

Here for a week of business, and I really like the spot. Beautiful grounds in this old style place (including the golf course). Good food and bar (although a tad bit pricey). The room had some water pressure issues... but overall, a good choice.

Very friendly staff. Room was comfortable. Bathroom design was cramped especially when two were trying to use it. Door to bathroom should open toward closet or be a slider to give more room.
The Pub was a great place to sit and talk while enjoying a beverage and bite to eat.

The parking fee was absurd.  One of the biggest parking lots I’ve seen at a hotel.  It was 90% empty, and the fee I think was$27
Total rip off to your customers

I want to commend the service of the front desk staff, and especially Ugo, for their exceptional service. Ugo made my stay and is the reason I’ll be returning to this hotel.

Very friendly and helpful employees.

Tom, the night shift desk clerk was excellent. Very friendly, professional and helpful, which I haven’t seen during any of my previous visits to other hotels.

With a beautiful facility, location and gorgeous views, this hotel would shine with more attention to detail. The toiletries tray was empty except for a bar of soap. The shower temperature couldn’t be adjusted without being under the shower. The outlets for charging didn’t work unless the lamps were on, not optimal for overnight charging. The hotel provided an extra charge pad, but only one side of the bed. Wall plugs were scarce. I found one plug under the desk.
Service was friendly and attentive for dinner in the lounge. It was abysmal in the Hamilton Room for breakfast. No one says “Good Morning” or even acknowledges we are there. There weren’t many diners, so it was easy to seat ourselves. Our waiter stayed behind his station enclosure. He didn’t approach the table. We went to the breakfast buffet. It was well intentioned with a broad offering. Scrambled eggs were powdered. Biscuits and waffles were cold and hard, but there was a nice assortment of fruit and yogurt. No one came to the table to offer drinks. I went to the wait station enclosure to ask for iced tea. They didn’t have it because they ran out of filters. So I asked for hot tea and a glass of ice. He seemed irritated and said they didn’t have it. I asked if they had tea bags. Yes. He brought a tea bag and glass of ice to the table. I went back to his enclosure for hot water. Then back for lemon. No water offered, no checking to see if we needed anything, or to clear plates. I went back to his enclosure to ask for our check. He brought it to the table. The pen didn’t work. I went back to his enclosure and got another pen. It didn’t work. I went back to the enclosure for another pen. It worked.
What happened to Hilton?

Decent hotel.  Great location.  But when the breakdown of the charges come, a $140 a night room is $194!  Taxes, fees, and $27 a night to park there.  Really?

Hotel is GRAND & BEAUTIFUL.

During reception, Ugo was quite welcoming & very helpful during check-in.

The rooms have NO MICROWAVES.  There is one communal microwave available in the lobby for all throughout the hotel to use.

Dinner in the restaurant was not prepared as ordered.

The breakfast (additional fee) & breakfast attendant was a much added value to our 2 day stay.

During the early morning hours (7a.m.-9a.m.), the housekeeping crew was very loud in the passageway.  When we made her aware of the disturbing noise level (allowing each door to slam), she disregarded & carried on as she had been doing previously.  Both days of our stay.  During a ROAD TRIP, being able to sleep adequately & UNDISTURBED in order to DRIVE SAFELY is paramount.

Our stay was not equal to the FIRST impression of this hotel as we arrived.

Lovely older hotel that retains it's charm, but also has been updated. The rooms have plenty of outlets, a big tv, nice furnishings and good water pressure

Beautiful room, great bartenders at the Pub, beautiful place

Outstanding Conference Center 🇺🇸

This hotel is beautiful and looks like the White House. The golf course view is amazing.

From the front desk, to the bar staff, to the breakfast staff everyone treated me with such a genuine kindness. You could truly tell that the employees there  found joy in their roles. The property cleanliness was top notch with the beds being insanely comfy & the bathroom pristine.
As an added bonus, the view from the back of the hotel overlooking the golf course is beautiful. We got there just in time for a gorgeous sunset!
Thank you to Michael, Murray, Chris, Brooke, Leslie, & Jared (I may have his name wrong but he’s the bartender in the pub)!!

Maybe I missed it, but I couldn't find a safe in the room and could have used one.

Everyone was very polite and helpful!!! The hotel is absolutely beautiful!! The beds are incredibly comfortable and the shower accommodations were amazing!! Highly recommend that you stay here!! Sharing a photo of the view from our room... breathtaking!!!

I was there on a business trip I saw a ghost down the hall. I didn't come back out of my room until the next morning

This Hilton has an old southern feel but it's modern. Easy self parking, nice spacious rooms and comfy beds. The highlight is the back patio with views of the golf course. I stayed in June so most guests would come and hang out on the patio at night.

Traffic can be terrible in the area, it's an old but remodeled

We arrived by motorcycle in the middle of the storm.  Lindsey, at the front desk, helped us with an early check inn so we could have an immediate warm shower.  Felicita gave us warm  food and coffee, even though breakfast time had ended.     Jack, at bar, entertained us all afternoon with nice drinks and better conversation.    All with empathy an excellent spirit.  Thank you for a wonderful day at the Marietta Hilton during hurricane Helene!!!!
We surely be back soon!

Celebrated Elaine Armester
Birthday. Absolutely beautiful  Restaurant; friendly, courteous service.

Stay at your own risk - fire alarm goes off at random for 45+ minutes each time. No actual emergency. Happened twice during our 3 night stay and multiple people joked about it being a common occurrence. Fire department showed up only after a call from someone staying here and firefighter confirmed that they do not get notified each time it goes off.

I stayed at this hotel recently while in town for a seminar. It was ok, but nothing really special about it besides being right next to the golf course. The rooms were ok, but I’ve stayed in holidays inns about the same. It was clean so that is a plus. However, a week after checking out I noticed an additional charge to my credit card. I called the hotel and they said it was a parking fee. I told them the booking never mentioned needing to pay for parking, and upon arrival checking in I asked if there were an additional costs when giving my credit card for a hold, they said no it was just for a hold. At check out I again asked to make sure there were no additional charges and they said no I was good to go and no additional charges. So more of my frustration is a lack of transparency about a $23 per night parking fee than the actual fees for the nights I was there. I was also only one of about 15 total cars parked at the entire hotel in a massive parking lot nowhere near downtown so I’m surprised there is a fee at all to park. This place was absolutely dead to the point I never saw someone in the hotel bar or restaurant. It was ok but I would just stay somewhere else if I came back to Marietta due to the cost and a feeling of not any real justification for it costing as much as it did.

Beautiful from the outside, Rooms were a little outdated. Pool is run down and not a good location. Located next to a generator that was SO loud it was hard to relax. The golf course is beautiful and kept up nicely. The bar was nice as well.

I was surprised to find when I arrived that on top of a pretty expensive room, we were also expected to pay $23 PER NIGHT parking. I could understand this in a city with not much parking, but this parking lot is enormous. I thought for such an expensive hotel room that parking would be included. Of course, everyone else cost money as well. Don’t drink the water in the room unless you want to pay $3 for a bottle.

We showed up a bit early for check in and were told that our room was clean and ready. I was excited that I could get in after traveling for hours. But even though my room was ready, i would still need to pay the $50 early check in fee if I wanted to get in.

There really is no perk for being a Hilton honors member, you are gold, diamond, or platinum. Not even a free bottle of water or a parking spot.

Not good for an extended stay.  Room was comphy but no streaming media.  No movies to buy.  Downtown Marrietta offers dining choices but getting there and parking is a pain.  Breakfast will cost you half your per diem.

Beautiful hotel. Dinner and breakfast were good. Breakfast was the buffet and included your basic options. Dinner was in the bar room. Bartenders were friendly and made good drinks.

The hotel is awesome.  I came with family.  Debra was a beautiful bright light at the desk.  Her personality and experience and smile made us all happy to be there.  And the Oscar goes to Debra... for outstanding customer servicem. Thank you all.

Beautiful location. Staff is wonderful. Quiet at night.

Great service, especially at breakfast. Location is peaceful and calming.

I recently stayed at the Hilton in Marietta and unfortunately had a very disappointing experience. On the first night, I had to relocate rooms due to mold all over the restroom in the original room. The new room wasn't much better—over 15 ladybugs were flying around and crawling on the carpet, walls, curtains, ceiling and sheets. After removing most of them, I went to bed only to find significantly more ladybugs the next day, along with blood stains on the carpet.

I called the front desk on my cellphone as the phone in the room did not work. While Tom was helpful and quickly moved me to another room, the overall quality of the stay was severely compromised. The new room had significant dust in the vents. Additionally, the complimentary breakfast provided as compensation was subpar.

Overall, I am really disappointed with the quality of the rooms and the food. I hope the hotel addresses these issues to prevent future guests from having similar experiences as the property is beautiful and the staff is really nice. The potential is certainly there.

The staff here was above and beyond in accommodating and friendliness. Breakfast was delicious and Cleveland our server was so personable. The hotel is absolutely stunning inside and out. The hotel was quiet and people were just so friendly. Keep it up Marietta Hilton, you’re doing a fantastic job.

I walked in to this hotel on 7/13 @ around 8:30pm and asked the man at the desk if they had any rooms available for that night. His response. “Not really”. I said ok? What does not really mean? Either you have one or you don’t. He continues to tell me he has 2 but they are “very expensive”. I then asked him if there was a suite because online it said there was, he continued being super rude and saying he doesn’t know why it says that and that’s not the room he has.
I am a very nice/polite person.. I was willing to pay whatever the price was. I was playing in local softball tournament and needed a room for one night and it’s so unfortunate that the front desk man can’t have any respect or professionalism aka do his job.

Nice. Clean. Enjoyed for a weekend in Atlanta.

We came for the weekend to attend a wedding. We paid $384/night for a king room that was supposed to be upgraded. I don’t think the bed was actually a king (we have a king at home and this bed was noticeably smaller). The room was overall much dingier than I’d expect at this price point. There were holes in the ceiling of the bathroom, tons of stains on the floors and carpet, and it smelled like mildew. The bathroom also just had old dirt and dust in the corners like it hadn’t been deep cleaned for a hot second.
That being said the staff was super friendly and helpful. Zero complaints on that front.
Overall very disappointed that we dropped almost $1000 here when we could have saved half of that at a Holiday Inn.

Absolutely beautiful hotel in a great location.

Bar service was very slow. Employees were at the end of the bar talking and would not check on patrons. Upside is there is no possible way to be over served here. Service is extremely slow

The manager was too busy to come out and acknowledge my business. I was very disappointed with the level of service. The front desk employee tried her best.

My son stayed there got robbed window broken out along with 6 other vehicles. Very dangerous the security guard happened to take off. They done nothing about and police said this wasn’t the first time….. think about it before you stay here!

Great stay

All the staff was super nice.

The only positive for this hotel is the location. The service is awful, the food options are limited and the rooms are subpar. If the staff was helpful and pleasant I would still stay here because of the location but due to the staffs inability to provide basic customer service we will have to stay elsewhere.

Beautiful property and wonderful staff, the only reason I can't give it a 5:* across the board was the so called sports pub food was so so, understaffed and needs to be cleaned! Behind the bar was well not up to standards! Check in a breeze! Front house friendly! Rooms clean and comfy! 10$ park fee a joke! what if I Uber in? LoL! Come on! There's no bellman? Or vallet service the day we arrived!

Stayed here for a few days .I felt it was a little over priced . The paint in the bathroom was peeling off the walls .It was very noticeable and the bathroom vent wasn't working but the room was very clean. Everything else about the hotel was great

The hostess was watching videos on their phone and did not tend to the people at the front desk until requested to do so. The AC in the bedroom was not functional. The rooms are outdated.

One of the nicest Hilton hotels I’ve stayed recently. Room was very clean and comfortable.

We stayed at this hotel for a total of 3 weeks so I really hope this feedback is taken seriously with management.

I’ll start with the good - the beds were extremely comfy, and we loved the outdoor seating. The location is good by the square and many restaurants nearby.

As for the negative - the cleanliness of the hotel rooms was pitiful. I had to basically BERATE the receptionists to deep clean our room just ONCE and it happened….once. In 3 weeks. THREE!! (And by deep clean I simply mean taking a sponge to the counters and doing a vacuum and sheet change). The absolute bare minumum. Now, this is no fault to the house keepers. House keepers are notoriously overworked and underpaid - but this is the HILTON we’re talking about - not Comfort Inn or Motel 6.

Please invest more time and training in your housekeepers! In our 3 week stay we had THREE different scenarios where a housekeeper walked in on us, after NO KNOCK! Thankfully we were dressed, but what if that wasn’t the case? This is totally unacceptable and needs to be addressed in more thorough training. In addition, many of them were banging on doors and screaming “HOUSEKEEPING!!!” at 8AM so the ‘Do Not Disturb’ signs were pretty pointless for anyone else on that hall.

Not a single day (unless asked unnecessarily and repeatedly) were our toilets cleaned, our counters wiped down, our room vacuumed - in 21 days. The bathroom vents looked like they hadn’t been cleaned out in 10 years - the picture doesn’t do it justice. And below is attached pictures of how our beds were “made” many days when we’d return to the room. Absolutely shocking! I really implore the management of Hilton to take 2024 as a year of investment in your housekeeping staff and TRAINING as this is NOT the Hilton Standard. Because of my husband’s job we are limited on hotel stays and may have to stay at this property again. I really hope that our feedback can not only be heard but put into action so that this isn’t our experience (or anyone else’s) again.

Nice and quiet area with walking distance to historical Marietta square. Fantastic view over the golf course. Good rates but relatively expensive breakfast. Extra plus for the friendly staff.

I struggle with this review. The hotel itself is beautiful. The staff is great. However, our car along with 27 others were broken in to in one night and windows were smashed. This is a reoccurring problem and the hotel hasn’t taken any additional measures to secure the premises. Beautiful place but not worth the hassle that could be prevented with proper security.

Stay here if you want your vehicle broken into!
One would assume being on the golf course and staying at this nice of a Hilton would mean they cared for vehicles parked on their property, turns out thieves got the memo too. I was one of 28 vehicles and counting that was hit on a random Wednesday morning at 5AM. But sure, they refunded me for that night's stay as an apology....
Avoid at ALL costs if you value your safety and personal belongings!!!

Should provide a free breakfast. Breakfast is 25 a person with tax

Very nice stay. Hot water for the bath is very good, beautiful setting. Staff is top notch. Vickie at the front desk made me feel so welcome I extended my stay by two days. She creates an environment that feels like home.

I just don't understand why it's so difficult trying to get in touch with someone here? I've been trying to reach Sales for over a week and can't get a call back, then in hold for 10 minutes only to be transferred to a voicemail.

Great place!!! Staff are the best!!! You won’t regret staying at this hotel. Beautiful and exquisite.

My family and I came for a tragic and unexpected funeral. While we were there 7 family members vehicles were broken into and vandalized all in the same are and time at night. When the front desk was notified they informed us that there were no security cameras in the parking area and that it basically wasn’t their problem because that area was public property amd not Hilton’s. The next night when they were asked could we park in a lighted secure area which was closer to the hotel they told us no and the person I spoke to informed me he was aware of why I was there and he had been “dealing” with our funeral party all day. Keep in mind the parking area we parked at was the parking lot for the hotel. It was already a tragic event and the stay at this Hilton made it that much worse.

Have stayed here a few times, always the best experience

Dog friendly, great staff,that are very accommodating, and just a reminder they don't allow any smoking 🚭 on the property at all no vaping either found out the hard way and set the fire alarm off! Can laugh about it now 😂🤣😂, but all and had a good visit!!

Great location and great service.

The staff was very friendly! Robert at the pub waited on me my first night here, I was here for 2 more nights and he remembered me and made it a point to greet me with a smile, and always asked how I was doing. We need more Roberts working in customer service! He is definitely an asset!

Check for bed bugs before accepting a room. I was disappointed when I woke up on check out day to find out I wasn’t the only thing in the bed. Bed bugs in multiple locations. I informed the clerk in the hotel and was offered a snack no charge which I did not accept. I had to bag up and disinfect my clothes and myself when getting home to prevent any potential spread. Will not be staying at this location again. I reached out to Hilton to make it right but have not gotten any response. As a gold member and a frequent traveler for work I am thinking of switching to Marriott.

My wife and I spent four days at this beautiful location. The professionalism and kindness was overwhelmingly unique.
The following deserve our recognition, and appreciation:

Erika Garcia(waitress) her mother who works with her, Bartenders Robert & Josh, Michael, Front Office Supervisor, Mike,Food & Beverage Director, Kendra, Director of Sales, Derrick, Front Desk Supervisor.

Once again, our stay was so important for my wife of 55 years will be undergoing chemo by the end of this month once we return home. We were here to visit with our oldest of five who lives here Marietta as a high school teacher.

The entire staff from February 19 to February 23, gave us a most happy visit.

All so unbelievably kind!!!! Jim And Donna Bandy

My fiancé and I are trying to reserve a block of rooms for our wedding and the process has been a nightmare. First they got his phone number wrong which delayed initial communication, then they misspelled his email address further delaying communication. Emails and phone calls go multiple days without being answered, if answered at all. It took them 3 weeks to send over a proposal, but when it finally got to him, the proposal had an obvious error in the price. He emailed to ask for a correction with no response. Three days later, he followed up. This was earlier in the week and it is now Friday and we still haven’t heard anything. I emailed the property yesterday to inquire and they have not gotten back to me. Looks like they respond to reviews so maybe this will get their attention.

Absolutely lovely staff. Rooms were clean & spacious, bathrooms were well-equipped, and the fitness center on the lower level was more than serviceable.

Some key considerations if you are planning to stay here:
- Room service: Menu is a subset of the sit-down menu at "By George." I ordered room service four times (1x breakfast, 1x brunch, 2x dinner) during my stay and my food always arrived in a timely fashion with all items at the right temperature.
- Fitness center: Similar to an "office gym" with treadmills, cable station, and dumbbells up to 50 lbs. There were 2 adjustable benches.

I stayed here during Dreamhack Atlanta (IEM Atlanta) 2026. The convention center was walkable (~25 mins) via Luckie St NW through the centennial olympic park. There is certainly less foot traffic around the Candler, which I found to be nice after spending a long day in a packed convention center.

Location was good, room was clean, and the restaurant in house was great. Not to mention, Natalia, the front desk clerk was very pleasant and accomodating. Great customer service and experience overall.

Lavette and Jerome are the absolute best!!! The sweetest most kindest people ever to exist!!! I love them!!! Highly recommend this hotel and its people!!!!!!!! 10:10!!!!! ♥️

We had an amazing stay at The Candler Hotel over Mother’s Day weekend! The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful, relaxing, and full of charm. From the moment we arrived, the staff was attentive, welcoming, and genuinely engaging, which made our stay feel extra special.|We also had brunch at their restaurant - by George, and everything was wonderful. The staff was amazing, the food was delicious, and the rum punch is an absolute must-have! It was easily one of the highlights of the weekend.|One of the things I enjoyed most was learning about the rich history of the hotel. It truly adds to the unique experience and makes The Candler feel like such a special place to visit.|Highly recommend for anyone looking for a memorable stay in Atlanta!|D. Cumberbatch

Absolutely gorgeous hotel with amazing service. Concierge gave me the opportunity to stay in such a beautiful room. I asked for a good view and wow did I get it! Bed was comfortable, hotel was quiet, restaurant/room service was delicious. Everything was so stylish. Would highly recommend and will be a repeat customer if I find myself in Atlanta again.

The best hotel I’ve been to in a long time! I was celebrating my 6 month anniversary and the room was spectacular. From the moment I arrived, the valet and front desk staff were kind. Once I stepped in my room, my mind was blown away. Large, city view, and the tub is to die for. You know I had to put it to the test (1 king bed room suite w/city view). Also, room service options are a little limited, but I got pancakes (weren’t on the menu) which were really good. Also close to local restaurants, bars, and cafes.

The hotel was amazing. The concierge and valet services were impeccable. Mrs. Lavette and Mr. Jerome were both efficient and pleasant. Looking forward to returning soon!

This hotel is phenomenal. Great rooms and service. They have a great bar and restaurant. This is my favorite hotel I’ve stayed at. Unfortunately, the valet was not so good. I found my truck in 4 wheel drive unnecessarily. It came across as them trying to intentionally try to tear it up and I saw them driving it hard. I would very strongly advise against using the valet with your personal vehicle. The hotel itself is an easy 5 stars.

Beautiful hotel in a nice location. The restaurant on the main floor also offers a nice menu.

Dined there solo, at the Bar. Excellent food.

This stay was awesome! It was so beautiful, and it was a wonderful place to spend our first night as a married couple. Germaine and Natalia went above and beyond! We also loved the architecture!

Hotel was nice and the restaurant was delicious, both breakfast and dinner. Service, especially Jermaine and the valet staff are top tier.

Gorgeous hotel that is walking distance to the State Farm Arena and the Olympic Park. Service was fabulous too. The restaurant had an incredible breakfast menu.

Vistied The Candler last week for a concert and it was an amazing stay. The rooms were great and the best part was the service.Thank you to the wonderful staff that let me take his photo.

The valet and front door gentlemen were awesome! They were
personable,  kind, and helpful.  The room was quiet, clean, and comfortable. We could walk everywhere in downtown Atlanta.

We had an amazing stay at this hotel! The location is absolutely perfect if you’re visiting Atlanta especially if you’re planning to check out the Georgia Aquarium or the World of Coca-Cola. Both are just a short 15-minute walk, which made exploring the city so easy and convenient.

A special thank you to Jermaine, who was incredibly helpful when we arrived. He assisted us with unloading the car and took the time to walk us through how to get around the city, which made a huge difference in starting our trip off smoothly.

The overall experience was fantastic, and the service truly stood out. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Atlanta, and we will absolutely be staying here again on our next trip!

The valet service was kind and helpful, and the staff was great at making sure our bags got to our room. That was when all of the service stopped. The toilet in our room was obviously not flushing on first use (not clogged, just not flushing at all). Tried calling guest services who transferred me to the front desk twice. No one would answer, so I had to walk down and wait in line. Two women were working the desk and would only help one person at a time (one working, one just standing there). I got to the front of the line and told them what was going on, and there was no apology or concern shown at all. They called “engineering” and told me he’d be to my room when he could. Considering how much I paid for the room and that this hotel is supposed to be 4 star, this is unacceptable service. We can’t use our bathroom until someone shows up, and we don’t know when that will be. This is after we’ve been driving for 11 hours and just want a shower and some rest.

Editing to add: I had to go back down to the front desk after 30+ minutes and ask to be moved to a different room. Maintenance showed up as we were leaving the room to let us know we’d disrupted his lunch break. We were moved to a room with a smaller bathroom, a main lamp that doesn’t work, and a huge chunk missing out of the countertop in the bathroom. I wouldn’t care about these things if this were a budget motel, but this place promises a lot and has really underdelivered.

Front desk will not answer the phone. Don’t bother calling guest services - they just transfer you to the front desk who don’t answer. Had to go down in person to ask for my car. Towels are thin and cheap. Bed isn’t that comfortable. Just overall unimpressed and won’t be back.

We had an absolute great time! So close to State Farm arena and everyone was so kind, especially, Jermaine! Absolutely loved it and we will be back

I can't say enough good things about our stay here at the Chandler Hotel! When you need a place to stay away from home, I hope you are able to enjoy a wonderful stay at a location like this! From the moment we got to the hotel, Jerome with Valet was warm, accommodating, and made sure to ask us every day if there was anything he could do to make our stay more enjoyable.
We came to Georgia for my 16 year old daughter’s dream trip after she beat cancer, and Jerome made sure to have a wonderful welcome waiting in the room when we arrived (my daughter’s love language is snacks!), and even printed a beautiful picture of her and some of the aquariums sharks!
Even though there was a DECA convention going on the weekend we were there, it was not an inconvenience at all because the hotel and valet staff made sure to keep everyone well taken care of.
The room was gorgeous, and the bathroom was so spacious! I love that there was a plush robe in the room closet, it was so lovely to slip into after taking a shower before bed!
This hotel was in the heart of downtown, and super closer to the Georgia Aquarium (where my daughter came to swim with the whale sharks). We will definitely come back next time we are in town!

We’ve just left after an outstanding couple of days at this wonderful hotel.  We arrived late, tired and jet lagged after a 16 hour journey to be met by one of the warmest receptionists we’ve ever encountered.  (Colombian lady who studied in Eastbourne in England for a while - we can’t believe we didn’t get her name).  Her friendly but professional demeanour set the tone for our entire stay - the hotel has a group of staff who are determined to make their guests happy and who clearly take enormous pride in doing so.  Big thanks to Jermaine on the front door who recommended Gus’s chicken for lunch and who was outstanding friendly to us throughout our stay.  The hotel is a wonderful conversion of a building with plenty of history, the bedroom was immaculately presented too.  We were sorry to leave but excited to return in a couple of weeks at the end of our road trip.  With thanks to the team!

This is a beautiful hotel in the heart of Atlanta. Beautiful views of the city. Staff was amazing! Jermaine, bellman, was super friendly and incredibly helpful. And James in the restaurant was the best server we've had in quite a long time. The food in the restaurant was impeccable delicious, and please don't skip those cornbread muffin biscuits.

I had an amazing stay at the The Candler Hotel Atlanta. The ambience is beautiful—bright, welcoming, and thoughtfully designed. From the moment I arrived, the check-in process was seamless, and the staff made a great first impression.

The rooms were spotless and well-maintained, which I really appreciated. The location is another huge plus—very walkable and close to everything, making it easy to get around and enjoy the city.

A special shoutout to Natalia, who checked me in and went above and beyond to make me feel welcome. She even helped with my bags and created such a warm, memorable arrival experience.

I’ll definitely be back—highly recommend!

The hotel lobby is beautiful. The staff are all so very friendly, especially the gentlemen working in the valet/bellhop service. Jermaine helped us with our bags and when there was an issue with our Uber driver, her tried to reason with the driver on our behalf and remained professional and courteous the entire time. He went above and beyond exceptional customer service. Thank you for a wonderful experience.

This hotel is absolutely beautiful! Perfect choice for a perfect getaway. The interior is reminiscent of the old hotel styles with the floors, marble walls, and columns. The ceilings and chandeliers look amazing! The staff members are very friendly and helpful. The restaurant onsite By George, DELICIOUS! We went twice during our stay and we were not disappointed. If you’re there, ask for JAMES! He made our dining experience even better and then provided us with a tour of the Coca Cola vault. It was awesome sauce!

Only issue we ran into was prom night families overtaking the lobby for unauthorized photo shoots. These incidents were overwhelming for the staff members and the students and their families were very rude to the staff. It got so bad that they had to turn off all the lighting in the lobby and stairwells. Unfortunately, it happened on the same night that we were attending a gala. It prevented the paying guests from taking photos and staff members refused to turn the lights on for us. Disappointing but we understood.  This incident was the only problem we ran into but not enough of a problem to keep us away. We will definitely stay here again and I suggest you do the same.

We stayed here 2 weekends ago for a staycation because our daughter's prom was at the Georgia Aquarium down the street, and it was perfect! The rooms were nice, and we loved the king-size beds and huge bathrooms. Everyone, from the bellmen to the front desk clerks, was great. We had dinner at the restaurant on Saturday and brunch on Sunday morning, and everything was delicious!

Overall it's an okay hotel. The building itself is interesting with a unique historical element, the rooms are nothing special. There were one or two staff members who were exceptionally kind, but in general, you can find better service at a Best Western. Quite a few of the staff members were quite inhospitable, and the majority of the employees were unhelpful and far from outgoing.  Pretty lackluster experience all around. If you're in need of any assistance during your stay, be prepared to wait for 6-24+ hours, unless you're unnecessarily persistent.

Amazing hotel!  Great service, room, restaurant, and bar!

Lobbies could be cleaner

If you are considering staying downtown, you should absolutely take a very serious look at The Candler Hotel. The location has repeatedly been in walking distance for our events and the area is rich with culture and amazing food, including The Candler's own, By George restaurant and bar, where Irish attended to our every need once again, leaving us wanting for absolutely nothing.

The level of service and professionalism is a cut above, even compared with other boutique and historic hotels. Valet and bell service are standing by at check in and insistently helpful in the best way. Jermaine and Lavette took the very best care of us with a warmth and charisma we rarely see anywhere, and insightful inquiries and suggestions for our current stay as well as our next. They truly make you feel like family and royalty at the same time.

Had a great experience at this hotel!!! Jermaine and Jerome at the front lobby were specifically extremely helpful and polite! They put a smile on my face along with my family! We loved the hotel restaurant and the wait staff was impeccable! We can’t wait to come back!

My second stay at The Candler was just as enjoyable as the first stay several years ago. I chose this hotel over the many others in the area because of its elegance, tasteful  interior design and friendly, attentive staff. Jerome, Lavelle, Avery, Natalia and every other staff member I came in contact with (reception, door, housekeeping)  --- thank you for making my stay so comfortable and enjoyable. I'll be seeing you again soon, I hope!

Our stay at The Candler Hotel was truly exceptional from beginning to end. The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful, blending historic charm with modern luxury in a way that makes you feel comfortable and impressed the moment you walk through the doors. The atmosphere is elegant, the rooms are spotless and well-appointed, and every detail throughout the property reflects a high level of care and professionalism.

What made our experience especially memorable was the incredible hospitality we received from Natalia. She went above and beyond to make sure our stay was perfect in every way. From the moment we arrived, Natalia made us feel welcomed, valued, and genuinely cared for. She was attentive, professional, and always available whenever we needed assistance.

No matter what we asked for, Natalia handled everything quickly and with a positive attitude. Whether it was recommendations, accommodations, or making sure we had everything we needed to feel comfortable, she consistently exceeded expectations. Her attention to detail and commitment to guest satisfaction truly stood out and made a lasting impression on us.

It’s rare to come across someone who takes such pride in their work and goes the extra mile to ensure guests have an amazing experience. Natalia’s warmth, kindness, and dedication elevated our stay and turned what would have already been a great hotel visit into something unforgettable.

The Candler Hotel is fortunate to have someone like Natalia representing their team. She is a true asset to the property, and because of her outstanding service, we would absolutely return and highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Atlanta. Thank you again for such a wonderful experience.

Shout out to the front desk staff - Natalia! So kind, nice, and helpful when responding to my requests! Service is above and beyond! Comfortable stay!

If i could give this hotel a zero star I will. I checked into the hotel around 3:30-4:00 pm and went straight to my room about 30 to 40 mins later I get a knock on my door with two guys saying in a very low pitch voice house keeping I preced to the door and told them that they were not needed well the gentleman proceeded to open the door and come in luckily had the door stop open to prevent the gentleman's from coming into the room. There was not a request for house keeping there for it  was no reason for housekeeping I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone due to safety concerns and hotel room key access being a concern.

Hands down one of the best experiences I have had in ATL. Restaurant in the hotel was near by and the bartender with the short hair can make a mean drink. The stars were the service I got from Jerome and Jermaine, anything I needed or advice and they were on it. This hotel exceeded by expectations. I was able to walk to the arena in 13 mins and to other restaurants and lounges. I will be back.

As soon as I pulled up they were so nice. They told me how everything works while I was still in my car and were willing to show me where my room was. The room is clean and the soaps smell very clean and light. The staff will go above and beyond for you at the drop of a hat. This hotel truly deserves it's 4 star rating

Truly a lovely stay with great amenities. Incredible staff, especially Germain who was friendly and helpful.

I loved the all the services in the Candler hotel. I would love to come back in atlanta

Joy was amazing ! Greated us like she knew us for years! Because Joy brought joy to our stay we will be back 1000%. Thank you!

Staff service was impeccable. Each person was pleasant and helpful on any question or request. I especially recognize Jermaine. His friendly, winsome demeanor is worth lauding. On top, he’s genuinely interested in guests’ well-being. If not for his dash to retrieve stuff I left behind, my trip would have concluded on a definite downbeat. Phew!

Super nice.

Amazing. This was my first time visiting this hotel and we chose to dine in. When using valet, we were greeted by Jermaine and he was very caring & kind. Great service, great staff, and great food. Will be visiting again!

My daughter always wanted to visit the aquarium in Atlanta so we took a quick weekend getaway together and stayed at the Candler Hotel. Not only was the hotel convenient to the aquarium, Centennial Park, and other attractions, it was a wonderful experience in and of itself. The architecture is gorgeous, the history of the building is fascinating, and the rooms are lovely and well maintained. Above all, the staff is outstanding. Jerome greeted us when we first arrived and could not have been kinder or more attentive. He was a wonderful person to introduce us to the area, and continually went out of his way to make sure we were having a nice stay. Similarly, Dwayne took time out of his busy day to show us some of the history of the Candler building, including the Coca Cola vault. We would have missed out on the incredible history of the building if it wasn't for Dwayne. My family loves to travel and we rarely visit the same place twice. Thanks to Jerome and Dwayne and the wonderful stay we had, we plan to return to the Candler Hotel with our entire family.

A beautiful hotel with super friendly staff. We had breakfast in the restaurant. It is beautiful. The staff was efficient and friendly. The breakfast was yummy and there wasn't a wait for a table. The hotel is conviently located to state farm arena, centennial park, great restaurants and bars but that also makes it very noisy from all the traffic late at night when there are multiple events occurring. The interior of the hotel is quiet but there is no escaping the noise from loud vehicles late into the night. Beautiful hotel but very noisy.

The Candler is a gorgeous hotel!  The check-in process was rather hurried, though.  The young woman who attended to us rushed through all the instructions and information so quickly (reciting a script in her head, rather than relaying the information at a pace we could process).  I had booked direct, online, and called beforehand to confirm.  I'd also checked in via the Hilton app.  Despite all of that, check-in took as long and was as wordy as if I'd not done any of it.  I thought the point was to streamline that process.

The valet staff was delightful!  I didn't think I'd have to wait so long for my car each time (upwards of 10 minutes), but I guess that's just the time it takes on a Friday and Saturday.  Regardless, they were all very friendly and efficient.  (One very nice young man was, unfortunately, DRENCHED in cologne.  I had to drive with the windows open for 20 minutes to get rid of the smell.  I did speak to someone about this, so hopefully that won't be an issue going forward.)  We tipped all three times we had the car brought to us.  The older gentleman who was coordinating the valets was such a treasure!  He spoke to everyone coming and going to make sure they had everything they needed and politely and respectfully offered his hand to the multitude of high-heeled ladies navigating the steps.  He was genteel, as well as exceptional at his job.

The room (#1407) was HUGE!  It was the largest room we've ever stayed in except for the $1200/night Kahala Hilton on Oahu, HI.  The bathroom is enormous!  We had a nice city view (not main ATL skyline) from this room and it was beautiful all lit up at night. The bathroom door squeaked terribly, so late night trips were sleep-disturbing.  I mentioned this to the front desk, so perhaps it's been remedied.

We brought our Roku with us so we could watch our own channels, so I can't speak to the TV guide/programs available.  The beds were comfortable and there were FOUR big pillows on each bed! ♡♡♡♡

Despite the couple of very small problems which are very likely fixed by now, we would 100% stay at the Candler in the future.  It is immaculate, elegant, and comfortable.  I recommend!

The atmosphere, location, and service of this hotel was amazing! Centrally located to dozens of great restaurants and landmarks, it represents a wonderful combination of historic construction with modern amenities. Jerome, Germane, Natalia and the rest of the staff were absolutely stunning in their pursuit to ensure we had an unforgettable experience. Thank you Candler Hotel!

We have stayed at the Candler several times over the past year or two and our stay is excellent every time!!  The rooms are comfortable and very clean (I can tell the cleaners have gone over and above what other hotels do for cleaning), the building is gorgeous and well maintained, and the food is great!  Most of all Jerome is extremely kind, helpful, and friendly!! He consistently provides EXCELLENT customer service.  I hurt my back before this last stay and he was so caring and willing to help with anything I needed.  You just don't see customer service like this anymore.  Lavette was also very sweet and kind and helpful!!  They are awesome!!!

Nick was amazing with helping me book. Thank you so much!

We used this hotel to break up our flight and it’s everything we required it to be. Approximately 20 mins in an uber from the airport, great location in the centre of Atlanta, short walk to the aquarium. The room was large, comfortable mattress, strong power shower. Quick check in, a cheeky cocktail post exploring. Woke refreshed and happy to continue or journey onwards. If you are transiting through Atlanta this is a great choice over a nondescript airport hotel

Jerome was so helpful and attentive to me and my Husband we appreciate him so much for everything he did to make our stay a memorable one.. We definitely enjoyed the entire staff as well everyone was kind, respectful and just awesome. We will definitely be back, I think this has became our number one hotel in Atlanta. See you guys soon!!!!

We recently stayed at the The Candler Hotel Atlanta, for a 4-day trip with our family of three and two dogs, and the experience was outstanding. The service and hospitality from the entire staff were top-notch from start to finish.

Traveling with a stroller and two dogs can be challenging, but getting around the hotel was smooth thanks to the helpful staff and attentive doormen. A special thank you to Jermaine for going above and beyond to help me load everything into my car on the day we left.

Highly recommend this hotel, and we will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Atlanta

Jerome was very helpful. Upon arrival he ensured that my car was turned over to valet. He was very respectful to my daughter and I. Within five minutes of us making it to our room he arrived with our luggage. He gave us a quick thorough orientation of the hotel, room and amenities.

We were in town for a volleyball tournament. Didn’t know when booking it was a historic building. It is enchanting. The marble , chandeliers and grand staircase are so special. Staff was very friendly and was an easy walk to Georgia World Congress Center. Would stay here again

The entire staff is genuinely friendly and helpful.

The entire stay was amazing. Reservation was for April 1, 2026 received an email that said I could go ahead and check in via the Hilton Honors app and choose my own room which was nice however when I tried to check in, I realized the room had already been assigned so upon calling spoke with Dwight who kindly took care of changing the room for me. Called back later as our arrival took a little longer than expected and again spoke with Dwight who made sure that we would not be listed as a no show. Want to say thank you to Dwayne and bellhop Jermaine for not only being friendly because for me anyone can be friendly but they were personable and attentive now that is special.

I recently stayed at The Candler Hotel in downtown Atlanta, and the experience was nothing short of fantastic from start to finish. Every detail—from the service to the room to the restaurant—exceeded expectations.

A special shoutout to Jerome at valet, who set the tone right away with his professionalism and warm welcome. Joy at the front desk made check-in seamless and genuinely made me feel at home. At the bar, Tina and PJ were incredible—attentive, friendly, and clearly passionate about what they do. They added such a fun and inviting energy to the space.

The room itself was beautiful, comfortable, and well-appointed, and the restaurant delivered an excellent dining experience. It’s clear the team here takes pride in providing top-tier service.

I’ll absolutely be returning and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting downtown Atlanta.

Wonderful historic hotel. From the moment you arrive to the moment you check out. The staff is so professional and welcoming.  Jerome was so attentive and helpful when we checked out. Clean rooms, great location. Be sure to check out the historic Coca-Cola Vault!

Beautiful hotel and very friendly staff

Very high-end rooms! Comfy bed, huge bathroom, nice mini-fridge.

such a stunning stay at The Candler Hotel! right in the heart of the city — we were in town to see Hayley Williams at The Tabernacle, less than a 10 minute walk away.

everyone was so kind from check-in to check-out, especially Jerome and Lavette who made our stay feel extra special. would definitely recommend if you’re staying in Atlanta!

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Beaux-Arts Glamour Meets Modern Luxury in Downtown ATL
If you want to experience the "Gatsby" side of Atlanta, The Candler Hotel is an absolute masterpiece. Originally built in 1906 by Coca-Cola founder Asa Griggs Candler, this historic skyscraper has been meticulously restored into a boutique hotel that feels like a step back in time—but with all the 5-star modern comforts.
The Architecture & Vibe
The moment you walk into the lobby, the white Georgia marble, Tiffany glass, and original brass elevators take your breath away. It’s easily one of the most Instagrammable spots in the city. Even if you aren't staying overnight, the grand staircase is worth a visit alone.
Dining at "By George"
Located in what used to be the Central Bank and Trust, the hotel restaurant, By George, is a destination in its own right.
• The Breakfast: The Tres Leches French Toast is legendary.
• The Dinner: Don’t miss the Atlantic Sea Scallops or the Steak and Fries with cognac sauce.
• The Cocktails: The bar program is top-tier. Try a classic martini—the atmosphere practically demands it.
The Rooms
The rooms strike a perfect balance: high ceilings and large windows that flood the space with natural light, paired with sleek, contemporary furnishings. The bathrooms are spacious (shoutout to the luxury robes and designer toiletries) and provide a quiet sanctuary from the hustle of downtown.
Pro-Tips for Your Stay:
1. History Buffs: Ask about the basement vault. It famously housed the secret Coca-Cola formula for years!
2. Location: You are steps away from the Peachtree Center MARTA station, making it easy to get to the airport or Midtown without a car.
3. Valet: Like most downtown hotels, valet is the way to go, but be sure to call for your car 15–20 minutes early during peak hours.
Bottom line: The Candler is more than just a place to sleep; it’s a piece of Atlanta history. Perfect for a romantic staycation or a sophisticated business trip.
#TheCandlerHotel #ExploreATL #DowntownAtlanta #ByGeorgeATL #CurioCollection #AtlantaHistory
.

Not only is this place absolutely stunning, but the service has been top tier. Joy, specifically, has been out of this world, and she deserves a raise! 1000%. She has been personable, patient, and was more than willing to accommodate if I had a request. That is a RARE find in customer service today, so it was markedly refreshing to experience during our stay at The Curio in ATL!  :) thank you so much for your hospitality Hotel Curio & Joy!

Excellent stay!  Room was very nice - clean and well appointed.  Team was friendly all the way around - from a VERY welcoming valet (he set the tone from the start!!) to an attentive check-in, wonderful bar/restaurant service and ending with a wonderful send-off from another excellent valet!  Your valet staff is fantastic! (Sorry I can't remember names although they shared with me!).  Food was delicious in the restaurant - every meal was fantastic. The buttermilk biscuits are a MUST order item!! Delicous!  Ambiance of the historic hotel was beautiful.  Thanks for a great stay!

This is a beautiful hotel! We really enjoyed our experience. The staff was great and informative. The walk in bathroom was immaculate and the water gets hot just like I like it. Just turn the bathtub handle a little to the left if you want steaming hot water. The elevator is room key operated so don’t forget to download your key to your phone or bring the key card. The bed was so comfortable with lots of pillows!! The room lighting is lamps so it’s a calm lighting effect. It’s walking distance to eateries, boutiques, and the Hawks Stadium!!! We didn’t have to move our car.

A beautiful hotel in downtown Atlanta.  The staff bring hospitality to another level!   Will be our stay for sure on our next trip in town!

A calm, cozy, and very clean hotel! The staff were all friendly and helpful, and a special thanks to Natalia at the front desk for her kindness and professionalism. She really made the stay even better!

One of the worst experiences I’ve ever had at a hotel. We called the front desk multiple times for housekeeping and they said that they don’t have anyone available. Mind you, I called in the morning, afternoon and evening. The rooms are really old and the location is sketchy.

Lovely hotel, Jermaine at the front door is delightful and always helpful with a smile!

I had a wonderful stay at The Candler Hotel in Atlanta. The building itself is absolutely beautiful, with stunning historic architecture that makes the hotel feel very special. The rooms were comfortable and well maintained, and the location was perfect for exploring the city.

A special thank you to Dwight, whose friendliness and welcoming attitude truly stood out. He went out of his way to make guests feel comfortable and taken care of, which made the experience even better. I would absolutely stay here again.

My girlfriend suprised me with a trip to Atlanta this past weekend and she booked us to stay here and it was absolutely incredible. We got in late on Friday night and there was still Valet service to park our car even past midnight! Our room was gorgeous and had a great view. We had dinner at By George on Saturday night and it was absolutely amazing from the service to the food and drinks everything was great. Highly recommend the Cornbread muffins as an appetizer. Jermaine really top off the experience as we were waiting for our car to get pulled up he gave us a history lesson of the hotel! This trip was absolutely amazing.

Clean space, Natalia was the best. Lovely energy. Thank for the gift

Jerome, thank you for your kindness,  patience and joy. Your care in taking care of our hearts, minds, body and spirit is exceptional.
Without you,  I can honestly say that our stay at the candler would not be as memorable.
Thank you for receiving our comments and joy.
Jermaine is also joyful in his support this morning.

Amazing location and destination. Very walkable to many attractions in the Downtown Atlanta market.

Excellent and beautiful hotel. Jermaine had an awesome attitude and was very helpful.  All of the staff were warm and welcoming.

Excellent location near downtown attractions and the GWCC. We were warmly greeted by valet upon arrival, who helped with our luggage and parked the vehicle. Check-in was smooth, and the room was clean, well-stocked, and comfortable.
They offer complimentary daily bottled water and room refresh service, which was a nice touch. The onsite restaurant is convenient for a quick bite or a freshly brewed espresso.
We’ll definitely be back! Just note that daily valet parking is required, as there is no self-parking option available

20/10 5 ⭐️ experience from the door

A beautiful and iconic Hilton Curio property. The hotel continues to age elegantly with ongoing care. It's a pleasure to stay here. We also dined at "By George" and it was delightful....

Dwight was fantastic checking us in. As our first stay as Honors members he made it very special. Our only complaint was the room service from the “second best restaurant in Georgia” I was surprised to be disappointed. Beautiful hotel and lovely experience!

Very professional, very clean, and very fancy. Staff were super kind and helpful. Our doorman Jermaine was excellent. Would come again.

My daughter and I stayed at the Candler to attend an event at State Farm Arena.  Perfect location to walk to the event safely with a preteen.  The most memorable part of the hotel was the genuinely kind staff.  From the valet and Jermaine, the doorman, to the front desk and restaurant staff…..everyone we encountered was engaging and helpful in a genuine manner I rarely encounter anymore.

I actually met a friend at the restaurant and the service was stellar

We stayed here while in town for the Hawks game. The room was large with nice furnishings.  From the front desk to the coffee bar to bell man, Jermaine, we felt well attended to.  Will definitely come visit again.

If you are looking for an intimate setting for yourself or with friends with quality service, this is the place to go!

My stay at The Candler Hotel was good overall- nothing spectacular, but not bad either. The room itself was comfortable, especially the bed, and the bathroom was spacious and well laid out, which I appreciated. One downside was how dark the room felt; even with all the lights on, it never really felt bright enough.

At check-in, I wasn’t recognized for my Hilton status and had to ask about what amenities were included, which was a bit disappointing. The hotel is located downtown, so there was some noise, though that’s understandable given the location.

We had breakfast at By George and used the Diamond credit, which was a nice perk. The food and service there were excellent and definitely a highlight of the stay.

Overall, it’s a solid option if you want to be in the heart of downtown Atlanta, with comfortable accommodations and a strong on-site dining experience.

I cannot say enough about this hotel! From the staff at the door welcoming guests! Jerome was exceptional! Then the delicious hot chocolate in the reception! The hotel was so beautiful, I couldn’t stop taking pictures. The room was cleaned daily, I have never felt such amazing care! Don’t miss this hotel.

My family and I had a wonderful experience at this hotel from start to finish. The property itself is beautiful, clean, and incredibly comfortable, but what truly stood out was the exceptional valet service. Huge shout out to the concierge team: Mr. Jermaine M., Mr. Darboe, Mr. JD, Mr. Kevin C., and Mr. Avery C.

From the moment we arrived, the valet team greeted us with genuine warmth and professionalism. They were prompt, efficient, and handled our vehicle with great care. Every time I needed my car, it was ready quickly—no long waits, no confusion, just seamless service. Their friendliness and attention to detail made us feel genuinely welcomed and valued as a guest.

Inside, the hotel exceeded expectations as well. The rooms were spotless, well-appointed, and very comfortable. The staff throughout the property were courteous and attentive, always ready to assist with a smile. Another shout out to Mr. James, who took care of us at the downstairs restaurant snd bar each night of our stay.

It’s rare to find a place where every detail is handled so smoothly, especially something as important as arrival and departure. The valet team truly elevated the entire experience. I would absolutely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for comfort, convenience, and top-tier service.

Was in ATL for a family member's 21st birthday. We booked using AMEX points and were immediately upgraded upon arrival. Everyone on the staff that we interacted with were friendly and professional. This place is well maintained. It was MLK weekend and I expected it to be a little busier than it was. It seemed like we never had to wait on an elevator and we were on the seventeenth floor. Would rather have had Keurig coffee makers in the rooms than espresso machines. Room was spacious and comfortable. For an historic building in the obvious hotel district of downtown Atlanta the entire building was well kept and preserved.
The valet parking seemed a little overpriced at $55 per night, but if I called the front desk before leaving my room I never had to wait on my car.
We did use the hotel restaurant. Twice for breakfast, once for dinner. It was overpriced, the wait staff seemed to give their best effort, but for the price, it just fell short of expectations. We were within walking distance of several other restaurants.
I have read several reviews here about the problems with homeless people around this area. I discovered that majority of these individuals gathered around a public park which is located near the back of this building and did not experience any interaction with these individuals during our stay.
Overall, I would say that we had a wonderful stay and would stay here again on a future visit. Special thank you to Yvette and Jermaine for your assistance upon arrival and departure. And for making us feel very welcomed.

My wife and I stayed here on our wedding night, and the experience was nothing short of incredible. The downtown location, exceptional food, and overall ambiance truly embody luxury. What set this hotel apart, however, was the outstanding service. From the moment we arrived, Jermaine welcomed us warmly and made us feel right at home. Shortly after, we were greeted by Dwight at the front desk, who exemplifies true professionalism in hospitality. While every team member we encountered was exceptional, these two gentlemen genuinely stood out and made our stay unforgettable.

Words cannot describe how amazing my stay was! Even though it was a quick visit, it was amazing. I have been dying to go to the GA aquarium and Coca-Cola world and the hotel was 7 minutes from both places. They upgraded me to a corner room so I could have a better view. I loved that as soon as you walk in your room the tv says "welcome" and your name and has a cute slideshow. It felt personal. Jermaine (Hope I spelled that right) was a doll. He was chatty and welcoming and immediately helped me with my bags. I ended up eating at the restaurant late, they let me order even though I think they might have been cleaning up the kitchen and the Salmon was great.

I can't wait for my next visit with them.

Natalie (manager) was amazing! She was super polite, helpful and provided excellent customer service. Because of her, I would stay here again! Thank you!

Great hotel, great restaurant, the rooms were fantastic and comfortable. Located perfectly between everything. The doorman was also so amazing, they even caught me from almost falling. Will be back!

Jermaine was the best! Fly outfits fly service top notch!

My shot goes out to the whole staff who not only made me feel welcome but made my Valentines day special. This hotel is spectacular.I absolutely love this hotel and the staff also a special shot out to Jermaine Garrett who brings professionalism, joy and blessings to everyone he meets. This hotel the food, ambiance, and staff is worth every penny.

Nice great good safe hotel in downtown Atlanta great looking rooms good as well plus a nice luxurious style eating place here as well

The hospitality at this hotel is top notch. Probably the same level as a Ritz. The cleanliness, decor and charm were refreshing.

Jermaine was awesome in helping us get our car! Service & the historical building are wonderful. Only 2 stars for location because of the large homeless population and smell of urine and weed outside. However, this is not the hotel's fault. Too bad for a cool city like Atlanta

I work in the city. Had a very rough day and just needed to drink. Never been in here before walk by it every day to catch the triangle and just had to stop by.For a good drink today. Have one of the best experience I have ever had at a bar in my life. Had some great food recommended to me.Hats off to the cook. But the real star of the show was Tina. I was having a very bad day.And until we got the talking. She picked out what's some amazing food. And made me a great drink. Which I had to have two of. But her detail to service, in great conversation kept me there. There were no TVS, just a few people sitting around the bar, enjoying good company and great conversation. I only thought these type of places were on t v. But I will be back to visit with Tina way more often than I should. I wish she like women I would definitely marry her. Tina you are the best. Thank you again 💓

The rooms look nice. But the showers were kind of old and small. But we were told if we wanted to drink to head downstairs
To the bar. Me and my lady went down just to have a few drinks.Did not expect much. But we had an excellent time with this lady Tina. She made a great drink. But I think she needs better coworkers. I don't know the black guy name but he was not happy. But she has a very good attitude. And a very bright spirit about her.

What a beautiful hotel!! We were skeptic driving in due to the condition of buildings however we were greeted by Jermaine, who wore a hug smile and was extremely helpful. Jermaine unloaded our luggage and checked our car into valet. Natalia was extremely helpful in our dinner decision. We dined at the hotels restaurant, By George. The food was divine! I do not remember the waitresses name but she was sweet and caring. The bed slept wonderfully. The shower was spacious. We had all the amenities we expected. In the morning, I noticed the hair dryer did not work. I’ll text front desk and she offered a new one immediately. As we left, Natalia and Jermaine were there again to make the checkout smooth as possible. We will be back soon!

It is a great monument that unfortunately is not managed well or maintained well. The rooms are basic. The towels are the most basic ones one could find. There was no bar or stacked fridge in the room. The restaurant wasdumb, no ambiance. The leather cushion seats were very visibly worn off. A great location and a historical building that can offer so much more,

We live in Atlanta and suggest this hotel to our friends and colleagues.  It’s beautiful and historic!

The staff are amazing and the building is a work of art. The restaurant to the rooms, all of it is beautiful!

I stayed at The Candler Hotel in January 2026 as a Hilton Honors Diamond member, booking through American Express Hotel Collection. The hotel itself is stunning—the historic restoration is remarkable, the lobby popcorn is a nice touch, and there were several instances of genuinely excellent customer service during my stay.

However, I experienced significant issues with benefit communication and management follow-up that required over two weeks to resolve.

The Problem:
At check-in, I was explicitly told by front desk staff that my $100 Amex Hotel Collection property credit could be used for valet parking and would stack with my Diamond food & beverage benefits. I relied on this information when incurring charges.
At checkout, I was informed for the first time of an undisclosed hotel policy requiring the Amex credit to be exhausted before Diamond benefits could apply. Additionally, only one of my two daily Diamond F&B credits was applied to my folio. When I raised these issues and requested correction, the front desk declined to adjust the charges, resulting in an $84 balance that would not have existed had the policies been disclosed upfront.

The Bigger Issue:
I emailed the Front Office Manager the same day (as instructed by the front desk) to request review. I received no response for 17 days.

I escalated to Hilton Guest Assistance twice, each time being promised a response within 48 hours. Neither promise was kept.
I contacted American Express Hotel Collection, who called the hotel directly on my behalf. Even they were unable to get the charge reversed.

After 17 days, five emails, two phone calls, filing BBB complaints, and initiating a credit card dispute, the General Manager finally responded and resolved the issue within 24 hours—something that should have happened on Day 1.

Resolution:
To their credit, once senior management became involved, they were apologetic and provided appropriate compensation. The GM personally called to apologize, and Hilton's Executive Office followed up independently.
Recommendation:

The Candler is a beautiful property with genuine potential, but there are serious training gaps around:

Accurate communication of benefit policies at check-in
Management responsiveness to guest concerns
Empowering front desk staff to correct billing errors

Until they fix these training issues, you may wish to avoid the hotel if you are a Diamond member or booking through Amex. I do hope they sort these training issues soon, as the property itself is lovely and, if possible, I would love to make this my main hotel to stay at when I am visiting Atlanta.

Our stay at The Candler Hotel Atlanta, Curio Collection by Hilton was fantastic. The valet and staff were friendly, helpful, and welcoming from the moment we arrived. The hotel is beautiful, the room was clean and comfortable, and the service was top notch. Highly recommend and would definitely stay again!

Stayed here for a sister weekend and a game at Georgia Tech stadium. Despite the winter weather coming into town as well, they made our stay here delightful ! Location wise, we were within walking distance to some great places (Amalfi restaurant is a great dinner spot, get the fried artichokes!) and the hotel itself is stunning and has so much charm! The staff was incredible -both kind and personable- and Jermaine in Valet (and the whole valet team !) was fantastic helping getting the cars with the crazy cold wind and my heated seats and heat was already one for me. Will absolutely stay here again!  (Also the espresso tres leches is a must at their restaurant!)

Gorgeous hotel, great location. Jermaine at the door made my stay.

It was a nice. Me and my family listen for a few and we stayed at this hotel.  So everybody was not in the best spirits, but we came down to the bar to eat and ended up having a very good time.Thanks to this woman named tina. She got my wife who was in a very bad movie. Due to the phenomena to smile and have a very good time.And we really appreciate that as a family, we came all the way from louisiana, and she made us feel at home.And welcome great conversation.But even better drinks, as she has such a warm and gentle spirit that made all of us feel very good about picking this place to you.It felt like god put us here to give our family member a great farewell on.And she was the angel that got our spirits into a very good nature.Thank you so much, tina for making this trip.That was so sad until a very happy event.
Thank you !!!! Tina  Om

Atendimento excelente e limpeza e qualidade dos quartos. Muito bom todo atendimento. Recepção Dwight fantástico. Qualidade geral muito boa

The manager on duty, a younger female, was terribly rude when I arrived early. She could learn a few things about service from the employees she manages. My stay got off to a bad start simply because I had the unfortunate experience of interacting with her.

Everyone else I encountered other than the manager was super pleasant. Ryan at the front desk was able to accommodate my early check in and totally saved the day. Jermaine at the door was a pleasure and extremely nice to my little one.

I had a suite and it was nice. Overall, it was a fine stay.

I recently stayed at The Candler Hotel on Peachtree and, as always, had a wonderful experience. The hotel consistently delivers a beautiful blend of historic charm, comfort, and excellent service.

A special shoutout to Jermaine, the bellman, who was incredibly helpful, professional, and welcoming. His positive attitude and attention to detail truly stood out and made the stay even more enjoyable.

I always enjoy staying here and look forward to returning. Highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Atlanta.

Homeless around is the only pitfall.

One of the best hotels I have stayed at. Special shoutout to the doormen and women, always someone available even late at night, were super friendly, and super helpful. We will be back next time we are in town.

Excellent service team here, rooms were clean, well-kept and everyone took great care of us (and our nervous dogs!)

We enjoyed our stay staff, service & food. Special thanks to Jermaine for being so courteous & attentive!! We will be back because there are no Jermaine’s at nearby hotels 😉.

Jermaine at the door & Dwight at the front desk were hands down some of the finest people I have met! They were extremely kind, and helpful with everything during my stay!

Germain was wonderful during our stay. He was always kind, welcoming, and ready to help with anything we needed. He made check-in and coming and going feel easy, and he was great with directions, recommendations, and handling our bags. His helpful attitude really stood out and made our hotel experience better.

Great location , super friendly and nice customer service . Jermaine was very helpful in helping bring my luggage downstairs.

Good place to stay in Atlanta.  Very historic, take the tour. Comfortable beds. Good restaurant downstairs but not cheap. Good in a pinch.

Wanted to take a couple of quick pics in the lobby and the guy didn’t even let us enter. Said no pics allowed

Did not let us take pics in the lobby.

We stayed here for a football game not having been to Atlanta in a long time.  I usually don't stay at Hilton's for loyalty purposes but the reviews were good an options limited on a football weekend.  We couldn't have been happier with our choice.  Historic hotel close to everything.  The rooms are fantastic.  Staff is outstanding, starting with doorman, front desk and housekeeping.  We also received a daily F&B credit because of our Hilton status so we decided to try the restaurants By George.  When the front desk tells you this is one of the best restaurants downtown they're not kidding!  Great food and fantastic barmen. If you need to stay in downtown Atlanta the Candler is THE choice!

My family stayed here last summer and had a wonderful experience. We loved the architecture and the "Gilded Age" elegance of the lobby, yet the rooms were modern and spotless. The hotel's downtown location is very convenient, and valet parking is a must and super easy. We could walk to Centennial Park within a few minutes. My husband and I enjoyed a few cocktails at the hotel bar, which had an excellent selection and fantastic bartender. We would definitely stay here again!

This is favorite in Atlanta. Beautiful hotel very nice well adorned rooms. It’s obviously an older hotel but it has been kept up.

I was excited to stay here because I found an Amex deal and the reviews were really good. Maybe I had high expectations but it was not a four star stay, more like a 2.5 or 3.

Good: The bartenders were great and the food was good. I talked to Tina the bar several times and it was such a pleasure. The staff at the bellhop stands and valet were extremely nice and welcoming. They made sure you felt welcomed and gave really good recommendations for Atlanta. The beds were also really comfortable.

Bad: They do not do housekeeping unless you ask. I stayed three and everyday when I got back to my room it was not cleaned. I was told they work until 5 so on day 2 I called after 5 and that’s when they sound send someone to clean the room.  The espresso machine was broken, ironing board stand broken, some of the front desk staff had horrible attitudes ( not all but some), I did not get an AMEX welcome letter which usually explains the credits so I was confused when I received my bill at checkout.  I was told I’d receive a complementary upgrade which I did not, the makeup washcloth was dirty in the room with someone else’s makeup and hair on it, you cannot reach anyone at the front desk, they DO NOT answer unless you call from an outside line. They do not respond to the text communications either.

Location: I do not recommend for solo travelers. It is located where there are a lot of homeless camps are and homeless people are everywhere. I did not feel safe once leaving the area in the immediate surroundings.  I walked to the cvs that is less than two blocks away and I was approached by at least five of six homeless people asking for money or food.  This is more of an Atlanta issue but it was very uncomfortable. There wasn’t a lot of foot traffic in the area either so they knew I was a tourist.

Overall, I made the best of my stay but likely would not stay again.

Have not stayed there but had lunch there several times.  Happy hour is good as well.

Beautiful and historic hotel. We didn’t want to leave. I loved Atlanta… truly an amazing city with such kind and welcoming people. We’ll be back for sure!

We really enjoyed our stay in this beautiful historical hotel. The staff, food, and rooms are all incredible. The valet service was fantastic!

We paid for a city view. It is a view of a homeless encampment.
I wish I could post a picture

Im from Southern California

This is the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Period. I was hesitant after reading some of the recent reviews, but we had zero issues. The front desk was friendly, they offered to take our bags, valet was quick also. The room was spectacular.  The view was phenomenal and we all melted like softened butter on a hot roll in the beds. The room was very clean, had no smells or stains. No bed bugs or any bugs for that matter. I had no dirty socks after walking around, and the towels were fresh as can be and nice and soft unlike most places having stiff and starchy towels. The table was a but wobbly but nothing that affects our use of it. Complementary water bottles and coffee in the room which is a nice touch.I cannot be more satisfied, happy, and thankful this hotel exists. This hotel and the food place we went to really did make my visit to Atlanta that I need to come back to.

Charges: we got charged a little over $200 for the room and a $55 fee for overnight valet. The refundable hold for deposit was supposed to go back to my card but was used for the valet instead so no extra charges.

The hotel is a great location and hotel rooms are good. The service is meh and they will charge you for something that you did not get. I was charged up an upgrade fee to have a view down Peachtree St., which is criminal to even charge to look down that street but here is the problem. The heat didn't work in my room and at 11 pm had to change rooms to a room that look into two other buildings. Did they remove the upgrade charge? Nope. Still charged me $63 per night! Seriously?!

Before this I had also called to adjust my reservation and I might as well have been talking to a wall. The person couldn't understand English and kept repeating back to me the complete opposite of what I was saying. When I asked for a manager, they became confrontational about it. My wife was sitting right there and heard the whole thing

The location is fantastic, and there’s definitely room for improvement. It could use some TLC and fresh faces. Getting in touch with the front desk was a real challenge, and the valet, while pricey, was not very helpful. I had to wait over 20 minutes for my car to be picked up at check-in, and even asking for it was another hassle. The staff could be a bit more friendly and helpful. They didn’t explain the benefits, even though I’m a Diamond member, and they didn’t offer any upgrades or recommendations. The hotel’s online ads mention a partnership with the Atlanta Aquarium, but when I asked about it, they just pointed me to the aquarium’s website or suggested I go there myself. The staff was the least helpful I’ve ever encountered. On the bright side, the restaurant food was quite good. I would never go back to this location if I am in Atlanta. This is actually my first time leaving a bad review for Hilton.

Excellent service. Rooms and beds could be updated…

I came for an event. The hotel is very beautiful and the Christmas carolers were a nice touch. But the food in the banquet hall was not at all good. It displayed well but the taste was horrible.

Good location downtown, the room was clean and my room on the 13th floor had a great view, but missing a microwave and the bathroom was drafty. The staff was friendly and helpful.

We went for a night to celebrate my wife’s birthday and had a great experience. They have a great aroma and scent that welcomes you in. Their checking area is very nice and inviting. It is December and we loved the holiday decorations. Our Suit was beautiful! My wife really loved the tub and the fact that they had an espresso machine in the room! It was a great stay and we will be back! The staff were amazing and the room service was delicious!

My wife and I's stay at the Candler Hotel was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Absolutely impeccable in every way! We arrived to kind valet and entered to a gorgeous lobby that smelled divine (we asked what their scent was) and was visually stunning. The two staff at the front desk were professional, kind, and attentive. My wife told them it was my birthday, and the gentleman helping us quickly said, "Let me see if I can upgrade you" - no questions asked. They have a good selection of beverages and snacks at the front desk as well. The elevators reminded me of those at The Plaza. The best birthday surprise was being upgraded to a gorgeous suite with an amazing view. The room included special touches such as a Nespresso machine, beautiful bath products, and a large soaking tub (the tub of my dreams!) I took three baths during our one night stay. The bed was extremely comfortable and the blackout curtains gave us great sleep. There were two TVs - one in the sitting area and another in the bathroom. You are able to log into your Netflix account. Additionally, it has been a long, long time since I have had room service due to the pandemic. We got dessert and breakfast. The food and coffee was absolutely delicious! We were so impressed. I felt so special while at the Candler. It's a gem of a hotel - I highly, highly recommend. To the staff - thank you for making my birthday one to remember. I would love to share my thanks with you if you would like to contact me!

An excellent stay in the heart of downtown Atlanta!

I spent two nights at The Candler Hotel and had a truly wonderful experience. The location is perfect — right in the center of downtown, within walking distance of attractions, MARTA transport, and lots of restaurants.

The room was immaculately clean and comfortable, and I especially loved the in‑room espresso machine — such a nice touch that made mornings even better. The staff throughout the hotel were so nice and genuinely helpful, from valet to front desk, making everything feel effortless and welcoming.

The price was moderate for downtown Atlanta and felt worth every penny for the service, comfort, and overall experience. The historic charm blended with modern amenities gave the stay a unique and memorable feel.

Highly recommended if you’re visiting Atlanta — great location, great service, and a very comfortable, stylish stay!

Great stay at the Candler! Great location, nice staff, rooms were very nice! And breakfast was good

Dwight at the Front Desk made my stay at The Candler Hotel Atlanta, Curio Collection by Hilton unforgettable. From the moment I arrived, his professionalism and genuine kindness stood out as he truly made me feel welcome. He’s the kind of gentleman who elevates the entire experience!

The hotel itself is stunning, and my room was spotless and beautifully maintained, but the staff's delightful service was the highlight.

I visited the downstairs restaurant during my stay as well which had a lovely ambience...elegant yet inviting. Each morning I started with the Eggs Benedict & coffee were consistently excellent.

This property truly upholds the Hilton standard to perfection, and Dwight’s exceptional service, paired with the immaculate upkeep speaks volumes about their commitment to quality which is hard to find these days.

Was a very great experience love the vibe , the ascetics was great only thing I did not like was paying $51 per night to park ( valet only ) was the only options too

Well designed & clean rooms, friendly  & efficient front staff and restaurant
wait staff.   The bathrooms are large, beautiful showers with good water pressure.

My only complaint is that closing hours for the restaurant/bar are a bit on the early side - at least to stop
serving beverages.  Groups meeting in the hotel will encounter some limitations on sidebar meetings / convos as a result.

Also I read through the other reviews and noticed someone complained about the pillows which was odd. I had the opposite experience of the pillows - I thought they were the most comfortable hotel pillows I have had in years.

My fiancé and I booked our engagement photo shoot at The Candler Hotel. We paid $1,400 for this shoot, and even paid $300 to accommodate our dog in the shoot.

Grace was absolutely wonderful and professional with helping get us booked. We cannot thank her enough.
The issue began with Michelle Bradley (Director of Sales). Like most dogs, our dog began to periodically bark in the room that had been reserved for us. Michelle came over to my fiancé and I in the middle of our shoot and rudely told us that the dog had to leave because he was disturbing meetings, as she was trying to run a place of business. As a director, one has a duty to maintain the utmost professionalism at all times. Unfortunately, Michelle failed to exercise this skill.

I completely understand holding a professional meeting and how a dog barking can be a distraction, however it is all about how you treat people. We paid for our dog to be included, and if an Animal barking were to be an issue, Hilton should strongly consider allowing dogs for such events, or find other accommodations for them. We love curio collection and stand by the brand but unfortunately, we will never stay at The Candler Hotel because of how we were treated.

Very nice hotels with interesting history, perfect location, walking distance to Olympic Park, aquarium and the world of Coca-Cola, room is cozy and clean. The lobby restaurant is a little cold though, other than that everything is good. ￼

A truly phenomenal boutique hotel in the heart of Atlanta. The decor is impeccably curated — a stylish fusion of elegant, modern, and luxurious, giving the entire space an upscale, bespoke feel. The on-site restaurant, By George, is extraordinary and easily ranks among the finest dining experiences we’ve ever had.

We visited for a volleyball tournament, and the location was ideal: a short, pleasant walk to the convention center and all the main attractions.

An effortless 10 out of 10. An exceptional stay — highly recommend.

Amazing stay for my birthday. It is a haul to the aquarium if walking but doable.

Overall it is a nice hotel! Great views and good location.

The room was nice, clean and very roomy!

Front desk staff was cool. Very friendly and polite. Same for the housekeepers and the afternoon/evening valet crew.

Our waitress, Angie, she was great. 10/10 very nice and attentive. Kudos to her. Went to the bar the next day, the bartenders were great, very friendly (wish I could remember their names for the shoutout). Very good drinks. Breakfast was amazing.

Had some minor hiccups but they were immediately addressed by Mr. Jerome in Guest Services. You can tell he cares about the hotel guests.

I'm terrible with names, but a big shout out to Kadema(?) at the front desk for making my stay so wonderful, I extended it twice!  Everyone at this hotel is focused on service.  Each experience I had  from valet, bell service, front desk, the bar, and housekeeping was outstanding.  My room was extremely clean and serviced every day.  The architecture and history of this building is worth stopping in just to see.  Can't wait to see you all again soon!

I was visiting Atlanta for a weekend and I saw that the reviews for this hotel were very good. I've been having some difficulties with Hilton hotels recently so I wanted to ensure that my stay would not have any inconvenience.

The experience here was good. The bathroom is very large, probably the largest hotel bathroom I've ever had for a 1 bedroom. Everything else including the service, housekeeping, etc. all met my standards. The location is also in a good spot as it is close to Marta trains, the Olympic Park, and also the Falcons stadium.

I recommend this hotel if you are staying in Downtown Atlanta.

Wonderful hotel in Atlanta, the decoration is really amazing. I had the chance to be upgraded to a one-bedroom suite with a large bathroom and a nice view of Atlanta. The restaurant for breakfast and dinner was a great place and the people working there were very professional. Only disappointment was the broken rower in the fitness room (which was nice). I hope it can be fixed soon.

Extremely disappointed with our stay.

We arrived and the bell staff acted like they were afraid to touch our bags, very awkward and unwelcoming. Check-in was rushed; no one explained anything besides our room number. I had called a day before, letting them know we were coming from Wisconsin for an awards banquet that started at 4pm and asked if we could check in just 30 minutes to an hour early since it was also our 12-year wedding anniversary, also emailed. No one ever replied. When I called again the next day, they said they couldn’t accommodate us.

In over a decade of celebrating our anniversary at hotels, we’ve always been offered at least a room upgrade option, wine upon arrival, or a chance to pay for add-ons. This hotel offered none of that. It felt cold and corporate, not warm or luxury. The best thing about the room was the bathroom. The pillows were absolutely terrible, flat within minutes and the bed was just okay.

To be honest, a stay at Comfort Suites probably would have been better. I even paid $59 for the breakfast add-on but was still charged again at checkout. Overall, this stay completely ruined what should have been a special evening.

Hotel is very mid like a budget hotel.

Service has been really disappointing, I honestly wish I never came here. There was no shower cap in the room, and when I called the front desk, it took forever for them to bring one up even though the hotel wasn’t busy. Such a simple request, and they couldn’t handle it efficiently. We mentioned multiple times that we had just gotten married, and not once did anyone acknowledge it during check-in or our stay. Overall, a letdown. Would not recommend coming here.

Great service especially ny dining room service every night.

Stayed here for 4 nights while attending a conference. First time in Atlanta and it was not a nice experience. My room was not serviced on any day I stayed here unless I called the front desk. Even after talking to front desk in person every morning before leaving for the day to ask for my room to be cleaned, I kept coming back in the evening to find my room not serviced. Management seems to have a poor communication with staff. Location is in a downtown area that is rather empty, mostly we saw unhoused people nearby.

This hotel is a disappointment and I would never stay here again.

The hotel has valet parking at $55/night and a single lane for arrivals on a side street.  When we arrived, it took 15 minutes to be acknowledged by the one valet person working the entrance (with just one car in front of us). No bellman present to assist with luggage. No communication from the valet person on lack of a bellman.

Upon check out, I called the front desk 15 minutes early (at 5:45am) asking for my car to please be brought out. When we got downstairs to check out, no car.  Another 10 minute wait for the car.

I've stayed at numerous hotels with valet parking as the only option (no self-parking).  They all have a door greeter out front to communicate to guests and organize the valet and bellman persons.

Other issues.  The floors were dirty.  The elevators looked like they were last cleaned 6 months ago.  Hamptons at 1/3 of the cost are cleaner than this place.  The room was super cramped.  The previous reviews saying the towels are washed in vinegar and smell like pickles is spot on.  I've never had towels washed in this manner at any other Hilton property.

Wonderful room. Beautiful lobby. $55 for overnight parking was obscene.

This Hotel Stay was a favorite and definitely will stay again if I’m back in Atlanta. The location was great. The service amazing! The ambiance was everything! It’s too many details to add honestly. If you love great service and food. (By George). Book you a stay! You’ll love it!

My stay at this hotel was one of the worst experiences I’ve ever had. Upon check-in, everything was a smooth sail but began to defer shortly after. The front desk staff were rude, unhelpful, and completely distasteful. They showed no effort to assist with anything and made the entire check-out process unpleasant.

On top of that, they withheld my incidental fee and made poor excuses about how I needed to contact my bank instead of taking responsibility or providing any real help. It felt like they just wanted to pass the blame rather than fix the issue.

To make matters worse, the hotel restaurant allowed another guest to charge their meal to my room just by giving my room number — and I was billed for it! When I brought it to their attention, they shifted blame towards the restaurant staff! No apology, no ownership, and no urgency to make things right.

The only kind and professional people we encountered were the room service and housekeeping staff — they were polite, respectful, and the only reason I’m even giving this hotel one star.

Overall, I’m extremely disappointed. Between the unprofessional staff, billing errors, and complete lack of accountability, I would never stay here again and don’t recommend this hotel to anyone.

Gorgeous architecture and amazing hospitality. The staff is great and the man whole gives the popcorn is a gentleman! Love him!!

What a very nice Hotel. When I arrived they refused to let me tote my own luggage, I enjoyed that type of service. I stayed on the 17th floor with a wonderful view of the park and got to watch the sunrise in the mornings. I really enjoyed the shower! I'm sensitive to textures but the shower floor and water pressure were quite pleasant.

I could smell that the linens were washed in vinegar, I hated the smell. Imagine drying after a shower and the towels smell like pickles. Or laying in bed and smelling pickles all night.  The shower door also opens oddly. Getting out the shower you have to squeeze by the toilet. Rubbing the toilet with my legs after getting out the shower me feel dirty again. The valet is $55 a night and ETREMELY SLOW and when I say extremely I mean extremely. It's a 15-20 minute wait whenever you need your car like OMG. When I walked up to the front desk once to ask about valet it was an uninviting experience. They were not rude per se, the individual just did not acknowledge me standing right in front of them at the desk. Customer service in Atlanta is ... different.

I was plessantly surprised to learn some of the History of the building, especially some of the Black History. The bell hop informed me of some of it and told me they gave historic tours of the hotel. Sucks I didnt know about it and missed out. BUT that would explain the almost $5 per night  Historic Preservation fees I saw on the Final Bill lol.

Great rooms, staff super nice and helpful. Down side is the ac/heater will cut off after an hour of no movement in the room from a sensor that is placed in the room. So it can get quite stuffy.

I recently had the pleasure of staying at The Candler Hotel in Atlanta, to see the Braves games and I can confidently say it was a five-star experience! The hotel is perfectly situated close to everything(aquarium, world of coke, museums) making it incredibly convenient for exploring the local attractions, dining, and shopping.

From the moment my husband and I arrived, the staff went above and beyond to ensure our stay was enjoyable. They were friendly, attentive, and always ready to assist with any questions or requests. It’s evident that they genuinely care about their guests’ experiences.

The hotel itself is beautifully designed with a blend of historic charm and modern amenities including the elegant onsite restaurant. Though only eating breakfast here, we were quickly served, food was exquisite and experienced 5 star service!

Our room was spacious, comfortable, and impeccably clean, providing a perfect retreat after a day of sightseeing.

Overall, I highly recommend The Candler Hotel for anyone visiting Atlanta. The combination of its prime location, amazing staff, and delightful accommodations made my stay truly unforgettable!

The hotel has a good reputation and a wow factor with its entrance area and staircase, but unfortunately that's about it. The team does its job, but that's all. The location is good due to the situation with homeless people in Atlanta, but we didn't feel safe (of course, the hotel can't be blamed for that).

The rooms are okay, but considering the price, they are very uninviting and don't match the hotel's image.

Currently staying here but not too pleased. The tap and water fountain water have a terrible moldy taste, there was no bottled water in the room. The prices of bottled water were $8 to $15. When I inqured about other water sources (restaurant?) they then agreed to give us two hotel brand water bottles and would not give us any extra despite none being in the room initially.
The hours on the Google page are also incorrect for By George which should have been updated. They do not open at 4pm for dinner, the correct time is 5:30pm.
Will update review if stay improves through other means.

Exceptional! Elegant! Staff is top notch! From vallet to check in, all the way to helping you with your items to your room! If you're ever in Atlanta, you must stay at the Candler!

Beautiful hotel. Restaurant has great food and service. Hotel staff is wonderful.

We were misled about the $30 a day credit. Initially when we asked on the first day, we were told we didn’t qualify for it. Then on the second day, another person stated we did, and that we could use the entire amount in one transaction.  Based on this, we spent $90 at the restaurant on the second day. When we checked out, we were informed that we could only use $30 of the credit each day. Even though the person on the first day gave us completely incorrect information that caused us to lose out on the initial $30, the hotel would do nothing to correct this mistake. Terrible and misleading service for a hotel that’s supposed to be high end.

Booked a room for The Candler Hotel last month for a concert. I was really excited as the pictures looked beautiful. Unfortunately, life had other plans and I ended up staying in the hospital with my grandmother who fell and broke her hip. I called the hotel at 7 to cancel my stay and after a 10 minute wait was informed that, because I am a team member, I was unable to cancel and was charged a $75 no show fee. Nonrefundable. Crazy. My nana is doing okay thankfully which is all that matters but the front desk employee was also very curt with me and honestly very unhelpful. Really really disappointed in the service I received.

Best stay I've had in Atlanta!
I've been vacationing in Atlanta for 4 summers in a row now and my stay at the Candler was by far the best. Location is great and it was easy to walk to everything I wanted to do. The rooms were SO CLEAN. The hotel itself is beautiful and kept in incredible condition. Food is excellent whether you get room service or go down to the restaurant. Staff are the friendliest and most professional in the city. My husband and I absolutely loved staying here and we definitely plan on coming again!

The room was clean, the service was very professional checking in and out were a breze!

I recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel and wanted to share my experience. While the hotel has an old feel to it, I found it to be very clean and well-maintained. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, which made my stay all the more enjoyable.

I would especially like to commend Natalia and John Paul. They were simply amazing—always smiling and incredibly inviting. Their warmth and friendliness truly made my stay exceptional.

Overall, the staff at your hotel are excellent. Thank you for providing such a welcoming and comfortable environment. I look forward to staying with you again.

Positive: A room listed as wheelchair accessible really was wheelchair accessible Negative: Streets and sidewalk in front of hotel were blocked off even a nearby road was com. , pletely   blocked  off  due to another hotels construction.

Recently stayed at The Candler for a night and it was so nice. I have stayed in a lot of older hotels and this was by far the best kept one I have ever seen. It is so well maintained everything was very clean and bright. The staff was very nice and check in and out was a breeze. Will definitely stay at this hotel again 10/10

We had a suite but the room was worn.  The couch was broken down.  Just overall not a great value for what we paid.  The front desk staff was rude and not welcoming or kind when asked for anything.  The hosts at the restaurant were also not kind or welcoming, and we were refused a table when we tried going down for appetizers and drinks.  The restaurant only had a couple of tables seated at the time, and the bar was full, so we ended up going elsewhere.  The only good service we received was from some of the room service staff.  Just a very frustrating experience and I wouldn’t go back.

Location is great. Hotel is beautiful. I’m rating mainly based on communication and policies that are unclear. They say pet friendly, but do not specify that this is dog specific ANYWHERE. You have to call them and double check. I’m glad I did as I planned to have my cat with me, but was told over the phone they do not allow cats. Please make this obvious somewhere on the website when booking. I was also told on another phone call the day before I arrived that early check in before noon was a $25 fee. I then planned to check in after noon. When I came to check in, the person at the front desk told me “oh no, the fee is before 1pm” and charged me the fee. I didn’t want to deal with the hassle of coming back in an hour so I paid and tried to explain the situation. He told me the policy “changes” sometimes… so odd. It is very frustrating being told one thing only to find out it’s another. Prior to the start of my stay, the Hilton app offered a potential $200 late check out option. When I called the front desk the day of check out - they said the fee was actually $75 for a 2pm check out. I just feel like this fee schedule should be the same across the board?

Additionally, I don’t think the location is super accessible for people with disabilities or a lot of luggage. They have a side entrance with a very loud and slow service elevator that you have to flag someone down to use since they have to unlock it. I understand it’s an older building, but that entrance also has a ramp that leads to a small set of stairs to get to the lobby. I’m not sure why they didn’t just make it a full ramp?
With that being said, the staff was regularly near the doors and stairs to help you with your luggage and they were very kind and helpful.

Stayed for Dragoncon and loved it! We stayed in a king suite and the tub was divine after a long day. The hotel is beautiful and clean, staff are super friendly and the restaurant was delicious!

Gorgeous historical hotel.  Comfortable beds.  A little noisy at times but was able to driwn it out by putting brown noise on the TV. Super friendly staff!

We stayed here for the night while attending Dragoncon. Our experience at every level, from the service to the food, was incredible. We booked a double queen room, but got upgraded to a very large suite on the 14th floor. The panoramic views were fantastic. The huge bathroom had a tub large enough to accommodate me at 6'4"; Which I took full advantage of after a day of walking around.

The hotel itself is beautiful. They've clearly done a lot of work to maintain the original look of this stunning old building.

Overall, we had an excellent experience. I'd highly recommend staying here. If you do, order some of the Cornbread Muffins from the Hotels restaurant. I dont usually like Cornbread but I could eat those muffins every day. Seriously, they were unbelievably delicious!

I recently stayed at The Candler Hotel Atlanta, Curio Collection by Hilton, and it was outstanding from start to finish. The front desk team, especially Joy and her supervisor, made check in and every interaction feel welcoming and genuinely attentive. JP at the bar brought fantastic energy to the evenings with engaging, knowledgeable service, and the food and the valet staff were efficient and responsive to every need. The rooms were incredibly stylish, spacious, and impeccably clean, with thoughtful touches throughout. The cuisine was absolutely delicious, with well crafted dishes and excellent presentation. Overall, this hotel delivers exceptional comfort, convenience, and top-tier service; I would gladly return and highly recommend it to anyone visiting Atlanta. Why they are not 5 stars blows my mind.

Very cool, eclectic and old flavor hotel. Lobby is very interesting. I posted pictures because it's so hard to describe this lobby decor. I loved it. A WOW factor when you walk in.
The room, that's another story. My room was huge. Like a big apartment with great views. I was pleasantly surprised at every corner of the suite. I walked in and saw the living room. Big. I turned and went to the bed room. WOW. Very nice. Linen was high end. Bed was inviting and comfy. The bathroom. HOLY COW. Huge and quite a statement. Better than most homes. The whole place was very awesome.
Parking..... ah dang. They got you. $50. You don't have a choice. This is downtown Atlanta. Oh well.
I will be staying here again and recommend highly. This place a worth it.

Clean rooms which were more spacious than I expected. Hotel is close to restaurants and coffee shops and the area is relatively safe. Would stay again.

On this day, several moons ago we filmed in Atlanta, Georgia while being Sequestered with directors, cast, crew, doctors, medics, no crafty at that time and lawyers.
We rocked “The Staircase” (a/k/a Legal Crime % Psy | Atty Conspiracy Thriller) via HBOMax and Time Warner. Later received 24 noms and amped productions back up in Georgia Entertainment and throughout the US film and entertainment industry.

As considered, Special Thanks & Acknowledgement to the Hilton Hotel Chain of Families 🛎️🫶🏻🏨 Quickly became a favorite and can’t top the views.

| Meanwhile back in Forsyth County… So far Todd (also a wedding Crashers reference… Everytime 😂) I do believe The Gowans Firm has the best rendering of the Courthouse for promotional use and we may need a touch up and gifted incentives to help us all w the next steps. |

“We’ll be back” 🤷‍♀️🔔 Film Foco already.

The rooms were clean and comfortable and quiet and stylish. The front desk was not bad but not "warm and fuzzy". Im giving 5 stars on service for the restaurant because everyone we encountered there was so pleasant. Brian the manager, Judith, Brian, and Irish the servers, and Dayje (sp?) at the front were lovely and welcoming. The foid was also good--though more vegetarian options are always welcome. The tea and coffee are bottomless! Yay!  The building is GORGEOUS. Its worth wandering around it just to see the architechture.

Decent hotel located conveniently in downtown Atlanta. I give a 2-star rating because of the lack of self-parking options, as well as the cost of the valet. Having to use valet was a huge inconvenience and caused us to have to do additional planning rather than having a parking garage accessible at any time by guests. No dedicated loading zone or unloading zone- had to leave key with valet then call car around again just to set our belongings in our room, use the restroom after a 6 hour drive, then turn around and leave. There was also no security and homeless people went in and out of the hotel on multiple occasions, while valet staff had to act as security on one occasion. They need to have some sort of keycard access and a 24 hour monitored door to get in and out of the hotel so that homeless people are not able to walk in and use amenities. Hotel also did not have a microwave in rooms. Elevators were also shaky, made a lot of noise, and seemed like they needed maintenance. Besides all of these things, the room itself was pleasant and decently quiet due to the floor that we picked not having much guest traffic on it. Probably would not stay here again.

Dwight is the man, extremely accommodating. Excellent decor and ambiance.

The room was large, the bathroom was very nice. The bed was comfortable.

Beautiful hotel, wonderful food and amazing customer service!

This is a unique classy hotel.  We enjoyed our stay.  The staff was helpful.  In fact, Natalya was very resourceful and creative to help us find some last minute takeout boxes to use for plates for our pizza.   It is a close walk to the aquarium.

Came here to celebrate my husband’s Birthday & they did nothing but Exceed Our Expectations!

Natalia assisted me with special arrangements & Mr. Jerome went ABOVE & BEYOND MAKING Our Stay Extremely Special. He was so personable & hospitable during our stay. It’s the little touches that make memories like this so memorable.

Breakfast was quick & delicious !

JJ at the front desk was so sweet also. The suite was Spacious, Clean & was equipped  with everything we needed.

Old ornate building needs some upgrades. Floor boards made noises when walking around room. Bathroom was quite spacious for King room. Location depressing, surrounded by lots of homeless and desolate downtown area with no shops, restaurants. The Underground nearby was a ghost town every evening.

You will never be able to tell that the Candler Hotel was once a bank and was the tallest building in the whole of Atlanta. The bank vault housed the original recipe for Coca-Cola which you can visit.

Dwayne was fantastic in meticulously explaining everything about this historic building. Including that the sun would come in and hit the chandelier. The reflection would then hit the tiles and that’s how the tiles got their colour!

The building became a hotel in 2019 which now makes it a grand 119 years old! It has been meticulously kept and very much loved.

The Art Deco theme that runs throughout is exemplary.

Its grandeur in the main foyer becomes apparent when you feast your eyes upon the staircase that dominates the hall with its sweeping curves drawing the eye upwards towards the majestic chandelier (made of Tiffany glass and original from 1906).

The reception area is warm and inviting. Their complimentary Punch should come with a warning as it is delicious and highly addictive! Not to be bypassed.

All of the staff are wonderful and professional. A special mention for Jerome (Bell Captain of Candler) a wonderful gentleman who made my day with his smile and conversation.

Our room (#311) carries out the Art Deco theme. Once again it was immaculate. The huge windows let the light flood in and showed us the hustle and bustle of a city that doesn’t sleep.

It’s also the first hotel ever (that we have stayed at) to have a black makeup towel! Now that’s a genius idea.

There was only an Espresso maker in our room so we called the front desk to ask if there was a kettle as we like our tea very hot. We were informed that the Espresso maker can also be used for hot water (which doesn’t really heat the water for our British cup of tea!). That was the end of the conversation for us. However when we returned after a long day out much to our surprise there was a kettle waiting for us! What a lovely surprise. Thank you.

Would be stay here again? Absolutely! Without a shadow of a doubt…Yes Yes and Yes.

This is the ideal location as across the street is the Peachtree Center Marta Station if you like exploring.

Me and my friend stopped by around 5:45pm today, because it looked beautiful and we were considering it for future stays, just wanting to glance around the public areas. The “manager” as he said….( he was middle age man just standing at the entrance with security guy) was incredibly rude and aggressive right away, telling us we couldn't go upstairs or take any pictures. When we tried to explain we were just looking, he called security to remove us. Totally uncalled for and a terrible way to treat potential guests. Be warned if you're thinking of just dropping by to check it out!
But security guy was cool and understood us :)

This hotel is lovely, a special shout out to the amazing staff who really went above and beyond to make our stay special, this place is is powered by outstanding staff , and we love you guys, thanks for looking after us 🥰❤️

Spent a night here with my family. The beds were v comfortable, and the bathroom was large n clean. We all slept v well. We didn't have breakfast there due to its a la carte option. We prefer buffet breakfast options. We were checked in by a friendly n professional member of staff called JJ.

We just had a wonderful weekend in downtown Atlanta staying at The Candler. The hotel is exquisite and the chef at their restaurant, By George is superb. We especially enjoyed our server, Shakay for brunch both Saturday and Sunday. She is wonderful and made our experience even better.

My Fiancé and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at The Candler Hotel. The staff is friendly and accommodated our request to check in early. The onsite restaurant had the most delicious and flaky homemade corn bread! Our waitress, Shakay, offered great service and welcomed our customized orders. After this visit, we are already looking forward to coming back!

Liked the hotel. The valet staff were really kind and accommodating. The room was nice and clean. The first night we had some issues with the lights. For some reason we couldn’t get them to turn out but they started working eventually. We booked this hotel for its proximity to Mercedes Benz. It’s a good 25 minute walk in comfy shoes. Overall I’d stay here again.

I was really looking forward to celebrating my girlfriend’s birthday at The Candler Hotel, but unfortunately, our experience was disappointing. As we were heading out to dinner, my girlfriend wanted to take a quick birthday photo in the lobby—a simple and special moment. However, we were abruptly interrupted by a man who appeared to be security (or hotel staff), and his behavior was extremely disrespectful and rude.

Instead of politely addressing us, he approached with unnecessary hostility, completely ruining the moment for her. This was supposed to be a joyful evening, and it was honestly embarrassing and upsetting. For a hotel that presents itself as upscale, the lack of courtesy and professionalism from staff is unacceptable.

I hope management takes this seriously, because no guest—especially one celebrating a birthday—should be made to feel disrespected or unwelcome.

Nice location. Not super fancy, but upscale for a fun weekend. Building has character.

The staff was very helpful. Especially when we checked out. We left at 3am and they brought the car around quickly and loaded up our car. We drove so we had a lot of stuff with us. Will definitely stay here again.

I am beyond impressed by the service at this hotel. I had someone instantly get my stuff for me and stick with me through the whole check in and bring my stuff up to my room. Jermaine (hopefully I spelled that right) was simply amazing and made this experience 10x better.

I stayed 7/12 - 7/15 and this was the best hotel I have ever EVER stayed at. If you ever need to be in Downtown Atlanta for whatever reason, please stay at the Candler Hotel. Jermaine, one of the employees, was so gracious and welcoming to me. He made me feel so comfortable and helped me with my luggage with no questions asked!

Loved my recent stay here! The staff was super helpful and kind. Jermaine was always eager to provide suggestions and carry bags. The restaurant food was excellent for breakfast. I found the room to be clean, comfortable and quiet. Location is convenient for a lot of downtown travel, close to other shops/restaurants and the Marta station. My only caveat was that there are a lot of unhoused neighbors in the area, so use situational awareness. Other than that, I had a perfect stay!

We came for the Cowboy Carter concert and had an excellent experience! The valet staff were incredibly kind and helpful, not just with the car and bags but with knowledge of the area, recommendations, and directions. Jermaine was a pleasure to speak to during the short wait for our car and made loading up super smooth and enjoyable. The staff absolutely made our stay and made us happy and excited to be in Atlanta!! 100/10 recommend.

From the moment we were greeted by Jermaine at the front, we were thrilled with the service, friendliness of staff, and quality of the gorgeous hotel. Comfortable and stylish rooms, convenient location for walking around downtown and close to Marta stations, we would definitely stay here again!!

In Atlanta for a couple of days and spent my first night at this beautiful and historic hotel. Dropped my truck off at the front door and as I walk in I am amazed by the absolutely gorgeous interior, It’s like stepping back in time!
I was equally pleased when I entered my room, it was like I had my own luxury apartment with a great view of downtown Atlanta.
I don’t normally rave about the bathroom in a hotel room but this bathroom is truly luxurious! The bed was extremely comfortable and the air conditioning worked great, keeping the room nice and cool, very important to me. It was also extremely quiet
Highly recommend this lovely hotel for your next visit to Atlanta!

This place was awesome. From the second we pulled up Jermaine was greeting us. The room was great and the bathroom was HUGE! My only little complaint was that in the bathroom there was no hand soap. Just hand lotion. Had to get the soap from the shower. But other than that… it was a really friendly and clean! Next trip to Atlanta, I will stay here again.

We stayed for a weekend at the Candler and it was an amazing experience!

Upon arrival, the staff were all very friendly and helpful. Natalia checked in a couple of times to make sure we had everything we needed. Valet also did a great job all weekend and we never had to wait very long for our car, even during the busier times. Thank you, Jermaine!

The building itself is beautiful and has been well maintained. The room was spacious and clean with beautiful decor. The bed was very comfortable, plenty of towels provided, and there is an espresso machine and small refrigerator in the room. I also really liked the fact that I could control the tv using my Hilton app.

The restaurant and bar, By George, was delicious. It was so nice having good food and cocktails just downstairs.

Overall, I highly recommend the Candler and will plan to stay here again in the future!

Honestly, I adored this hotel and the staff. I had an excellent stay and drank gallons of that delightful drink in the lobby. The elevators are cool, my room was spotless and super comfortable with great views. The doorman, he was phenomenal - he must've worked 3 days straight, 7 am to 10 pm. Please give that man a raise.

Unfortunately I'm giving just 4 stars because I forgot my charger where it was immediately stolen by whoever cleaned the room but no one helped. I know exactly where I left it and despite my best efforts, no one knew anything. I often travel to 2-3 places without going home so it was just annoying to be given the runaround only to have to buy a new one.

This bank was turned into a hotel in 2019 but due to covid it first year of operation was 2021. This bank turned hotel was a bath house for a point in history also. This place was originally own by the creator of Coke a Cola, John Pemberton. Which has a secret vault downstairs where he used to store the original  Cola formula years and years ago. You can ask the front desk to show you the vault anytime between 8-4 pm. They will also give you a nice tour of the hotel and its history. Beware because this place is a historic landmark this place has two address, make sure you take Auburn Ave NE to the valet parking area also that street is normally crowded with trucks. My experience here was great I had a room on the 17th floor which is the top floor of the building. There is a bellhop to bring you bags up and unload them in your room. My only problem with the valet services one time I texted the number to get my car 15 mins before I came down and when I came down no car in sight. It was not busy and I was the only one down there and I took another 8 mins till my car get there. The hotel is in a great spot to walk to stadium for a Hawks game too.

Update: After staying at this hotel in July 2025 I realized my original review from 2022 was hidden on google so I reuploaded It. Same 5/5 from 2022

This hotel was by far one of the best stay experiences I’ve had in a long time. I went for one night for a concert and wish I would’ve stayed longer. To begin my stay, Jermaine greeted me at arrival and personally got me & my bags from car to front desk. He is an outstanding team member. The front desk was so kind & able to check me in early. The room was spotless and the in-room dining  was outstanding.

Upon walking into the hotel, I was amazed at the architecture, which prompted me to immediately research its history. The rooms are very spacious, bed comfy and our view of the city from the 12 th floor, amazing! Lastly, Jermaine was very accommodating from arrival to our departure! Give the man a raise! We will return!
-L. Nelson
South Carolina

Very pleasant overall will be back. One of our top hotels in our reportoire. Jermaine the doorman was very informative on history of hotel and courteous 😀

We had a great room and view for our anniversary. Jermaine in valet recommended a great brunch restaurant recommended. This has become our go to hotel when in downtown Atlanta.

The rooms and the appearance of the hotel are great. The Valet service is poorly organized and takes very long, and they seem to serve people randomly, not in order. On a Saturday night at 10.30 pm we were told that we could not order a drink anymore. The bar closes at 11 pm - needless to say that this is very early on a Saturday - and the last order would be at 10.45 pm. They seemed to feel comfortable with our disappointment.  It is also sad that as soon as you leave the hotel, you will see a lot of homeless people. Unfortunately, they approach you and ask for money. The smell can be terrible as well.

Beautiful building.
Overall poor service.
Valet is terribly unorganized.
A lot of homeless and drug-use within a one-mile radius.

Room
-Excellent with an amazing view
-Tasteful decor that fits hotel style. Not dated.
-Very comfortable bed/bedding

Hotel
-Room service / ground floor restaurant is great!
-Helpful and attentive staff
-Historic, impressive furnishings
-Nice amenities (gym at basement floor, places to work)
-Very convenient location near food/shopping, walking distance to the Aquarium. Feels quite safe, too.

Value
-You can benefit from both Hilton Honors Gold (and up) + AMEX THC simultaneously, which is incredible if not unbeatable value

Will you PLEASE turn the water up in the sinks??!!! I have stayed here 3 times this year and every time the water in the sinks is a trickle!! I’m supposed to stay here again in a month and I might change my mind because of the water situation.

Rooms are all remodeled and pretty with clean lines.

Great hotel! It's very quiet. The rooms are well insulated. The commodes have soft close lids. The AC unit has a continuous fan option for white noise. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. Free k-cup coffee machine. Mini fridge. Desk. I would definitely recommend!

Would have been a nice experience if they didn't allow people to party in the parking lot after hours and smoke weed on the front patio. I won't be back.

Excellent hotel! Spotless and competitively priced.

Very nice comfortable . Great employees and bartender Angie is wonderful always a pleasure.to stay there

The hotel is very clean and has a very warm and cozy feeling from  just walking in the lobby.  The staff are very kind as well, especially the kind lady that works at the bar. Forgive me for not knowing her name. We were disappointed that the outdoor fireplace was not working. However,  we enjoyed our stay very much.

The only problem I had was false advertisement for shuttle to airport. Main reason why I booked a hotel so when I go to get a shuttle, I was told they haven't had shuttle services for over 6 months. But failed to remove it from their list of stuff they offer if I weren't knowing in advance that there was no shuttle.I wouldn't have booked this hotel

Super clean rooms,pool, flooring, fitness room, very happy and pleased

Was pretty small room, couple. We had a king standard. The room was set up pretty interesting, but I'm sure it helps with noise. We were there on a Friday to Saturday check out. It was fairly quiet and the bed was comfortable, I am someone who looks at reviews. Bed being comfortable and quiet hotel is the most important to me. We did not eat for breakfast as it is fairly expensive in my opinion. we went to a beignet coffee shop a block over. The room or hallway smelt of weed when i arrived, I let the front desk know. Didn't want to get charged for something that wasn't me. I didn't mind and told them we didn't need to move rooms but to be made aware. That same staff member was the one to check me in, was a little stand off-ish or awkward, was strange. Almost came of as not welcoming, another older couple arrived Infront of me. They thought the same thing. Witnessed another staff member for the bar ignore the couple in front of me; when she asked where the restroom was. First impressions weren't the greatest, but overall just there to sleep so it was okay.

Kind staff, good remodel. Ceiling was peeling in the bathroom and night staff/security was a bit strange but other than that it’s a solid location.

I had a great time time and Angela was a great help and a great time. I will stay here again just because of her. Love!!!!

I am staying at Comfort Inn and came next store to have supper, ANGELA the Bartender/Mixologist was great. She made me feel so welcomed that I intend on staying at Hilton Garden Inn from here on out! She is a great access to the Hilton brand

Nice Hotel, just no carts. Checked in to the hotel I was very tired, my room was on the 5th floor and it was a lovely room however, there were absolutely no carts to carry in the luggage and bags. I asked at the front desk and they didn’t seem to know where the carts were at. Same thing when I checked out. It is very frustrating when you have more than a couple of bags to load and unload and there are individuals that hoard the carts in their rooms all night so they are available for their use the next day. Hilton needs to implement a policy where people using the carts need to give their room number and then have to return the carts to the front desk after use. This is ridiculous. I was worn out by the time i checked out. Either get more carts or get a policy that ensures the return of carts after use.

Angela at the bar is phenomenal!  Her smiling face and kind soul sure was nice after a long day of work and hours in the car to get here!  Even if you’re just local, stop in!

Positive: "" Negative: Front staff was not very friendly when I checked in doors in the bathroom are not clean toilet was not working. Had to go downstairs to use the bathroom.

One of the cleanest, Nice Hilton Garden locations we have stayed at.  One night stay, great beds, small pool for our son to take the swimming edge off! We stay here again anytime!

They have a great bartender name Ashley. Very clean restroom.

I stayed here for one night in December 2025. It was clean and reasonably comfortable, and rates a "pretty good" -- I'd not object to staying there again.

I stayed here for one night in December 2025. It was clean and reasonably comfortable, and rates a "pretty good".

It was a good value for the price. Anthony, that was working attending to the breakfast was amazing.

We had a lovely hotel room and appreciated its comfort and decor.
Our pet-stay visit, however, came with much stress as you do not have an adequate grassy Pet Area on your grounds for a dog to eliminate.

Very nice hotel. Only complaint was the towels. Couldn’t get more from the gal up front. She said she’d bring some to the pool and didn’t so we got out cold and wet and dripped all the way to our room. Other than that miserable experience it would be five stars. Breakfast was good. The pool is small but fun for kids and it’s indoors.

The first thing we noticed when we watched in the lobby was that it smelled really good. The room was great. It was clean and the bed was pretty comfortable. My only complaint was the water pressure. It’s terrible in the shower. We checked in with Anna and she was absolutely incredible! She was so friendly and welcoming. I would come back and stay again just because of her.

It was okay but a little pricey for no a place with no free continental breakfast.

Good room for a great price. Easy access.

Outstanding 1

The staff were very nice and great! The rooms need serious help, however. The floors were dirty. Lots of crumbs and debris crunching under my feet and even some left over crumbs on the desk as well. I wish I had checked more closely when I checked in and quickly dropped off my luggage before going out for the day and not returning until late at night. Didnt think I would need to given the usual Hilton standards I've previously experienced elsewhere. The bed was pretty saggy in the middle and sits too low to the ground. The pillows were nothing more than air filled cases that collapsed the minute you placed your head on them. Extremely uncomfortable and unsettling stay. Now knowing how unmaintained and poor these rooms are, I would not have paid anywhere near their absurd price for one night.

We stayed at this property on October 10th 2025 in room 420. I did nit get much sleep as I woke up around midnight with bites around my elbow and my arm on fire. I tried to get back to sleep then woke up again with bites on my shoulder. Overall I ended up with 6 welts , 3 on my shoulder & 3 on my elbow . I would avoid this property,  especially this room. Management failed to follow up with the complaint and basically called us liars.

Great place for a stopover

If you are coming into Chattanooga, this is the place to stay. When I get here the room I booked wasn’t to Lorenzo satisfaction for a guest. rather have me waiting he put me in another room and accommodated me for the inconvenience. The next day he coordinated with Tamaya to have the room done and they got it done well before. I got off. There was NO INCONVENIENCE, they were polite, understanding and about their business! I won’t even look elsewhere when I come in town! This has been super pleasant! BOOK HERE!

Great location. They're still only cleaning rooms every other day. Right out of toilet paper because they're not checking the rooms each day. Super nice people at check-in. Breakfast staff is present but not real helpful.

Clean rooms and waitress at breakfast was friendly and fast.  Great breakfast bar.

Great stay at this Hilton Garden Inn! The moment we walked in, the lobby had a wonderful scent that made the hotel feel welcoming. Staff reached out by text to make sure everything was good with our room, which we appreciated. The room was very clean, the bed was comfortable, and the shower had excellent water pressure with plenty of hot water.

Being right off the highway made it easy for us while traveling. Parking was a bit snug later in the evening after dinner, but not a major issue. Overall, this hotel was clean, comfortable, and convenient—I’d definitely stay here again.

This is a very nice place to stay. The staff is friendly and attentive. Our TV wifi quit working and they repeatedly visited to try and fix it. Though unsuccessful, the diligence was noted. The facility is very clean. To reinforce, the pool is inside and breakfast is not free. It's a flat fee no matter if you eat a piece of toast and fruit or the whole buffet. The breakfast is fresh and the eggs are real eggs, not powdered! 😜 We ended up door dashing Cracker Barrel the next morning for breakfast and it was cheaper! The coffee is complementary. They have a very small grocery area where wine, energy drinks, and snacks can be purchased. If you are not a member of x, y, z the water bottles available in the rooms cost $2! 🙄 At the price of the rooms that water should be free! The bedding was black light clean and the beds were comfortable. Would I stay here again, yes.

Positive: Room size and location Negative: The front desk people don’t seem very happy

I had an unexpected stay at this hotel and it was 10/10. I got caught in Chattanooga in the terrible storm last night and had to pull off the interstate and just decided to look for shelter for the night. Front desk staff were so kind. Room was great! Spacious, clean, and comfy bed. The restaurant was wonderful. Had a wonderful tomato soup that was great on a rainy night and a great Caesar salad. The staff at the restaurant were super kind as well! This made a bad night better. I had the breakfast this morning which was very filling and tasty. This hotel made an unexpected and stressful night , warm, cozy, and relaxing-Great job!

We had friends come in for a visit and our own guest rooms were full so our friends stayed here. Beautiful big room and great indoor pool. Kids played in the pool while we sat out on the connecting patio with pizza and drinks. Great bar. Close to lots of good restaurants and shopping. I'm a Chattanooga native and I highly recommend this hotel.

Positive: Location worked well for us. Negative: Staff at check in seemed annoyed that we asked a couple questions. Room had pealing paint in the bathroom.

**Hotel Review: Disappointing Experience**

I recently stayed at Hilton Garden Inn and unfortunately, my experience was far from satisfactory. From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by unfriendly staff who seemed disinterested in providing any level of customer service. This lack of warmth set a negative tone for our stay.

The conditions of the hallways and elevators were another major concern. They felt muggy and hot, making it uncomfortable to navigate the hotel. It was surprising to encounter such poor climate control in a property that should prioritize guest comfort.

In our room, we faced additional issues. The blinds were worn and unable to be raised, leaving us in complete darkness both day and night. This was incredibly frustrating, as we were unable to enjoy any natural light during our stay. To make matters worse, they didn’t have a service person for two days, which was unacceptable given the circumstances.

Overall, my stay at Hilton was disappointing due to the unwelcoming staff, uncomfortable common areas, and inadequate room conditions. I would not recommend this hotel based on my experience.

Friendly front desk staff, room was clean and comfortable.  Quiet, no issues.

Clean, modern, nice, comfy bed, easy check in/out

Nice and clean. No free breakfast.

Just arrived and I am so impressed.   Rooms are clean and neat.  Will stay again at a Hilton.

Great stay. Clean and comfortable.

The rooms were really nice, clean, and comfortable. Desk staff was kind of unfriendly. Lack of free breakfast was frustrating for the price of the rooms. Beds were comfortable but the pillows were too flat. The AC was really good but it would sporadically turn on and off throughout the night, which was really loud and sudden. Area felt relatively safe. Overall a good experience, but could use improvement. Would stay here again.

Good hotel. Nothing special, water at additional charge, breakfast $13, small pool. But clean hotel.

My family and I recently had two stays at the Hilton Garden Inn Chattanooga/Hamilton Place, chosen for its convenient location as a halfway point on our travels. While the hotel offered some expected amenities, several aspects of our experience left much to be desired, particularly regarding customer service.

Front Desk Experience (1/5 Stars):
Unfortunately, the most consistent and disappointing aspect of both stays was the demeanor of the man working the front desk. On both occasions, his attitude was incredibly uninviting, bordering on rude. During our first stay, when we requested an extra towel (as only three were provided for four guests), I was told to pick it up myself. After a 15-minute wait at the front desk with no one present, my second attempt to retrieve the towel was met with an unhelpful and surly response. For our second visit, I proactively requested an extra towel and two extra pillows at check-in, only to be told that extra pillows might not be available – a surprising and frustrating response from a hotel.

Amenities & Breakfast (2/5 Stars):
The pool was closed during our first stay, which was an inconvenience for a family traveling with children, though not a deal-breaker. It was open during our second visit. The breakfast, which incurs an additional charge, was described as "okay." However, no information or directions regarding breakfast were provided at check-in on either occasion, requiring us to seek out details ourselves.

Room Condition (3/5 Stars):
We ended up in the exact same room for both stays. The room was generally fairly clean. However, there was a noticeable and unpleasant stain on one of the chairs. Given our previous interactions, we opted not to address it with the front desk and simply avoided using the chair.

Customer Service vs. Hotel Promise (1/5 Stars):
The most ironic part of our stay was the presence of posters throughout the hotel assuring guests that staff were "happy to help" with anything needed to make their stay more enjoyable. This statement felt entirely disconnected from our actual experience, where requests were met with reluctance or a poor attitude.

Conclusion:
In summary, if you are looking for an average hotel with a fairly clean room, an "okay" breakfast you pay extra for, and are prepared to be treated like an inconvenience throughout your stay, the Hilton Garden Inn Chattanooga/Hamilton Place might be for you. Given the availability of other similarly priced or cheaper hotels in the area, this Hilton Garden Inn will unfortunately not be my first, second, or even third choice for future stays.

We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hilton Garden Inn at Hamilton Place!  The facilities and rooms were excellent.  We can’t recommend this place enough.  Best lodging accommodations we have had in a long time!

A great stay and great price for a weekend right outside of Chattanooga! Staff was polite to us, room was clean and updated. Breakfast was good and the shower had great water pressure! Would definitely stay again!

People that work here are rude as hell. The only nice person I interacted with was “Kim” and that was over the phone. She went over and beyond and was extremely nice. The rest of the people need to work on customer service skills MAJORLY.

The rooms have torn furniture, broken curtains and not clean.

WAY too expensive for the horrible customer service and the “motel 6” quality rooms.

Aside from check in, didn't have  room made up while we were there - just our preference.

Room was clean, comfortable.

Bed was WONDERFUL and firm!

Bathroom with products was great.

Love the room darkening blinds.

Quiet.

No complaints.

Here's what could be improved:
-Fix the pool (and notify guests ahead of time that it'll be unavailable during their stay)
-Fix the condensation dripping on guests in the main lobby
-Empower front desk employees to be more welcoming and helpful for guests (e.g., possibly increase or adjust training)
-Allow for daily house keeping upon guest request
-Ensure no rust in bathrooms and ceilings in quality condition
-Maybe increase the air conditioning in the hallways to reduce the damp feel

On a positive note, here are a few things that were appreciated:

-Diverse gym equipment
-Ample parking
-Renovated bathrooms
-Larger, organized trash bins in the communal areas

We chose this hotel for the indoor pool. After check-in process was complete when we asked for pool location is when we were informed the pool would be out of service for our entire stay. We were advised that there was a sister property we “may”  be able to use, but would depend on availability and would need to seek permission in advance before each visit. Also that pool was outdoor. We expressed frustration but hotel refused to refund/cancel our stay. We opted to ultimately eat the cost and checked out immediately.

CONS- I only found out about the $50 deposit when I got the charge notification
Pool was closed
No free breakfast
Our room was not totally cleaned but the cleaning lady leaves a qr code to leave a tip
PROS- huge comfortable bed in a modern room
Good location right by the highway. Plenty of parking spots and our night was quiet.
Ms Anna at the front desk took the time to answer our questions, explained why the pool is closed and even gave us a coupon for breakfast! She also recommended a good place for dinner that wasn't far from the hotel and that place did not disappoint. Her customer service is the main reason why I would recommend

Lied about pool being open. Had many options in this town. We always choose Hilton because they are consistently clean and nice. We called ahead and asked about the pool. It was the only thing our son wanted. They said no issues, open until 10pm. We arrive, check in, go to the pool and closed. Called front desk and they stated we should have called directly instead of the 1-800 number. Crazy concept to blame the customer and not the fact that you did not update with your corporate office. Poor communication. Hilton no longer has our loyalty, we will shop around in the future

Positive: All of the above checked Negative: no

Had to stay overnight without reservation. The price was reasonable, service was prompt unlike other hotels nearby, and the room was clean, but only double queen for a single traveler. Concierge shop was reasonable but the brekkie was not gratis.

Beautiful new hotel. Desk clerk set us up in Beautiful suite at standard room rate. Awesome. Breakfast 5star and great little lounge bar.  Will stop again in my nxt road trip. Fantastic

I stayed here as part of a multi-day road trip and was really hoping for a comfortable, welcoming experience. While the room itself was fine and I appreciated the convenience of the location, the customer service—particularly in the breakfast area—was disappointing. I’m a Hilton Honors member, but I’ve now had several stays in the last couple of months that have left me questioning why.

At breakfast, the staff was noticeably rude and unwelcoming. I felt hovered over rather than helped, and when I returned just before closing to grab something quickly for the road, I was abruptly told they were closing—even though food was still out and other guests were around. It wasn’t a polite heads-up; it was said in a way that made me feel like a nuisance. Not the hospitality I expect from Hilton.

Noise was another issue—between the highway and people in the parking lot, it was hard to get a peaceful night’s sleep. Even with the windows shut, I had to turn up the TV to drown out the outside noise.

I work remotely and started my day at 5 AM to get five hours of work done before hitting the road—so I’m not just a casual guest. I may not be in a suit and tie, but that doesn’t mean I deserve to be treated with less respect. Overall, I’m just not impressed, and this marks the third Hilton in recent months that’s missed the mark.

We stayed this past weekend April 19 2025 checked out on the 21st. The first day was awful the sink stopper wouldn’t open so the water just filled up in the sink they did come and fix it so it would stay open.The whole evening and all night all you could smell was cigarette smoke in a non smoking hotel. My allergies were so bad And I did ask for another room for the next day and they gave me one but I had to endure that smoke the whole day and night before and every time the air came on it was worst. They apologized but never offered me any compensation for the first night.

Excellent hotel near lots of restaurants, conveniently located near I-75 and the Georgia border. Room was clean and staff were friendly. Breakfast was excellent (even though it's not included in the room price). Beds are comfortable and walk-in shower is great. Highly recommended if you're in the area.

The room was clean, bed was comfy, and the staff were friendly and accommodating. You can take a quick Uber ride to downtown Chattanooga. Perfect location for getting to the airport in the early mornings. Cracker Barrel located across the street if you want more then the traditionally Hilton breakfast.

Nice room, bed little on the firm side, for $170 night plus $50 = you are charged a deposit fee of $50 "that's not advertised " for Graduities, aka anything used or missing from room.Reported by the cleaning staff.  Film your room before unloading anything.  NO free breakfast, hear the noise from highway, front desk disrespectful at 06:15 am, a great way to start your day, awesome. Hilton has changed from upscale hotel, sliding down a Slippery Slope.

Paid a premium price to stay at this hotel for 2 nights and they never serviced the room. I was told at check in that they no longer service rooms daily. They should have informed me of this when I booked, or I would have stayed elsewhere. I have kids and this was a disaster as I was unable to obtain clean towels. One of the pillows was dirty and so I stopped by the front desk to get another pillow (since no house keeping) and the front desk said they didn't have any extra pillows. Bar and kitchen staff were nice, front desk not so much. I visited a friend who was staying at aloft across the street and it was much nicer and they cleaned the rooms there. Stay away from this Hilton. The owners should reconsider how they run this place.

Perfection from top to bottom, the staff were considerate and knowledgeable, the room was exactly what I expected and wanted from a Hilton Garden Inn

Wanted a hotel specifically with an indoor pool for date night, I called before ever booking the day of arrival and confirmed the pool was open and available. The confirmed and I made the reservation and arrived that afternoon to see a sign saying the pool was closed for maintenance. When I inquired I was just given an "oh well" by the front desk agent.
I recommend staying at the Home2 suites in the next parking lot over, I should have never tried this location.

We stayed here and absolutely loved it.  The most awesome and friendly staff I have ever encountered at a hotel. Room was clean and spacious.  Breakfast buffet was very good and nice variety. Not included in price but felt it was worth it. Only downfall would be parking because during the day the parking lot shares with public parking. But definitely doable. As far as hotels I will definitely stay there again when visiting Chattanooga. Can't go on enough about their staff.

Alles zusammen empfehlenswert.

5-star because all was clean, amenities gym, pool, room temp & towels clean and plenty.conf rms. And computer den in lobby.  Outdoor gathering seating too.  I like the vinyl planking floors in the rooms. No bugs. Local to all necessary stores and restaurants. Front desk friendly and available 24/7. No free breakfast! Water pressure none. Pillows too soft, head sinks. Bed comfy but slight listing on one side. All in all we recommended Hilton Garden Inn Shallowford Village Dr.  Chattanooga, TN.

Rooms are starting to show wear. Very convenient to shops and restaurants. Close to the interstate.

Wife and I stayed here as we were traveling, Great location,  easy on and off from I-75. Friendly staff- The rooms were clean. The beds were comfortable.  Nice little Bar.  We stopped here for an overnight, had dinner and food was good.  Showers had good water pressure.

Beautiful room and very helpful staff!  We will definitely be back!

As a diamond member and check in I was told I got $10 per person for breakfast and then it check out. They charge me full price and when I asked for a manager to help fix the issue, I was told there was no manager on the grounds, not acceptable.

Very clean rooms and friendly service. Forgot my toothbrush and they provided one for me. They had the fireplace on when you walked in, making it feel like home.

Wonderful stay. Very comfy & clean room!

Very nice convenience to local restaurants

My daughter's soccer team stayed here for a tournament and it was one of the best hotel experiences I've had. LaKenya was fantastic to work with for booking room blocks and made the process extremely easy. The hotel itself was updated and incredibly clean. The rooms were spacious and modern. Every staff member we encountered was polite and helpful. They went out of their way to ask the girls about the results of their soccer game or wish them luck when headed out for a game. The area is close to shopping and food with any restaurant or store you could want within a 5 minute drive. We will be staying at this property any time we are in Chattanooga moving forward.

Friendly, helpful staff.  Room and common areas in good condition.

Our stay was great everyone was accommodating hotel was clean we stayed this past Sunday and Monday everything you needed was right there restaurants and shopping all around  We will be back for sure thanks for excellent service  If you are looking for a family friendly place give them a try

Staff here are wonderful!
Especially Matthew at the front desk who went above and beyond with kindness.
This is our favorite hotel when we visit Chattanooga!

We stayed in room 515
This place was nice. Entry was clean and welcoming. The breakfast area was nice. The lady taking care of the area was very sweet. The cook didn't speak english, so all the ordering had to go thru the lady. The outdoor seating area was pretty cool with fireplace and outdoor TV. The room was comfortable and clean, Nothing extraordinary and nothing to complain about. All in all a good stay!

Had a great stay here for a wedding in Chattanooga. Service was excellent, everything updated and super clean! The game Changer on Staff was Mike in Maintenance! As we were about to head out, I noticed the security device wasn’t taken off my dress, and asked the front desk for any tool to help take this off. Mike delivered a needle nose pliers to our room 2 minutes later, and helped Remove it, with no damage to my dress!!! This may sound silly, but this little act of kindness made a huge difference in our day!! We appreciate you, and look forward to staying here again soon!

Very nice and pleasant the staff was kind and polite

The room was nice and clean. Hannah at the front desk checked me in quickly and was very friendly, easy to talk to and did not make me feel rushed at all even with people behind her. Very good desk clerk. Angela at the Seasons restaurant was just as great.

Good experience

Loved our suite and the atmosphere. Service was great and the location was even better. So many restaurants, shops, gas stations, and a big mall down the road. Traffic wasn’t to bad either considering it’s a tourist area!

I thought this was a pretty nice place. It’s a Hilton Garden Inn, but it combines design elements of other Hilton properties like Home2Suites, giving the place a family-friendly, down-to-earth vibe. I enjoyed my stay here. The room I stayed in was really clean, like one of the cleanest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in. I feel like there was not that much in the area besides shopping and gas stations, and the area is not super walkable, so keep that in mind when booking. And like others have mentioned, I’m not sure if the breakfast is worth $13. It was, however, delicious, and I had 3 cups of coffee.  Overall, it was definitely a pretty decent property.

We stayed twice at this hotel. The return trip the desk staff was no help. We had an issue our car battery and she only could suggest AAA. Which we are not  a member of.

Disappointing they charge $13 for a breakfast that is free at normal hotels, even other Hilton's.

The stay was good. We were on the 5th floor, so no noise of people walking or water running on top. But, for a hilton, I expected more things in the room. Only one bar of soap, and 2 cups. They don't have bar soap anymore. The shower gel in the bath doubles as soap. I know it may be petty, but the 2 toilet papers weren't brand new. Nothing wrong with them, of course.  Hotel staff was nice. Plenty of towels. Pool area was fun. Had it to ourselves for like a hr. Towels are on a wooden shelf in there too. And a water fountain and a shower on the wall. 14 chairs and 2 tables.
The front lobby is fancy, but a weird perfume smell. Kinda strong, but it smelled good.
Loved the feather pillows. Beds was soft, but made our backs sore some. Bathtub is great! Lots of bars, no slip bottom, shampoo, conditioner and shower gel on wall. Lotion by sink, but I brought my own shampoo and conditioner cuz I need color safe kind. And I brought my own lotion. Was a makeup remover in bathroom 🙂
Room was VERY CLEAN. refrigerator was great! Very cold, turned my coke to ice, but I like it, cuz it melted into a slushie 😁
Nice place. Wish we could afford to stay more. Is 1 1/2 from our house. Husband's birthday trip. That's about it.
Walking distance to like a lot of places, cracker barrel. Tonss of hotels around. I recommend the 5th floor. Elevators are fast and clean, no bad smells anywhere. Smelled clean everywhere. Halls are very clean. BUT Breakfast isn't free!! 😲 13.00 for a hot breakfast and 10.00 foe a continental!! That sucked. Especially for the price of the room (150/night)
We felt very safe. Me, Husband and daughter.  Would definitely go back. Next year for his birthday 🙂

Very friendly staff.

Convenient location and clean hotel. Front desk staff was very friendly. I’d seen several reviews that she was great and she was very chatty and friendly to me.  Check in was easy.  Parking was great.  No complaints.  I will stay here again.

Location I’m not to sure I stay for work. But the rooms are always clean. Staff is friendly. There is food with in walking distance. Gym is nice. I look forward to stay here.

I stayed here on the 7-4-24,  the lady at the front desk checked me in to room 317.Got to the room and the bathroom door was stuck could not open it. Went back to the front desk and the front desk operator came and opened it, she said it get stuck and sometimes they have to use a quarter to open it.  She left and l started to look around there were stuff on the wall lt look like dried up boogers, the bathtub was not clean and hd hair in it. The shade for the window needed to be changed. I called down to the front desk and told her something was on the wall, could l change rooms, she said she would move me to the 5thfloor. When l got to the front desk she handled me the key l looked at the room number it said room 417. I said oh your not moving me to the 5thfloor you changed it to room 417 okay thank you have a good night.

Stopping by for the night we had a great overnight stay. The blonde short haired lady at reception was wonderful. Every hotel should have one of her. Our room was nice as well. It could use a little TLC but nothing to complain about. Beds were super comfortable and the pool was nice. Pet friendly as well. If ever passing through Chattanooga,  I'd stay here again. Lots of food options nearby including Cracker Barrel.

Hotel staff was friendly. The lobby and sleeping  room were clean. In the hot temperatures, cold bottles of water were offered. This hotel is located right off of I 75 freeway, easy to find. I would recommend 👌

We were lucky enough to have Hannah check us in when we arrived late last night. She was super kind and thoughtful. Our room was clean and comfy. Great stay over all!

Overnight visit,  traveling. Rooms were clean.  No complaints

Our floors were incredibly dirty and we had to wear shoes in the room, coffee maker was so visibly dirty we opted not to use. Lots of noise/sirens on highway facing room. Pool is definitely small but a perk. Was always too crowded for us to use. Super walkable to activities with kids and to great food. Overall the stay seemed expensive for the quality of linens/pillows and no included breakfast. Parking is more limited in daytime when the museum is open -- it's a shared lot. Staff was super friendly and helpful, no complaints there!!!

This was our second time staying here and both times Steve was amazing! He was super friendly, welcoming, and knowledgeable. He was the reason we decided to stay again.

Seems like most hotels in Chatanooga are over-priced. This one is a better value than others, which is probably why the parking lot was virtually full. Place is very clean. Rooms are spacious but the bathroom will only hold 1 person at a time. Has an indoor pool.|Front desk coverage seems spotty. Food service is another story. $13 for what was maybe a 4oz. pour of house wine was an absolute rip off. Dinner was ok. A burger is $15+. Fries $5. more. Sorry, no supposed to be included coleslaw tonight. Need to get a breakfast voucher every AM. Breakfast is less than convenient having to wait on only 1 server to get your hot breakfast. Cold items you get yourself. No one at desk to check out. Just left the room keys. Not sure we would stay here again.

The pillows were a joke.  Flat as flat could be.

Hilton is always my first choice.  And only twice have I been disappointed, but they have always corrected the problem.  This hotel is no exception.  I personally didn't do the booking, so when we arrived the room that was booked was not what we got.  But I went to the front desk and everything was taken care of.  The room description stated that there was a sleeper sofa and this room only had a chair.  A rollaway bed was quickly sent to the room, and our problem was solved.   I will say this, I tried 5 times to get the front desk before arriving and was never able to speak with anyone. I was transferred by Hilton booking representatives 3 times and even given the direct number for the hotel.  I was disconnected 3 times, and using the direct number never got an answer. So when I approached the front desk to check in, I asked if there was a reason for no one answering, since it was obvious there was no one even in the lobby and very few cars in the parking lot.  The clerk apologized and said he had just come on shift.  So I didn't  blame him.  He was actually very nice and helpful.  Would I stay here again, possibly.
Everyone calls me a "hotel snob," but that is because I am picky.  Having traveled the US with Irish dancers has made me that way.

We were treated like loyalty when we came late at night, sent us to the room with Waters and were very attentive to our needs! I truly appreciate the Hilton crews.

Good experience.

Great ! clean !Safe! Great staff! Restaurant food very good!

Amazing and friendly staff. Rooms was clean and housekeeping was spot on.

I attended here for a continuing education course. The conference room was nice but a narrow space with limited room for lab techniques. Also, they removed the coffee before lunch and we definitely need coffee for the afternoon part of the course.

Love this place!

This place was very clean and quiet. It looked updated and well maintained. There were a few places in our room that could have used some fixing (a spot on the ceiling in the shower where paint was pealing and water damage brown spot on wall behind shower head), but overall a good place to stay. Front desk service was very friendly and helpful. They were quick and efficient in check-in and check-out. The only real negative was the bed. The mattress were very uncomfortable. I generally enjoy a firm mattress, but this was like a brick.

The front desk staff is rude and unprofessional . I understand now why the rating is a 3 star hotel.  I called  this afternoon to asked if anything was available for early check in. Instead of her looking to confirm she rushed me off the phone by stating the only time guest can check in is at 3pm. I know this is a lie because I’ve stayed here plenty of times before and I was able to check in early.  Then she proceeds to say that housekeeping is behind with cleaning rooms so all the rooms are dirty. Literally unprofessional and shouldn’t be working at the front desk because you told me all the rooms were dirty so I’m assuming even the unoccupied rooms are dirty so I defiantly don’t want to stay now.   All the rooms are dirty and not one clean room  ?  if that is the case then they need a new cleaning crew and nobody should stay if all the rooms are dirty.  Check your room thoroughly for cleanliness if you do stay.   I did file a complaint and left my review on social media.

Angela makes the best drinks. She guessed my mood to make my drinks and was spot on every time.

Angela makes an awesome after dinner drink!

This Hilton branch provides exceptional world class customer service. From La Share ensuring my stay was amazing to Jeremy with the daily texts asking if I had everything I need to the warm ambiance of hospitality from the time you walk into the hotel. The hotel is in a desirable highly walkable location. My husband and I was in town to celebrate us and the hotel ensured we felt special. We didn’t do and meals on site but it seemed to always be full and guest was very cheerful! I can’t speak on the amenities however I’m sure they are just as an impeccable!!!

Q and Angela are the Best Bartenders in Chattanooga they definitely made me feel at home I love the Bar and the food by Chef Lewis prepared amazing Veggie Tacos my only complaint as a Cigar smoker was that the Fireplace on the patio was not in working condition that definitely needs to be fixed

Friendly staff. Personalized breakfast.

I travel every week and stay at a HGI or Embassy Suites.   This is the worst experience in several years.  First, as I entered my room I noticed it was cool so checked the thermostat.  It only showed one number.  I told the front desk and he said just hit the arrow up or down.  Really?  At 4:00 apparently maintenance was already gone.  Next I turned on the TV.  About every other channel would not work.  Back to the front desk.  I told him to give me another room and he said it would probably be the same in any room.   With hesitation I tried the restaurant for dinner.   This location thinks hamburgers or pizza was OK as their only entrees.   Then when I returned to my room I was going to get one of the bottles of water, as an HGI Diamond would normally do but guess what?  No waters.   I stayed at this location several times last year.   It must have changed management because it is somewhere I will never stay again.

We enjoyed our stay and were pleased with the customer service provided by LaShara. She was welcoming and attentive to our needs. Exceptional customer service like this from our past stay will always keep us booking with Hilton.

I enjoyed our stay… Lashara was amazing and provided exceptional customer service! Very friendly and knowledgeable… she didn’t mind answering any questions I had! Will definitely stay here again!

Now this is what you call a continental breakfast!!!
Consistently one of the best places to eat a good breakfast in Chattanooga..

I loved the front desk clerk. I was looking for a room with a jacuzzi and she referred me to where to go. I wasn’t able to book that room with it in it so I  decided to stay here. The other hotels weren’t very helpful. So she won me over. I like a front desk to be helpful and informative. She was all that. The hotel was nice and clean and  perfect .

As a lawyer,  I travel a lot. Having business here in Chattanooga,  I stayed here at Hilton Garden Inn.  The recently remodeling of this facility is in a word, superb!  Excellent accommodations.

Anna at check in very friendly and helped me get my Honor Awards corrected,  she was very nice

Absolutely loved this place. It was very well kept. Front desk service was excellent, the room was very clean; loved the fresh scent! For a busy area, I really loved this Hotel. Now every time I have to come for business trip this will be my home away from home.

Very clean! The staff was exceptional! Highly recommended!

The stay was decent. Room smelled like a gerbil cage. Having to listen to the breakfast attendants carry on, screaming and laughing did disturb the breakfast experience.

Rooms were nice but was told the breakfast was free but it was not

Place  was not good. It’s a days inn in the name of Hilton. Huge turn off was as soon as we walked in into the room, found stain on the bed! Complained to the staff and they said they will
Let the house keeping know!!!

This is a very nice clean hotel with lots of great restaurants around it. Our grou liked Super Pho, Dosa Hut, Drakes and Mellow Mushroom. Great staff.

I was actually shocked that this Hilton garden was as nice as it was. I actually stayed at one before in chesapeake va..  the location was perfect . There were many restaurants.   Amd stores nearby. Some in walking distance. Others less than 5 min drive. The hotel was super clean. The beds were very soft. . This was a pleasant surprise..I definitely  reccoment this particular Hilton garden Inn. And the price was not  bad at all for 1 night. 130

Comfortable rooms.  Clean.  But needs mantainance help, paint peeling on ceiling in shower and bath fan not working.

Beautiful hotel, amazing staff, rooms very clean and comfortable and bonus of on-site restaurant

The hotel is directly across the street from a young folks club

Super clean!

Hands down one of the best customer services experiences I have ever seen and I have worked in the hospitality industry for a long time. We had an unique issue on our road trip (that wasn’t related to the hotel) and Sean the operations manager went above and beyond to help us out and made sure we had a nice room for the night. Miss Angela, the bartender stayed late to make sure we had a nice night cap of a cocktail. The hotel is nice and clean and the staff wonderful. Highly recommend.

I had a disappointing stay at this hotel. The gym was closed, rooms were dirty, staff was rude, the location felt unsafe, and to top it off, I found a hair in my eggs during breakfast. Not the experience I expected or paid for.

This was my first time at this particular Hilton.  It was really nice.

Nice and clean. ....Only issue was housekeeping kept disturbing us before check out......

Very friendly staff great rooms, Anna on the 3-11 shift was great and Angela at the bar was very friendly.

Fantastic! From the moment you walk in you smell how clean it is. Everyone was so helpful and friendly. When staying in Chattanooga, this is the place to start.

Pro tip:if you need a cart, the only named Dolly Carton is your best choice.

Very nice place. The rooms and grounds are very clean.
Staff were always very friendly and kind, ready to accommodate if you had a request- especially during breakfast. It was a good breakfast. Cinnamon rolls are a nice treat!
It was a little tough to find right away as the area has a lot of traffic with food places and is off a pretty busy road.
Beds were nice, and the pillows are labeled with firmness which was cute.

Excellent facility with hometown feel

Great customer service,rooms were clean very helpful and friendly staff members and above all great atmosphere and great location right across are several good eating places the hotel does serve food and drinks we enjoyed our stay.

Clean rooms and friendly staff. Lobby looked and smelt excellent.

Nice rooms, very clean & Extremely COMFORTABLE BED!

Excellent experience all the way around. Evening dinner was outstanding--the best we've had at a Hilton Garden Inn. Staff is friendly and helpful. Clean, spacious, quiet room.

Buen servicio, excelente atención , muy amables todos, muy cerca de la zona industrial. Las instalaciones son cómodas y las camas muy suaves, el desayuno es sabroso y el agua para tomar es gratis, estacionamiento amplio

The hotel is really nice. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean. The problem I have is the breakfast isn't included. It's ridiculous that you have to $13 per person for breakfast for the amount of money I paid to stay it should be included

Excellent and very accommodating. Clean and very comfortable.

Absolutely loved this place. It was very well kept. Front desk service was excellent, the room was very clean; loved the fresh scent! For a busy area, I had a really good rest. Thank you.

Nice, clean, comfortable room. Really nice shower too. However, from what I could see, most people staying are tourists, so why the awful breakfast hours? Penny pinching at hotels is getting worse and it was packed 10m before it closed. If the hotel's management cannot see that a later breakfast is needed, they should move over. We're on a holiday, why should I need to wake up early, just to get to breakfast before it closes at 9am?! It's far more civilised in Europe where breakfast usually finishes at 11, allowing for late nights and late mornings.

Staff was very friendly! Hotel overall was super clean! The beds & bedding were super clean and comfortable! Pool was really nice and not overly crowded! Me, my husband and children had a great stay!

Very basic rooms, but great location and breakfast is always good!

I met Bimalka and Renee. They all provided a professional and warm service to me.thanks London Hilton team.

This is one of the best hotels in London to stay at. The executive lounge is a must! All of the staff are so lovely especially Abi on reception who helped us with our dinner reservations and our overall hotel stay.

I attended an event today on the 29th floor as an invited guest and had been there the entire evening.
After briefly leaving for bathroom, a female staff member refused to let me back in, claiming I “looked drunk,” despite me being completely sober.
What made this even more upsetting was that other guests who were visibly far more intoxicated were still allowed entry without any issue.
I was the only person singled out and denied access, which made the situation feel blatantly racially discriminatory and deeply humiliating.
Extremely disappointing experience from Hilton London Metropole.

This property markets itself as a five star hotel, but in execution, it functions as a solid four star at best. Given the premium room rates of $500 to $700 per night, the actual experience fell incredibly short of expectations.

As a Diamond member, the arrival experience was disappointing. There was a lengthy wait at reception with no dedicated lane for top tier loyalty members. The front desk staff appeared aloof, exhausted, and entirely disengaged, providing a remarkably cold and uninviting welcome. Furthermore, there was no welcome note or standard recognition of status upon entering the room.

The room itself was acceptable, offering a minor upgrade to a high floor with a balcony, but preparation was entirely overlooked. Despite spending three hours coordinating via the Hilton app chat prior to arrival, none of my basic requests for extra pillows, water, or coffee were fulfilled. The communication on the app was slow, unhelpful, and ultimately resulted in empty promises. Having to repeatedly request these basic items after check in turned the stay into unnecessary work.

The Executive Lounge was functional but highly underwhelming, suffering from overcrowding and a very basic selection of food and beverages. Ironically, I have experienced far more sincere, gracious hospitality at three star properties over the past year.

While the stay ended without further incident, the overall lack of warmth and poor execution means I will not be returning.

For travelers looking for a genuine, true luxury experience in London, I strongly advise considering actual five star hotels nearby, such as The Wellesley Knightsbridge. The contrast in staff professionalism, room quality, and overall execution makes it clear that this Hilton property simply does not belong in the same luxury category.

Was at an event recently and received excellent service from Harry.

Many thanks.

Lovely hotel. Pristine service

Sonia was very helpful at the Tolley’s Awards night.

Harry & Letitia were amazing!! Thank you 🤩

The Harry and Letifra have been totally amazing and really made the evening really special.

Lucas was amazing. Looked after us and was so attentive. Brilliant service

Sonja was fantastic! She could not have done more for us. Wonderful service. Also, Brandon was a geezer.

Brandon made our night great - he deserved all the plaudits available

We've had a wonderful evening tonight at Tolley's Taxation Awards. Letitia was amazing, extreamly personable, and really made our night! Thanks so much.

Brandon was a great host.

Great experience at the Tolleys Tax Awards held here. Particularly want to shout out Lucas G for the fantastic service!

Rutvik was awesome

Kwasi is spectacular at his job.

Fantastic and friendly staff. Especially Ebenezer and Marina. Thanks for a great night.

I had an absolutely wonderful stay at the London Hilton on Park Lane. From the moment I arrived, the staff made me feel incredibly welcome with their professional and attentive service. The room was spacious, spotless, and offered a breathtaking view of Hyde Park. The location is perfect—within walking distance of Buckingham Palace and great shopping spots. Breakfast was delicious with a wide variety of choices. Highly recommended for anyone looking for luxury in the heart of London!

Too expensive for what you get
Lobby is very busy
Service can be better
Quality for money is not good

I attended an awards event including dinner and the service from everyone at the Hilton Park Lane was superb. From the welcome greeting by Jason at the kerbside, through to the cloakroom staff and security team everyone was courteous and thoroughly professional. Special shout out to Sonja and her dining service team. They were efficient, unobtrusive, polite and did their jobs brilliantly. It all helped towards a great experience and evening. All the staff were a credit to the organisation. Thank you.

The way I was greeted at the reception was great! Specifically by Alhassan who was very welcoming and took me personally to my room

Beginning with check-in, the staff was attentive and helpful. Elijah was kind enough to upgrade our room, which enabled us to access the executive lounge for breakfast. This was such a generous and lovely gesture as the staff within and the breakfast were wonderful every day. Housekeeping kept the spacious king room fully appointed. We are already planning to come back next week as we end our travels. Thank you for making my birthday trip so special.

Harry is a legend, thanks for the custom drink!

Exceptional service from the staff who are friendly and helpful. Harry went above and beyond to find me a glass of fizz. Thank you.

Rutvik was exceptional, attentive and friendly. Hes service was outstanding. Thank you.

The great ballroom is awesome

Letitia served us and was very helpful.

Letitia was incredibly professional and polite, and is a credit to your team.

Thank you for the wonderful stay, the breakfast was really rich and everything was delicious, thanks to the special lady who cooked us the most amazing omelettes! The hotel is located in a beautiful neighborhood and it is well connected to the center of London and to every attraction! Team was attentive and friendly, thank you Madalena for checking us in, you welcomed us with such kindness and professionalism! It was truly a wonderful stay and we couldn’t be happier. Definitely recommend! :)

This is probably one of the best Hilton properties I have stayed at.   The staff and their responsiveness amazed me.   Everybody from the Front Desk staff (Sasha) to the hostess taking care of people arriving for breakfast and the speediness of room service was top notch.

In desperate need of refurbishment

Extremely disappointing experience associated with the London Hilton on Park Lane on St George’s Day.

My party and I had spent the afternoon enjoying a formal luncheon nearby before deciding to visit Shanghai Me within the hotel for drinks. We were all smartly dressed in suits, wearing St George’s member's ties and red roses in respectful celebration of the national day.

Despite being appropriately dressed and behaving respectfully, we were refused entry. The situation left us feeling unfairly judged purely for wearing tasteful national symbols associated with St George’s Day.

What made matters worse was the handling of the complaint afterwards. Different explanations were given, including claims that we had been offered the opportunity to remove items of clothing, which simply did not happen. The final response ultimately relied on “management discretion” while avoiding any meaningful acknowledgement of how the experience came across from a customer perspective.

I fully appreciate that private venues have dress codes and reserve the right to refuse entry. However, there is a significant difference between enforcing standards and making guests feel unwelcome because of respectful expressions of national identity.

Most disappointing of all was Hilton corporate distancing itself from the matter entirely despite the venue operating within one of its flagship London hotels.

For a hotel and venue positioning themselves as luxury hospitality brands, I expected far better communication, professionalism, and customer care.

🏨 What it is (simple definition)

A classic 5-star luxury hotel run by Hilton, sitting on Park Lane in Mayfair, overlooking Hyde Park—one of the most prestigious hotel addresses in London.

📍 Location (major advantage)
Right on Park Lane, Mayfair
Facing Hyde Park
Walking distance to:
Buckingham Palace
Green Park
Oxford Street shopping
Extremely central for sightseeing and business travel
🏛️ Scale & style
Opened in 1963 as Hilton’s first UK hotel
One of London’s early modern skyscraper hotels
~28 floors, tall city views over London skyline
Style: modern corporate luxury + classic Hilton comfort, not boutique or ultra-trendy
🛏️ Rooms & experience
Around 453 rooms + 56 suites
High floors = best views (Hyde Park / skyline)
Rooms are:
Comfortable and spacious for central London
Recently refreshed in many areas
Suites often include access to Executive Lounge (breakfast + drinks)
🍽️ Dining & bars
Multiple restaurants and bars inside
Popular highlights:
Park Corner Brasserie (modern British dining)
Revery Bar (cocktails & lounge vibe)
Strong focus on convenience rather than Michelin-style exclusivity
✨ What makes it special
🔥 One of London’s most famous Hilton flagship properties
🌳 Direct Hyde Park views (rare in central London hotels)
🏙️ High-rise skyline views (great at night)
🚶 Perfect base for first-time London visitors
👍 Why people choose it
Excellent central location
Reliable international 5-star service
Good Hilton Honors benefits (upgrades/lounges)
Easy access to major landmarks
⚠️ Things to know
Not a boutique or “ultra-luxury storytelling” hotel
Can feel busy / corporate
Luxury level is solid but not on the level of ultra-premium brands nearby
🧠 Simple summary

London Hilton on Park Lane = iconic high-rise luxury hotel in Mayfair with unbeatable location, Hyde Park views, and dependable 5-star Hilton comfort.

All was perfect, thanks Elijah for the complimentary prosecco and special thanks to Bilal and Abi for a fast and seamless check in

Great stay, thanks to Bilal and Abi. See you at Conrad Istanbul

غرف نظيفه ومجدده و خدمة احترافية وراقية جدا من الحميع وخصوصاً من بلال. Professional hospitality by Belal

Our stay was fantastic. The hotel is so clean. Excellent location. Beautiful flowers in the lobby. Great breakfast. Very friendly staff. We especially appreciated Bilal’s help. He was extremely welcoming and friendly!!! Thank you!

Thank you zara for making it an enjoyable experience and at the hilton on park lane, the service was great and the food was lovely

Elijah at the front desk was amazing! So friendly and professional, excellent hospitality all around!

Great service end to end! From check in to the helpful colleagues. Of course, a special shout out to Udit from From Desk and the breakfast team. Reminded me of your quote: "Breakfast Time is Hilton Time"! Roll on Hilton Viemna Park!

We enjoyed the executive lounge. Great food and drinks. Simone was very helpful with ideas of what to see and nice restaurants to try out.

My husband and I checked in for a business conference. You ran into a minor issue regarding payment. Elijah assisted us during our check-in process and was very patient, knowledgeable, and.Pleasant. I would highly recommend this hotel and all front desk service. Magdalena was very pleasant and helpful as well. Well done by all!

As HH Gold we were hoping for an upgrade. They could not accommodate this. Not even a late check out with just one hour. |We paid extra for lounge access. This was such a sad experience from last time that it was really a waste of money. The so called breakfast caters to a different crowd-no toaster, no real bacon and 1/2 of the selection is just doughnuts and waffles. I do not prefer that nor mango chutney, pita bread and chiliflakes for breakfast to be honest. Staff seems pretty tired of their job and have no idea of how to smile. They take away food before closing time, but with that uninteresting selection we couldn’t care less. |Room had a beautiful view from 24th floor, bed is good enough and room was not super tiny. |However housekeeping were completely annoying, even though it’s partly our fault not having the «do not disturb» sign on. We just never do, (most because of security reasons) because professional hotels have a certain overview of which rooms to be cleaned. This hotel does not. First knock and entering was before 09. We had planned to sleep in late, but that did not happen. Then another couple of times before check out. Why??|Not very impressed. What happened Hilton on Park Lane? You used to be good!

Friendly welcome to hotel at check in by Rebecca. Room was lovely and clean with a beautiful view ( was asked at check in if a city view or park view was preferred, I said I didn’t mind) Booked a table in the restaurant (same as place you have breakfast) and the service, atmosphere and food were 10/10! Breakfast in morning was beautifully laid out and the choice was brilliant, both cooked and continental. Again the service at breakfast was superb thanks to Setty, who was attentive and helpful. To finish off, there is a bus stop directly outside which was helpful getting back to Victoria in the morning.Will stay again!

Everything was perfect, the staff was great, specially Bilal who make our stay wonderful. Thanks 🙏🏻

Our stay was great. I took my mom to London for her birthday. The hotel is very well located, minutes walk from Buckingham palace, close to public transportation, Piccadilly circus. BUT most importantly -- the level of care and service were simply impeccable. Everybody was friendly and professional. Stanislav was beyond helpful and professional, he went out of his was to ensure our comfort. He genuinely showed care, he and his lovely colleague made arrangements for my mom's birthday and went out of their way. Tatyana on the front desk was extremely helpful. Literally everybody we encountered were great (unfortunately, I don't remember all the names). The room was well-appointed with great views and fresh renovations, way better than expected.

My stay at the London Hilton on Park Lane was truly enjoyable. The level of service from all team members was outstanding, creating a warm and comfortable atmosphere throughout.||Everything was handled efficiently, and the hospitality was genuine and consistent. The culinary experience was a highlight—excellent quality, well presented, and full of flavor.||Thank you to the whole team for making this stay memorable. I would highly recommend this hotel and look forward to visiting again.

Staying here is always a great experience! Abdel has given us a superb experience for years. He is the hotel 👍Roy at the front door saw us inside and ensured we had drinks. Elijah who booked us in was a very warm chap, who made us feel like family. Samreen who looked after us at breakfast was not only attentive, but went above and beyond. She made us feel like we’re the only ones being served. Astonishing service!! We’ll be back very soon😎🙏

I had a great stay at the London Hilton on Park Lane. From arrival to departure, everything was smooth and well organized. The team provided excellent service—professional, attentive, and always welcoming.

The food quality was very high, with a great variety and consistency throughout my stay. You can really see the attention to detail in both service and culinary experience.

A special thank you to the entire team for their kind hospitality and dedication. I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely return.

The service is excellent! Highly recommend!

As someone who has been in the hospitality industry for nearly 30 years, I don’t say this lightly , the service at the London Hilton on Park Lane is on a completely different level to anywhere else.|From the moment I arrived, Ben, the Guest Service Manager, recognised me and delivered a flawless, genuinely warm welcome that immediately set the tone for the stay. Stan was equally impressive , professional, attentive, and effortlessly ensuring everything was taken care of.|What stood out most was the authenticity of the service. This wasn’t scripted hospitality; it was natural, confident, and delivered with pride.|A truly outstanding team and a benchmark for what great hospitality should look like.|Highly recommended, and I look forward to returning.

Absolutely terrible experience for what's supposed to be a top tier 5* hotel. Booked over wife's birthday, started off well with nice welcome amenity in room. Then the issues started;
- kettle not working, had to wait 30 mins for another which again didn’t work. Waited an hour before could have a cup of tea at 11pm at night
- ⁠each time reception was called, couldn’t get through to anyone or had to wait a very long time
- ⁠asked room service for a knife and fork and was told they would charge me for them. Yes read that correctly, charged to use a knife and fork at a 5* hotel.
- proceeded to order a Coke zero along with it and charge came to £14. For a soda and knife and fork.
- ⁠woke up next day only to realise none of the plug sockets worked which is why the kettles didn’t work, couldn’t charge phone or use any electronics
- ⁠raised this with reception at 9.30am on Thursday morning and was promised it would be sorted along with some form of compensation by a female member of staff
- ⁠returned at 3pm that day and big surprise, no one had been and the sockets still weren't working or fixed, meaning again couldn’t fully use my room
- ⁠an engineer finally came around 4.15pm to fix them and therefore this was resolved but this caused an extreme convenience as no phone battery, laptop etc until then
- ⁠the toilet in the bathroom had issues and continually was blocked on almost every flush
- then to top it off, ⁠upon check out the member of staff didn’t offer any form of compensation despite being promised the day before and reminding them of this and all they said was sorry, I can't do anything my manager is the only one and he is in a meeting.

For a branded 5* hotel on park lane I would have expected at least the basics like the room to work, let alone the appalling service recovery, ruined the occasion. Considering the thousand of other hotels in London I recommend anyone reading this to choose them over this one as we certainly won't be returning again.

Attended corporate event

I had a fantastic stay at London Hilton on Park Lane. The room was on a very high floor, offering incredible panoramic views across London, especially at night. Everything was clean, well maintained, and very comfortable, making it easy to relax. The service throughout was excellent—staff were friendly, professional, and always attentive. The food was also good, with a nice variety and quality. Overall, a really enjoyable and smooth experience, and I would definitely stay again.

Amazing

Location is amazing. Walking distance to everything. View was wonderful - Buckingham Palace to Hyde Park. Tip to avoid crowded streets - take the park or back streets. You will find lovely architecture and shops.

The cafe for breakfast is lovely but we mainly went to the Executive Lounge on the 1st floor. The entire team was pleasant and helpful.

An unbeatable location directly opposite Hyde Park, and perfectly placed for the London Marathon finish. From the moment we arrived, Rebekah at reception made us feel genuinely welcome with her warm and personal approach. Along with Abdel, their attentive and friendly service made our stay especially memorable.

Breakfast offered an impressive array of cuisines with plenty of choice, and the rooms were clean, comfortable, and well maintained, making for a thoroughly enjoyable stay. Great experience all round.

Encore un magnifique séjour au Park Lane ! Les équipes de réception et de l’executive lounge et les hôtesses de la Brasserie sont adorables et à l’écoute.|Une jeune femme en cuisine qui fait les omelettes le matin reste souriante et si efficace, malgré la demande et la pression, et ses omelettes sont divines. |La chambre est incroyablement spacieuse, et la connectivité excellente. Mais ce qui reste unique, est la vue, sur Londres. Unique, magique.

We had a spectacular five day stay very near so many sights thanks to the Hilton Park Lane.  From the moment we arrived we were treated kindly, respectfully by all members of the staff.

The restaurant for breakfast was very relaxing and well appointed with an array of choices.  Our wonderful attendant Serri was always looking out for us and very sweet.  The executive lounge was one of the best we’ve ever been at.

Our room was modern and quiet with an incredible view towards Buckinham palace.  The housekeeping staff kept the room like new.

My recent stay at London Hilton on Park Lane was, overall, a thoroughly enjoyable experience, deserving of a solid four-star commendation.

From the outset, the hotel impresses with its prime position overlooking Hyde Park, offering some of the most captivating views in London. There is an immediate sense of scale and energy upon arrival, with a lobby that is both lively and well-appointed, striking a balance between modern comfort and classic city hotel charm.

The room itself was well presented, clean, and thoughtfully arranged. While not overly extravagant, it delivered everything one would expect from a reputable establishment of this calibre. The true highlight, however, was undoubtedly the view — waking up to the London skyline added a certain refinement to the stay that elevated the overall experience.

Service throughout was professional and efficient. Staff were courteous and accommodating, particularly during check-in and within the communal areas. While there were moments where the pace felt slightly brisk — perhaps a reflection of the hotel’s popularity — it never detracted significantly from the overall comfort of the stay.

Facilities were equally commendable, with the executive spaces and dining options offering a pleasant environment to unwind. The atmosphere carries a certain cosmopolitan vibrancy, making it well suited for both business and leisure travellers.

If one were to offer a minor critique, it would be that certain aspects of the property feel a touch dated when compared to some of London’s newer luxury offerings. However, this is more than offset by its location, views, and consistently reliable service.

In summary, the London Hilton on Park Lane delivers a polished and dependable experience in one of the city’s most desirable locations. It may not seek to overwhelm with extravagance, but it succeeds in providing comfort, convenience, and a quietly confident standard of hospitality.

Joseph Raheem Banks

Visited Shanghai me.  Great views, friendly and helpful staff but "odd" cocktails and quite expensive.

Bilal, the receptionist at Hilton London, was truly exceptional. He was very understanding, always smiling, and incredibly helpful throughout our stay. His warm and professional attitude made us feel genuinely welcome from the very first moment.

The hotel itself is in a great location, very convenient and close to everything, which made our stay even more enjoyable.
Thank you, Bilal, for your outstanding service it is highly appreciated.

Another flawless stay at the London Hilton on Park Lane.

The room was nothing short of spectacular, with breathtaking views of The Shard and the London Eye that truly elevate the entire experience.

The service was exceptional from check-in to check-out. A special recognition to Elijah at reception, who delivered a seamless check-in with impeccable professionalism and a genuinely warm, confident manner that instantly made me feel valued.

A perfect blend of luxury, elegance, and outstanding service—this hotel continues to set the standard every time I visit.

Superior check in service from Ayam, Abi, and Bilal.  Very welcoming and went above and beyond during the check in process to seamlessly transition what had been a very difficult travel day into the perfect beginning of my London Marathon 2026 experience.  Looking forward to an excellent stay at London Hilton on Park Lane.

Amazing Service thank you

Elijah at check in was. Most pleasant and super helpful

موظفي الاستقبال غير متعاونين نهائياً ، عمال الصيانه مزعجيييين جدا جدا خصوصا فتره الصباح ، تجربه
لن تتكرر

Maryam is great help lots of love! Thank you

Good service

One the staff, Letitia was very friendly and provided a good service

Mariyam is really a great person<3

Mariam was amazing

Maryam was so kind

Mariyam was a lovely cloackeoom assistant

Hilton Hotles is very Amazing,The food is usually delicious, with both local and international options. Locations are often convenient, near city centers or tourist attractions,and 1 Clean and Comfortable rooms,Excellent Costumer service, Safe and secure environments.

The staff were extremely kind and helpful, the food was great in particular the cookies!

Receptionist were really polite and helpful

Amazing experience here, absolutely loved it and Abi took great care of us also, he is a 💎

Bilal is very good. He was really helpful. I like most the of the staff here to be honest.

I really enjoyed my stay here. The location is perfect, just across from Hyde Park Corner - I couldn’t ask for more.

The check-in and check-out processes went smoothly. The Front Desk team was friendly and very helpful with any questions or requests I had. I also received a complimentary upgrade to a Deluxe room on a higher floor with a fascinating view, which I truly appreciated.

Bial from the Front Desk was especially friendly and professional, and genuinely cared about how our stay went.

Breakfast was excellent, with a great variety of options. I would especially like to mention Samreen from the breakfast area, who went the extra mile. I would also like to mention Ivana, Oscar, and their colleagues from the restaurant - thank you for all the hard work and for always having smiles on your faces.

I’m sorry I can’t remember all the names, but I would also like to mention the team at the bar. One gentleman, I believe from Argentina, and another from London were both extremely friendly.

I’m already looking forward to coming back and would happily recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London.

Let’s talk about the Hilton buffet breakfast , I must say it’s one of the best I have ever had . The variety and most importantly the quality of the food was amazing ,from the sausages and bacon if you went for the full English to the patisserie and fruit selection you can taste the quality. There are also items you can ask the chef to prepare like eggs Benedict , omelet’s and smoked salmon with lemon to name but a few so if you ever stay at the Hilton on park lane , make sure you book the breakfast as you certainly will not be disappointed .

Fabulous hotel in a very central location. The underground parking is very handy but an additional cost. The breakfast was without doubt the best I had experienced ! Even better than those experienced in Monaco and Dubai !

Great experience

Had a wonderful stay at the Hilton to celebrate my 60th Birthday. From the moment we arrived the staff  were attentive, so helpful and welcoming. We got 5 star treatment for the whole stay. On our checkout Elijah on reception was so helpful to sort out a cake box  for us and ensured our checkout process was seamless.

Elyjah was really helpful and respectful, also had the pleasure to with safiya  who had a great personality and had a great attitude, the rooms were clean the staff is great from the doormen, concierge and everybody was smiling and made me feel great thanks a lot and I will be visiting this hotel agin. Regarding

In October 1977 I was on leave in the Navy. We had pulled into Portsmouth, and I was dying to see London. I had lots of cash in my pockets and about a weeks leave on the books. I've never been one to go the cheap route.(I'm a firm believer that you only get what you pay for.) After filing my leave chit, I started asking around to find out what the best place to stay was in London. About 8 out of 10 people said that I should stay at the Hilton or the Playboy Club and Hotel at that point in time it was just down the street. To finish this up the Hilton was top notch. At that time there was a Trader Vic's (bar and restaurant), in the lobby. My room had a small balcony, neat and clean with a mini bar. They made my stay wonderful! Thanks for reading!

I’d never give Park lane Hilton less than 5 stars but standards are slipping.
Champagne in executive lounge has been substituted for Prosecco. After multiple stays and a gold member, never received an upgrade. Over powering perfume smell in lounge.
Kids bed next to lift shaft and soda bed not ideal.
Toilet blocked 3 times, not a pretty sight.
But yeah! Still a top notch choice of abode in the capital.

Yet another wonderful stay (Mar 2026) in one of the best locations in West London.  We stayed in a fabulous Mayfair Suite with city views and access to the executive lounge.  Wonderful selection at breakfast in the main restaurant adjacent to the lobby.

Every member of staff that we interacted with was friendly and professional but a special mention goes to Abdallah on reception and Safiya in the executive lounge.  They both went above and beyond and are a real credit to the hotel.

We had our third stay at the hotel last week which was for a special celebration. Abdallah Alsayed from the reception team and Safiya Sheth from the Guest Experience Team were able to get us an amazing room upgrade that made our stat super special. As Hilton Honors Diamond member using the Exec lounge was lovely and the breakfast in the restuarant downstairs was as lovely as ever. The whole London Hilton on Park Lane team are great, its a fab hotel in a fab location and we can't wait for our next visit.

Honestly not a stand out to me.

On my first night I was woken up from 7am for about an hour hearing the room next to me banging the bathroom doors, toilet seat and making terrible noises. It happened the second morning as well.

I complained and was not assisted with a different room, no earplugs, and no message to the other guests to be more mindful.

On my first night there was also two men in the lobby who harassed myself and two younger women who ran into the elevators because they felt afraid. I was shocked no security intervened or that such men could be allowed to bother women in this hotel.

As a woman I don’t recommend this hotel as it is mostly a hotel full of men on business trips and not families or couples

It was a great location and very convenient to get everywhere from here.

I didn’t find the staff overly friendly not many smiles or greetings in and out of the hotel.

The fridge and the towel heating in my room didn’t work either.

I stayed for over a week and it didn’t feel relaxed.

This was my favorite Hilton out of my entire European trip! Nice location, beautiful rooms and great customer service; immediately when you drive up to the hotel. Great doorman with top hats and the front desk were all great at their job! I will definitely be back! Your only completion is the Hilton Milan, Italy, but they are number 2 and you are number 1!!!!

Bund lounge

An amazing event at the Hilton Park Lane. Kwasi provided an exceptional service, Kwasi’s made sure everything went smoothly. 10/10 for Kwasi!👍🏻

One of the best Hilton and overall hotel experiences I've had in a long time.  Check-in was flawless. The room was impeccable. Breakfast and lounge were perfect.  I look forward to staying here again.

Ο αρχικός λόγος που επιλέξαμε να μείνουμε στο συγκεκριμένο ξενοδοχείο είναι γιατί είναι το πιο ιστορικό ξενοδοχείο της Hilton, στο Λονδίνο. Κατά την επίσκεψη μας όμως, η ευγένεια του προσωπικού από τους doormen, την ρεσεψιόν και το προσωπικό του εστιατορίου, έκαναν την διαμονή μας εξαιρετική. Μπράβο, σε όλους!

Great service from Elajah at reception.
Very helpful and professional — Hilton is lucky to have him

Nataliia exemplifies all that is good about the London Hilton on Park Lane. She went out of her way to help me when I had lost my glasses. She was kind and considerate and super helpful. She should be cherished by the management, she’s a really kind and empathetic person and does you credit.

This is a wonderful hotel to stay at while visiting London. It is a beautiful updated hotel with wonderful views from the rooms. The staff is very friendly and helpful, some of the best service I received anywhere. The location is perfect for exploring all of the tourist sites. The restaurant inside the hotel is a must visit for any meal. I had an incredible dinner there and the breakfast was the best I had in London. It was a huge spread of different cuisines and selections, and everything tasted great. I had Sherry for my server and she made the experience so much better. She was so friendly with a great personality. I looked forward going to breakfast just to interact with her and it’s a great way to get your day started.

Eli on check in was super helpful

The view and the staff are absolutely amazing 😩😍😍

Gute Lage, toller Ausblick, umfangreiches und leckeres Frühstück, nettes und freundliches Personal, auch die Executive Lounge sehr gut. Wirklich mit fällt nichts negatives ein.

What can you say about the best location, the best service and the outstanding staff at the Park Lane Hilton. A small comfortable relaxing place in all the rush of Mayfair making it an oasis for its guests. Max running the lounge with the outstanding staff surprising you with smiles and a need to keep all guests content during their stay. Impossible to find another hotel like it in London. Benny and Abdul ensure if a guest requires special attention or any slight extra comfort, they get it. Roy welcomes everyone at the door as you arrive with smile.

The doorman is always so polite, thank you!

First of all, the location is excellent, but the chec-in process was incredibly slow, and after a long day of travel, the last thing you want to do is queue for ages to check into your room. This part is very inefficient The breakfast is good. The dinner in the restaurant on the ground floor, however, is awful. Very bland, overcooked pasta. I also found the clerks at the front desk to be uninterested in doing anything else besides the bare minimum for you. The location is certainly four or five stars, but the service and the food, as well as the restaurant are all very, very basic and rudimentary. I really got the impression they are about maximizing profit and minimizing service. Typical of an American chain. I thought about what review to give, and despite some positives, I’m giving them one star because versus what I paid, it fell well short expectations.

For starters, the staff deserve a mention and they should get 10 stars. They have been absolutely fantastic.

The restaurant staff members, were so attentive and they looked after us so well.

We brought our boy along and they bent over backwards for us. Bringing porridge for his breakfast, even though it wasn't on the menu.

Cleaning up our kids cutlery and plates that we brought with us...that's was unbelievable. They talked with him and us and we never felt more taken care of.

The venue was was amazing, a bit dated on the outside, but the inside was great. The foyer, lifts, rooms and the Executive Lounge was lovely.

The Executive Lounge had a great big window looking towards Hyde Park. It was extremely spacious and very up to date. Loved the decor and coffee making facilities.
The staff here were also fantastic.

商務很方便，酒店餐廳也好吃！

i was at the hotel today and i was served by an incredible receptionist called Elijah , he was very friendly and professional. i came in to have dinner at the restaurant upstairs, i was distressed following an earlier experience i had at work but this gentleman took care of me. He went out of his way to ensure that i was properly attended to. I have already scheduled to stay in the hotel for my anniversary. thank you guys. this experience alone sold me on the hotel

Ha sido una estancia de lujo.|Alexandra un trato exquisito en la sala ejecutiva.|El hotel maravilloso, la limpieza impecable.|El desayuno estupendo.|No hemos podido estar mejor.

El hotel magnífico|El personal muy eficiente y agradable |La limpieza de habitaciones extraordinaria |Mencionar a Magdalena de recepción, al personal  que atiende en los desayunos , y especialmente en la sala ejecutiva mencionar an Alexandra  y Melissa que están pendiente de tus necesidades con una amabilidad extraordinaria.|Una estancia muy agradable

Hemos pasado unos días maravillosos con una estancia de lujo inmejorable , un desayuno variado y de mucha calidad .|Quiero destacar la amabilidad de Alexandra en la sala ejecutiva

Great hotle fab location close to Green Park station

I would like to express my gratitude for your hospitality. Especially for fantastic assistance and warm welcome I have received from Safija who has been extraordinarily helpful during my whole stay. With her willingness and readiness to help  she has made my stay truly delightful. I appreciate her engagement and enthusiasm to comfort me in the challenging moment. She did support me with everything I needed and was opened to all my (maybe strange) requests and definitely did an extra mile just to make sure I’m happy with everything. It was remarkable stay! Thank you Safija, Katerina, Magdalena, Max and all from the Hilton Park Lane team. Hope to see you again.

Have stayed here a million times and haven’t been back since July 2025, and since then it’s been a huge improvement. Upgraded rooms, service and offerings. They have definitely made a huge effort to make it a 5-star stay.

Location is quiet but convenient. Not quite in the heart of the tourist areas and busy streets, but still not a far walk or taxi cab away from that. It takes about 20 min to walk to SoHo.

Also a great stay if you’re looking for more of a business hotel. It can be a place to meet but also has rooms that actually has a WORKING AREA! So many hotels in central London do not have a working table and seating since many sway to more leisure/tourist stays.

Luxury hotel in Park Lane, just off Hyde Park. 2 stars for location as it's in the £18.00 congestion charge zone.

Our arrival and check in was better than most 5 star hotels. Thank you for such a great start! Upgraded our room and went to the impressive executive lounge. The lounge had a nice view of the park, huge seating area and good food/drink choices. I would book here anytime we’re back in London.

Staff is amazing!

location is great 15/20 minutes walk to Oxford. Amazing staff. Access to undergrpund and great viewa  from the rooms

Amazing views from the bedroom! Disney Princess Tea Experience and great staff!

Quel service ! De quoi me réconcilier avec la marque Hilton. Du Check in au Check out ai rarement eu une telle expérience d’amabilité et de serviabilité. En outre chambre de bonne taille, ultra propre, deco sobre et agréable à l’œil . Très bonne literie. Franchement très très bien

Fantastic service from Volodymyr

I wanted to take a moment to sincerely thank Aminah, Sawwa and Ali for the outstanding support and kindness they showed during my stay. Your willingness to go out of your way to assist me truly made a difference and did not go unnoticed.

From the warm welcome to the extra effort you put into helping with my requests, everything was handled with professionalism, patience, and genuine care. It’s rare to experience service that feels so personal and thoughtful, and I am truly grateful.

Please extend my appreciation to everyone involved. You made my stay not just comfortable, but memorable.

Thank you once again for your exceptional hospitality.

Rooms were excellent and I could also see London eye from my window

beautiful hotel in front of hyde park, the area is great! the room is beautiful all modern clean and nice, overall a great sta used also the restaurant in the hotel that was great as well inwill come back soon

A very overdue review — but some stays are memorable enough that you still think about them years later.

Charlie and I stayed at the London Hilton on Park Lane in December 2022, and it was genuinely such a special experience. London in December is magical anyway, but being based in Mayfair, right by Hyde Park, just elevated the whole trip.

The hotel itself has that classic, iconic feel the moment you walk in. It’s elegant without being stuffy, luxurious without feeling intimidating. Our room was beautiful — spotless, spacious and incredibly comfortable — and the views across London were something else. Waking up to that skyline in winter felt properly cinematic.

What stood out most though was the service. The team were warm, professional and attentive throughout. Nothing felt forced or transactional — just thoughtful hospitality done really well. You can always tell when staff take pride in where they work, and that absolutely came through.

It’s the kind of place that makes you feel looked after from start to finish. Even now, thinking back to that December stay, it still feels special.

A huge thank you to everyone at the London Hilton on Park Lane for making it such a memorable visit. It’s one we won’t forget.

Brandon was great! Helped me with a beer and the WiFi!

Brandon C was a fabulous host at our table as were the rest of the team

Really pleasant evening with our very attentive waitress Letitia.

Brandon was great

We loved the options at the breakfast buffet. Will definitely enjoy another stay here.

The hotel is good, what you can expect from a Hilton. The rooms are clean and good size for a hotel in the UK. The staff are generally friendly and professional.  They got a enclosed roof-top bar to grab a drink, the drinks are very overpriced, but they are equivalent to a similar bar in London

A great hotel with lovely location by Hyde Park. Excellent service all around but especially from Abi on reception.

Magayam from the cloakroom service was very kind and professional

Easily one of my favourite Hilton hotels. The whole experience felt smooth from the moment I arrived. A special thank you to Titus and Abi at reception who were warm, professional, and made check-in effortless.

The executive lounge team Stan, Melissa and Safna were equally impressive. They genuinely care about their guests and go the extra mile to make you feel looked after. The hospitality was consistent throughout and it really shows.

Huge credit to the entire team I hope the management recognises what an asset you all are. Already looking forward to my next visit! 🌟

Flott hotell|Super service i loungen vår. Stan the man var helt fantastisk|Ga tips om restauranter. Var alltid nærværende positivt !

Mariyam was outmost helpful at cloakroom, helpful and friendly . Very grand and posh hotel- treat yourself for a stay here.

Thank you Brandon for your help! Fantastic customer service. Mariyam was also an angel on the cloakroom, some of the best service I’ve ever recieved. The food was also 10/10, shoutout to the chef!

فندق جميل موقعه مميز بالقرب من كل شي .. نظيف ..خدمه وتعامل ولا اروع سعيد بالاقامه الرابعه بهالفندق كل الشكر للاستاذ بلال واستاذ tutis للاستاذ روي

Excellent service from Brandon C at the Maple Court Ball. 10/10

Brandon C gave us amazing service really went out of his way to make us feel welcome

فندقي المفضل احبه مريح وعائلي وشرح والغرف وسيعه والخدمه ممتازه اي شي احتاجه او اطلبه ينفذونه باسرع وقت هذه المره الرابعه اقيم فيه
وطبعا شكر خاص للاستاذ tutis واستاذ بلال واستاذ روي تعاملهم رائع جدا ورحب (فندقي الدائم في لندن)🤍

A completely recommendable experience at this hotel, with a very good location and a luxurious atmosphere. The room was spacious and perfectly equipped. Zubair and Sasha at the reception gave us a warm welcome and provided us with a room with great city views. Samreen and the rest of the restaurant staff were very pleasant and attentive during breakfast, although at times they were a bit too insistent.

Absolutely lovely. Safna in executive lounge was very kind and helpful.
Fardowsa was amazing at breakfast.

Safiya in the executive lounge was extremely friendly. She even made me a key for my room and offered a bag breakfast in the morning.

Just want to say a huge thank you to Brandon C, Letitia, Juan Pablo & Kwasi A!! We attended the Top Employer Awards last night & the service from them all was truly amazing!! So professional & friendly!! They made the night!! 💕. All a credit to the company!!!

Great hotel.comfortable rooms.great views over the  park

서비스가 너무 느립니다. Tv가 작동이 안 돼서 고쳐달라고 3번은 말해야 방으로 와서 살펴보더라구요. 전기포트도 고장났는데 새 걸로 가져다 주는데 40분이 걸렸습니다 너무 답답함 컨시어지 전화도 응대도 너무 느림 걍 최악

I haven’t stayed in the rooms, but the restaurant alone deserves recognition. The buffet lunch is outstanding — genuinely get what you want, beautifully presented, and consistently high quality. It feels generous without being chaotic, which is rare.
What really elevates the experience, though, is the crowd. The guests are exceptional — refined, international, and calm — which creates a very particular atmosphere you don’t often find in London hotels anymore.
For dining, this place is absolutely worth it.

Amazing

バス停が近くにあるので利用しやすい。

Checking in by a lady called ISHITA was excellent

Over-priced and full of pretentious people! Location is good in that taxis are always waiting outside! Did not find the staff friendly at all. I had to wait well over an hour for someone to come fix the non-operating TV. The executive lounge was nothing special as was anticipated for this price range. Prefer several other London hotels in Hilton's extensive class/price range.

تعاملهم مع عشق سيء واللي اسمه رياض يركب شنطه

My family and I used to spend our holidays here every year, but due to the poor service from Riyadh, we are announcing that we will no longer be staying at this hotel and I warn everyone against it.

One of the worst Hotel I’ve been to the SERVICES very bad and the stuff is very rude his name is reiad or something I’m a platinum Customer I didn’t respect me or respect my friends. عشق و سالم الهاحري
I really don’t like this Hotel. I don’t recommend anyone to come to this hotel again.
There is a worker named Riyadh the Hotel manager have to deal with him because he’s making all the customers hate this place

سي

Good location in london.  Easy walk to Hyde Park and easy walk to shopping.  Many good food and restaurants around here.  Hotel staff very friendly.  Will come back again

للأسف هذه ليست أول مرة أسكن في Hilton London Park Lane، وقلت هذه المرة أعطيه فرصة ثانية، لكن ندمت جداً.

موظفو اللوبي غير متعاونين أبداً، أسلوبهم سيئ ونفسياتهم دائماً سيئة. حتى المدراء لا يقدّمون أي مساعدة، وكل شخص يتهرّب من المسؤولية ويحوّلك على شخص آخر بدون أي حل فعلي.

النظافة سيئة، الغرف لا تُنظَّف إلا بعد الطلب مرات كثيرة، وحتى الأشياء الأساسية مثل الماء لا يتم توفيرها إلا بعد إلحاح.

بسبب عدم الراحة نهائياً، اضطررت في النهاية إلى تغيير حجزي وحجز فندق آخر.
وفوق هذا كله، قام الفندق بتغيير سياسات الإلغاء وأخذوا مبالغ إضافية بدون أي مرونة أو تقدير للضيف.

حتى الأكل تغيّر للأسوأ. في السابق كان الطعام لذيذاً، أما الآن فعندما أعود من الخارج وأنا جائعة وأطلب روم سيرفيس، يكون الأكل سيئ جداً، بدون طعم، وحتى الملح غير موجود—فعلياً أكل ماصخ ولا يُؤكل.

تجربة مخيبة للآمال من جميع النواحي، ولا تليق باسم هيلتون أو بسعر الإقامة.
لا أنصح به إطلاقاً.

This was not my first stay at Hilton London Park Lane, and I decided to give the hotel a second chance, which I truly regret.

The lobby staff are extremely unhelpful, with poor attitudes and no willingness to assist. Even the managers offer no real support—everyone avoids responsibility and keeps sending you to someone else without any solution.

Housekeeping is very poor. Rooms are not cleaned unless you ask repeatedly, and even basic amenities like water are not provided unless you keep requesting them.

Due to the complete lack of comfort, I eventually had to change my booking and move to another hotel.
On top of that, the hotel changed the cancellation policy and charged additional fees, showing no flexibility or consideration.

Even the food quality has declined significantly. It used to be good in the past, but now when I return hungry and order room service, the food is very bad, tasteless, and not even properly seasoned—literally bland and unpleasant.

A very disappointing experience overall.
Does not reflect the Hilton name and is absolutely not worth the price.

My stay from 31 December to 3 January was unfortunately not a very pleasant one. I had hoped to enjoy a nice New Year’s break at the hotel.The property has a long history and, although it has been renovated, there were several comfort issues. The central air conditioning was extremely noisy, and the windows did not insulate well against the cold or wind. The room felt slightly warmer only when the curtains were fully closed. A portable heater was provided, but the room was still cold unless the noisy air conditioning was left on.There also appeared to be an air deodorising device in the room, which produced a high-pitched mechanical sound and emitted a strong disinfectant-like smell that was quite unpleasant. In addition, possibly due to ageing plumbing, there was occasionally an unpleasant odour from the bathroom if the toilet lid was left open.The room was on a low floor. Although described as facing Hyde Park, the actual view was mainly rooftops of nearby buildings. The room was positioned in a narrow gap in this buildings, meaning there was very little privacy — with the curtains open and lights on, it was easy to see into neighbouring rooms and vice versa.Unfortunately, I also left behind a new limited-edition white Hello Kitty hair band which recently purchased during another trip at check-out. I contacted the hotel within a few hours, but it could not be located despite several follow-ups. As it was white and left on the bed, it may have been overlooked during housekeeping.None of these issues were the fault of the hotel staff. The hotel was extremely busy over the New Year period, and there were no alternative rooms available.Hilton, of course, cannot be compared with five-star or ultra-luxury brands, and perhaps my expectations were too high to begin with. That said, you do get what you pay for. The pricing is relatively reasonable for the area, and the location is excellent. From a value-for-money perspective, it is still a workable option if budget and location are the main priorities.

Excellent welcome from Zubair, incredibly helpful and a real credit to your team. Was so welcoming and provided all the information needed very efficiently and made me feel very special! Thankyou Zubair.

Serry from breakfast was absolutely brilliant, she made my whole experience. She is very attentive and so welcoming . Best service I have had ever !!

Quite

Had an absolutely magical Christmas here, I let the team know prior to arriving that I was planning on proposing while we were there and we arrive to the room beautifully decorated. Hilton Park Lane is always my number one choice for staying in London, great service from a fantastic team. By far the best executive lounge in any Hilton in the UK if not in Europe thank you to Sofia in the executive lounge for helping to my this an unforgettable stay. The housekeeping team were brilliant and so happy and cheerful always saying hello and asking if we needed anything when we passed in the corridors not to mention a spotless room.

Our one-night stay at the Hilton Park Lane was exceptional. The staff and service were outstanding from the moment we arrived. The Executive Suite was beautifully detailed, and we were so touched by the personal touch of "Välkommen" written in flowers on the bed, a lovely nod to our Swedish heritage.

The view over Hyde Park was simply stunning, with the lights of the Winter Wonderland amusement park creating a magical backdrop. It made the stay unforgettable. A truly memorable experience from start to finish.

Thanks to its outstanding team, our vacation week spent at this hotel has been exceptional - one of our best ever.
The authentic warmth and dedication by every employee we had contact with has amazed us.

We thank Abi at front desk, who went way beyond our expectations to match our particular room needs. Later during our stay, as we waited in line for further help from the busy front desk, he recognized us and had a colleague next to him immediately provide us with what he knew we needed. Again, we were awed. His dedication to service is exceptional.

We also wish to send a special thank you to Serry at the breakfast restaurant. She welcomed us every morning as if we were family. What a touching and memorable experience! Her service was perfect of course, but her smile and energy are what touched our hearts.

We have been back home a week, and still relish the warmth displayed by Abi, Serry and the whole team!

In addition to our satisfaction with the team, the hotel location is perfect, the view breathtaking, the elevators are the most efficient ever encountered, and the room service surprised us by contacting us to check what they could do for us. WOW!

Outstanding hotel!

We stayed at Hilton London Park Lane in the Executive Suite and were extremely happy from the moment we arrived. The staff were outstanding — friendly, professional, and genuinely attentive, making us feel welcome at all times.

The suite was beautiful with a great view, and the overall service and experience were excellent. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would love to stay again!

Amazing hotel in a great location, Ayam in reception was lovely, very welcoming and hospitable

I had the most wonderful stay here over the weekend. the staff are all so amazing and helpful with everything. I wanted to give a special thanks to Maxime who’s been so accommodating and helpful with everything. If you guys get the chance to visit the executive lounge, dont hesitate! it’s outstanding! Thank you Hilton!❤️

Had a wonderful stay but wanted to mention Rebekah who servied us at the check in desk on the 24th of December. She was extremely polite and really helpful which made a great start to our stay.

Great parking thanks from the eastlondonantiques team

الغرف رائعة وسيعة مكان متميز قريب من العايد بارك حبيته لكن التفاهم مع الاستقبال كان جداً صعب يماطل فيك لين يعطيك الغرف فيه شباب عرب مغربي ولبناني او سوري خلونا ننتظر في الاستقبال الى العصر مع ان الغرف جاهزه بس ما اعرف الاسباب الله يهديهم

Had a wonderful stay, this is one of my favourite Hilton property! The team at reception Titus, Abi are truly amazing and the executive lounge have Stan, Melissa, Safna very committed to their guests service and true hospitality always going above and beyond to satisfy their guests needs! Well done all, I hope you get acknowledged 👏 Can’t wait for my next stay!! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟

So good to be in London again. Obviously a top location hotel...

I had a wonderful stay at Hilton Park Lane. The location is absolutely perfect, right on Park Lane with stunning views and easy access to major attractions. The hotel is elegant, well maintained, and has a very welcoming atmosphere.

The staff were exceptional—professional, friendly, and always willing to help. From check-in to check-out, everything was handled smoothly, making the stay stress-free and comfortable.

The room was spacious, spotless, and very comfortable, with excellent amenities. The food and breakfast were also great, with good quality and variety.

Overall, Hilton Park Lane delivers true Hilton-standard hospitality. I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.

From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty. The hotel staff was incredibly attentive and made sure all our needs were met. The atmosphere was luxurious, and every corner of the hotel had a touch of elegance.

I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience at Hilton London Park Lane. I reported the hot water issue in my room multiple times over several days and even escalated it by email, yet nothing has been resolved.

What’s even more frustrating is the lack of engagement—no follow-up, no phone call, and no proper response from the hotel team. For a property carrying the Hilton name, this level of service is unacceptable.

I am a frequent Hilton guest, and this is the first time I’ve encountered such poor service and disregard for a basic facility like hot water. I truly expected better from Hilton, and this experience has been extremely disappointing.

Good service. Thanks to Brandon C.

Went for an afternoon tea dated 19/12/25 and our waitress was RUTH.

Such a nice young lady and full of energy. Great with the kids and very welcoming. Great  to the team!

Review – Hilton Park Lane, London

This was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve had, and it is absolutely not worthy of the Hilton name.

We were initially given a tiny, uncomfortable room. After complaining, we were convinced to pay extra for an “upgrade.” We were clearly told the room would be ready in 30 minutes and that it would be the same size as the one we were shown.

What actually happened was unacceptable:
•	We were forced to wait from 3:00 PM until 5:40 PM with no explanation.
•	The room we received was even smaller than the original.
•	It was nothing like what was promised or shown.
•	When we questioned this, the staff simply said there was no solution, no apology, and no accountability.
•	Despite this, we were still charged for the so-called upgrade, which was a complete waste of money.

The front desk staff were extremely unprofessional, dismissive, and careless. There was zero concern for guest satisfaction and no effort to resolve the issue. The overall attitude was shocking for a hotel of this supposed standard.

This experience felt misleading, disrespectful, and poorly handled from start to finish. I will never stay here again and strongly advise others to avoid this hotel.

Amazing service from Brandon C - thank you

Unfortunately, my experience was far below expectations and not what I usually associate with Hilton.
The only positive point was the reception staff member Abi, who was extremely kind, welcoming, and professional.
On one occasion when I was unwell, I contacted the restaurant i was told they were very busy and that they would call me back the time was not late, yet no one ever called back. I tried reaching them more than once with no response and I ended up sleeping hungry that night.
The concierge service was also disappointing the attitude was very unpleasant.
Overall, this stay was very disappointing and not reflective of the Hilton standard we have known and trusted for years.

الفندق جميل وانيق ونظيف، ومكانة امن..
وجمب اماكن كثيرة حلوة..
وسائل الراحة والاستخدام اليومي موجودة في الغرفة..
الموظفيين ودودين جداً..
شكراً Barbara

Extremely Poor customer service and interaction with Jamal from the reception. Disappointed

Very disappointing experience. I came to drop off some supplement juice for Kuwait Airlines captain who regularly stays at the hotel. The receptionist, Jamal Ali, was extremely rude and made me wait around 25 minutes, repeatedly refusing to help.

When I finally spoke to the manager, the issue was resolved immediately, showing the delay was completely unnecessary. Because of this, I ended up with a parking ticket costing £80.

I’ve since emailed a complaint and received no reply. Poor customer service for a hotel of this standard.

My third time at the variety charity event however first time having Brandon as a server , if he doesn’t have a pay rise or promotion after this I will sue. He was not only personable but quick to assist and help with big clients and was very respectful, helpful and kind. Couldn’t recommend enougb

Brandon and the team looked after us at the Varietygolf Christmas lunch. What a wonderful afternoon, great service and food. They took pleasure in dealing with my food allergies.

Sehr empfehlenswert! Top Personal!

Had a great night at the ball room. Brandon was absolutely great!

Brandon… wow… some of the best service I’ve had
If service could win an award, he’d win a scrip award. Seriously.

Brandon was excellent! Amazing service

Brandon was amazing. Service was fab.

Brandon was excellent,  amazing service . Very attentive .

Delightful staff

Great Hotel, Staff Service & food.

I booked a King Executive room and unfortunately had a very disappointing experience during my stay.

The cleaning service was consistently below standard. On some days, housekeeping left used cups of tea or small towels around the room. They would only make the bed and clean the bathroom, leaving other used items untouched.

A few days later, I pulled back the bed sheet and discovered a bloodstain on the blanket filling. The next morning, I found blood again on a face towel, which was extremely concerning and completely unacceptable for a hotel of this level. When I raised this with the Duty Manager, his response when I mentioned that I had wiped my hand with the towel was simply, “It won’t transmit,” which I found dismissive and unprofessional.

To make matters worse, my sunglasses went missing from the room, and I later found the empty case thrown inside my luggage.

When I raised all these issues, the hotel upgraded me to a Mayfair Suite to make up for the situation, but it turned out to be the worst possible upgrade. The room was directly affected by loud elevator noise coming from the ceilings throughout the night and early morning. Despite their own app showing multiple available rooms, they insisted the hotel was at “full occupancy” and could not move me. They also offered a Queen room for the night, which is below the category I originally paid for.

Overall, this stay fell far below expectations, especially for a five-star hotel. Never staying there again.

Came back with food in a to go plate I wanted to warm in and the only microwave is BY THE ICE MACHINE cant fit it went to the front desk directed me to the Dahlia restaurant which was empty and told me they cannot provide a simple plate laughed at me and said my to go box isn’t enough I CANT FIT THE THING IN THERE I PAY SO MUCH MONEY FOR GARBAGE SERVICE

Tremenda Atención

I hosted a program here in February. We had no hot water for two consecutive nights. The manager talked to me at breakfast the second morning and said they would offer compensation for the inconvenience. Now three months later we have still received no response from the hotel. They have refused to follow through on their original promise. We had used this property for over a decade. We will not be returning.

The young lady at the front desk was amazing. Seems to be executive trajectory material even though she is young.
The room was fine but I saw some minor issues. The mat in front of the sink had strings unraveling everywhere around its edge, which surprised me because the bathroom itself looked fairly new.  I don't think the room actually got below 68° even though the air conditioning was cycling on and off and claiming cooler.
They said it was an executive level room on the 9th floor but it felt like a normal hotel room.
Executive level meant we had access to the breakfast buffet on the 10th floor. That was absolutely nothing special. Standard bagels and toast, shiddy powdered eggs which have never been acceptable anywhere they've ever been served, microwaved sausage patties with painted browning to make it look like they were actually cooked, and cold cereal.  You and I both know the executives of this brand wouldn't eat this garbage, but that's what they will feed a loyal customer. The fruit was good.  No boiled eggs were available for actual protein and brain food.  The lady attending the breakfast in the lounge was extremely nice and very meticulous in keeping things clean and tables pre-bussed. All of the staff was friendly and conscientious.

It's a beautiful hotel, well maintained and clean.  The man who checked us in was amazingly friendly and kind.  The room. The bed. The facilities. I could go on and on about how wonderful this place is. It was so nice that I'm trying to come up with a reason to stay again.

Every time we entered the hotel we were greeted and it smell amazing in the lobby. Our room was clean and spacious. It smelled clean and fresh. It could use just a facelift. But otherwise it was great. Close to downtown and Truist Park, 10/10 recommend.

Great staff

Unplanned stay for one night needed after a day cheering on our fave players at PPA tourney. ||After soaking in sun for five hours and craving a real meal…the Dahlia Bartender, Precious, greeted us warmly as she quickly placed our orders and kindly met a special request.

No compassion does a reach out to you in a timely manner

Great hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I was here for a conference at the hotel. The food for our conference buffet was excellent.  The rooms are quiet and well maintained.

The Hilton website for this hotel  states in the description of rooms on the Executive Floor that they will be drinks and snacks in the evening.   This not true.  I believe they are open for breakfast.  But, I checked in with just the digital key and you had to have an actual card key to access the lounge.  Busy morning at the front desk so no access to the lounge for breakfast.   ||To be honest, I was not expecting much.  A cup of coffee and  toast that I could take to my room instead the coffee in the machine would make me happy.   ||In the eveningI just wanted a coke not cocktails.  I made the decision not to grab a coke  while I was out because I thought I could get one in the lounge.  ||A couple of suggestions:|Correct your website stating it's only breakfast. |Post the hours on the door to the Executive Lounge and make it keypad accessible.   At the least, update the website that you need an actual key.  If your not going to honor the website details at least offer a free coke at the front desk.   ||Beyond that, you can tell it used to be a full service hotel.  It used to be top tier.   It has not maintained that status.

Very beautiful!

Ever go to a bar for a nigthcap after a long trip and run into that group of guys have a contest of whos the loudest after 3 drinks? Add the male Karen, a David maybe? Not writing this to debate that, hes David for this story but we know its a Karen. Either way, my hat off to the bar tender Charlie and the bar server Deyvl. The amount of crap this group threw at them in the 20 minutes I stomached was INSANE. First it was the serve, complaining they'd been waiting, complaining their was only one bar tender (Charlie), complaining it was getting dark like the dude could control the sun and was somehow inconvenienced by Deyvl because other people existed that need help and it was Ds fault. See. Karen. Then they come inside. Dear God why did they need to come inside and sit behind me, id rather have been struck down by the lord himself.|So they came inside, still having a competition to see who can talk over thr other the loudest, and David (Karen) starts a new complaint... workflow? Ill call it a workflow because he'd been bragging to his group about how outstanding we was at work for a bit. This new workflow was about his current drink. "SMELL IT SMELL IT" He started to exclaim, like a traveling street vendor. Apparently, his drink had been made with the wrong rum.|My god- what a disaster. Call the president. |Turns out he didnt think it was Captain Morgan spiced rum. New flash my guy, thats not a great rum, and you just have bad taste.|What was perfect though, Charlie was standing their, had just made the drink, and was still holding the freak Captain Morgan Spiced Rum bottle.|David (Karen) looking a fool to everyone within 28 miles that could hear his big mouth, double down and SHOVED THE GLASS in Deyvls face, demand he smells it and explains himself!|Deyvl politely, stepped away, and said "ill check the ticket" while David (Karen) made a scene like a 6 year old, saying he could still taste it, wiping his tounge like a child. ||All that said. You rock Charlie and Deyvl, dont let the haters get you down. You were right, they were ridiculous, my hat off to you. It means a lot being able to keep your cool, wishing the best for you

Norcross is a very complete location with several companies and several commercial areas around.
At beginning, I would rate this with 1 star, they just forgot to book our reservation, but their staff, services and comfort were so great that they really deserve 5 star. I have a special thanks to Helena, Todd and Anthony. You guys are amazing. Thank you.

Love this hotel. Amazing service, restraunt is yummy, and the ballroom is beautiful. Rooms are also nice and clean.

Nice room good service. Also value for money.

Awesome

Went to Chamber of Commerce event here. Beautiful.

My home away from home, I love the new renovations....this place is cozy,clean and very comfortable, a great place for a get away staycation!!

The hotel was great! Clean, well located and everyone I interacted with was pleasant and helpful! Especially Slavco, the shuttle driver. He went above and beyond to help me and made a stressful day much easier! I'll be back!

The staff were very friendly, and the room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast had a limited variety, but it was decent. The only downside was that the indoor pool was cold, so the kids couldn’t play in it for long.

Really enjoyed me stay. All the staff was very professional and friendly.

Monique and Charlie is the best here. They treat you like a guest should be treated! All food is excellent. You can’t go wrong here!!!!

Nice full service hotel. Staff was outstanding . Restaurant  was very good with a nice menu.

Do not hesitate to stay here.  The staff lead by Kevin Priger and his staff are outstanding in every way.  Shanta Hayes-Johnson took great care of us and our team absolutely loved staying here.|We stayed here as we came to played in the ACC Women's Basketball tournament. Our Band was not able to make it in time for the Band Send Off pre-game so the entire staff staged outside by our team bus and clapped for our team as we loaded.  Talk about going above and beyond!

Avoid ! They don’t reimburse your deposit if you are from abroad and I had to escalate with my bank and credit card. Policy of reimbursement is 3/5 days and i had to escalate after more than 2 afters..

My experience with Tatiana McAllister was truly a delight. She is amazing—professional, attentive, and incredibly kind. Very welcoming and made me feel like very special!
She is truly a valuable asset to the team!

Only went there for a training session.  I didn't stay overnight.

Elena, at the front desk, was so helpful. She was very quick to find answers to my questions about my reservation. Liam was also very helpful, and understanding to my needs. These two made want to come back and stay here. 10/10 recommend!

We came to enjoy Lunch and where unaware the the Restaurant Dahlias closed between lunch and dinner service (3-4pm) but Chef Michael was so accommodating he bumped up his service and we where able to enjoy a lovely late lunch on a Saturday. Would return for lunch or dinner at the correct time, great staff and a great place to enjoy as a local or traveler.

I had a very pleasant stay at this Hilton. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and well located, and the overall service was excellent. The staff was friendly and professional throughout my visit. I would especially like to mention Elena at the front desk, who was very welcoming and helpful during check-in. She made the process smooth and ensured everything was taken care of. Small details like that really make a difference. I would definitely stay here again.

The room was great. Comfortable and clean. Hospitality was off the charts!  Well done.

we had a great experience specially the helpful and friendly staff that went out of their way to make us comfortable , the price also is very reasonable for the level and quality of the hotel.

This is a very clean and hospital hotel! Extremely convenient location, as many food, shopping, and smoothie/coffee options are 1 street over. They have a restaurant in house and spacious boardrooms available as well. Rooms are a little outdated, HOWEVER are very clean and comfortable.

I enjoy the service and stay at the Hilton. The room is always clean and feels refreshing. The staff has been helpful and friendly
They make sure that I have everything I need and are right there if the need arises. Best experiences so far.

I wanted to take a moment to express my sincere appreciation for the consistently outstanding experience I enjoy at your hotel and restaurant. From the instant I step through the door, I am met with warmth and genuine hospitality that truly make me feel at home.

I would like to particularly commend your exceptional staff members Kendal, Ethan, Liam, Elena, and Tatina. Their friendly smiles and the thoughtful way they remember my name every visit create a welcoming atmosphere that keeps me coming back time and again. It’s clear that their dedication contributes greatly to the inviting environment you have cultivated.

In addition, I want to highlight the incredible service provided by Monique, Charlie, and Precious. These team members consistently greet me with sincere smiles, outstanding hospitality, and attentive care. Their professionalism and friendliness not only enhance my dining experiences but also make each visit truly memorable.

Beyond the exceptional service, I must praise the consistently high quality of the food at your restaurant, as well as the impeccable cleanliness of the rooms. Every meal I have had has been flavorful and expertly prepared, reflecting the care and skill of your kitchen staff. Similarly, my stays have been thoroughly satisfying thanks to the attention to detail in maintaining a comfortable and pristine environment. The combination of excellent cuisine and a relaxing atmosphere makes your restaurant the perfect place to enjoy a delicious meal and unwind.

Thank you for maintaining such high standards and for fostering a warm, welcoming atmosphere through your incredible team. I genuinely look forward to many more visits and delicious meals at your establishment in the future.

Precious was amazing!!! She took good care of my Intuitive family and I.

This hotel was extremely disappointing. There was no hot water the night I stayed. When I went to the front desk to address the issue, the receptionist was rude, argumentative, and made me feel uncomfortable about even remaining on the property.

Despite the lack of hot water being the reason I chose to check out, I was told they still intended to charge me for the night. I was only in the room for about two hours total and that includes dropping off my bags, leaving, and later returning. I did not attempt to use the water until I came back that evening.

When I called on Friday, the audit staff member informed me the hotel had been experiencing water issues all weekend and that guests were receiving refunds. However, when I followed up today, the assistant manager claimed the water issues occurred the weekend prior. If the hotel had recently experienced water problems, why argue with a guest about something you know has been an ongoing issue?

The assistant manager then stated, “You can contact Corporate, but it’s only going to come back to us,” which came across as dismissive and unconcerned.

It’s very disappointing to refuse a refund for a room that was not fully usable due to lack of hot water. I would not recommend staying here.

To specify I was NEVER offered another room! When I told the receptionist from the front desk what happened, she produced to nasty, condescending , and ultimately make me as the guest uncomfortable. But, the hotel replies says a lot about the hotel! If a guest doesn’t have hot water and she makes the front desk aware of this, instead of addressing the receptionist becomes rude and dismissive so not only do we have a water issue, there also a professional issue at hand. For the hotel to say, “we have a 15 minute policy because we can’t resell the room.” But, your property did not have hot water which an EMPLOYEE confirmed was an issue the weekend I was there! It’s gives if our property is not up to standard, that’s fine as long as we receive payment.

Monique & Charlie in the restaurant is a force to be reckoned with.  Exceptional Service!!!

Beautiful hotel and very clean. I didn’t get a chance to visit the restaurant but I did order room service for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The food was excellent. Delicious! Room service was quick and the staff were pleasant. Room was a bit dated but overall, I had a great stay.

Elena and Kendal truly set the tone for an exceptional stay at the Hilton in Peachtree Corners, GA. From the moment I arrived, they were incredibly welcoming, professional, and genuinely kind. Their positive attitudes and attentiveness immediately made me feel valued as a guest.

They took the time to thoroughly explain all of the hotel amenities and upcoming events, which I really appreciated. It was clear they take pride in their work and want every guest to have the best possible experience. Their willingness to go above and beyond did not go unnoticed.

The overall atmosphere of the hotel was warm and inviting, and the level of service I received reflected excellent leadership and a strong team culture. Elena and Kendal are true assets to this location, and their dedication to customer service absolutely deserves recognition.

I highly recommend staying here and look forward to returning in the future!

For the money, you definitely could get a better hotel. The breakfast that I paid extra for was not the full menu. Just a 3 item buffet That looked like it was something you could get at a motel. I didn’t eat anything, so I asked to get a refund for that part of the expenses, and the lady at the front simply told me no. Didn’t apologize or anything or even say have a good day. She just said no, and then went back to doing what she was doing. Furthermore, there was trash in the elevator, both nights that no one seemed to care to clean up, yet they were quick to tell me I can’t bring my water bottle in the pool area.
Overall bad service and I would not recommend going here.

The staff was amazing!

The Hilton in Peachtree Corners was absolutely exceptional during a winter storm when my staff needed care, comfort, and flexibility the most. What could have been a very stressful situation was made calm and manageable because of the kindness and professionalism of the entire team.

Every interaction was friendly, reassuring, and accommodating, but I especially want to recognize Tatiana, Liam, Lynn, and Dee. Each of them went above and beyond at different moments throughout this ordeal, showing genuine care and a willingness to help in any way possible. Their compassion and attentiveness did not go unnoticed and made a real difference for my team.

This hotel did far more than provide rooms. They provided peace of mind. I am incredibly grateful for the outstanding service and would not hesitate to recommend this Hilton to anyone, especially in times when true hospitality matters most.

Went downstairs to watch the game had a great time. I have stayed here a couple times for work. I usually do not leave reviews but I was highly impressed by the bartender Charlie. hands down one of the best old fashions I have ever had. Very knowledgeable individual. The restaurant was packed and the food took a little long but was hot. He recommended the smash burger which was delicious. They also had the game playing which was a plus. Oddly enough I met the lady who made my burger her name is Monique she did an awesome job and had myself and the other people around the bar laughing. Come to find out she is a manager and had to help cook. I was pretty impressed by everyone working together. They seemed swamped and short staffed. I am all about good food drinks and experiences and your crew hit on all three

Very nice staff. Clean, quiet room even though next to elevators. I'll stay there again.

I enjoyed a great stay.  I stayed at this hotel on business for the weekend. Room was spacious and quiet.

Very nice and clean hotel.

Well, here I am still actually laying in the bed about to check out. I checked in 3am on saturday morning. I called on thursday to let them know that I would be arriving around that time. I get here to check in and find out that my reservation was canceled. It all work itself out tho. First room looked like someone tried to pry the door open at some point which was a red flag, but the associate changed my room with no problem. The rooms are real clean with some renovation but also still  outdated. The bathroom doesnt have a fan, so good luck to the rest of the room. They still have bath tubs and ours had a slow drain, so basically standing in dirty water while showering if you don't hurry. Our last night was the worst. There was a group here and they were in and out of rooms all night, you can hear everything going on in the hallway. My room had access door to anther room and they decided to stick their baby next to the door. The baby cried and yelled until about 3am, along with loud talking, doors being knocked on, and doors being shut all night. Needless to say I did t get any sleep for my 8 hour drive back to VA. Of course some of this is not the hotels fault but it still had a negative experience on my stay.

Me encanto el restaurant y la amabilidad de Ana fue estupenda, el servicio rapido y lo recomiendo

​I recently stayed at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast and had a great experience overall. While I encountered a couple of miscellaneous issues—specifically a wash sink that wasn't draining and some missing light bulbs—the response time was impressive. Alex, the Maintenance Engineer, arrived quickly and resolved everything efficiently.
​The service at the front desk was equally professional; Elena and Kendall were welcoming and ensured the check-in and out process was seamless.
​A few other highlights from my stay:
​Elite Benefits: Although the Executive Lounge was closed, I was provided with a breakfast credit at Dahlia's as a Gold Member. The food there was very good.
​Housekeeping: The housekeeping staff was excellent and very prompt, keeping the room refreshed every single day.
​It’s the staff’s attentiveness that really makes this property stand out. I would definitely recommend staying here!

Great location for events outside of Downtown Atlanta.

Was good experience

Good. Thank you

A really nice, clean and comfortable room for a long weekend in Atlanta

Great hospitality

People are putting bandages on things that can be fixed. The shower…… let the hot water run for 25 to 35 minutes before to get hot water, the work order hasn’t been updated for the refrigerator, the mattress can be upgraded.

We had our holiday dinner 12/12/2025 in the Norcross room. The food was great, the service was even better. Special shout out to our banquet manager Galia D. and her team. They took awesome care of us (45 pl). They were both professional and friendly. I can't forget to mention the fantastic bartender, Yali. She did a great job of making sure everyone had a drink and remembered everyone's order.  Customer Service at the Hilton was A++

First class!!

Positive: Location Negative: ""

Overall a great experience.  Very clean and staff was very nice and accommodating.

This hotel is trying to mask an unwanted smell by using air fresheners that are so powerful they take your breath away. It’s horrendous. You will smell it when you walk into the hotel but the smell is worse in the rooms. I’m a diamond member and travel a lot typically only staying at Hilton properties. I’m thankful not all Hilton properties utilize this method of hiding bad smells. Hotel is dated, and needs to be remodeled

I arrived around 3pm I give my id and Card to the front desk agent and explain and offer my confirmation number, He procede to make me a new reservation and ignore I already have one thru Booking. Im a genius member and have some preference and benefits. I fill ignore. Later in the night I call because was not  showing check in in my booking app.
They told me was nothing there can do...
Very bad service in front desk. In the another hand room was clean and housekeeping employee very kind.

Excellent choice for business trips. It mightn't have the most modern one but works well!

I will definitely go here again

clean but, old...Braskfast was not really good, I feel like  I am in  hampton Inn.

Este hotel esta en otro nivel y la comida del restaurante es super rica y las atenciones del personal es excelente 👌 Gracias Daritza por tus antecedentes 🤗🤗🤗

Great

Came here for a conference with my church and it was a very nice place. Phenomenal staff

Great location, beautiful hotel I was very impressed. Service was unbeatable!!

Very beautiful and comfortable place

Attended a wedding at this location, and the staff were friendly and professional, and the banquet hall was pleasant for any occasion, with a DJ and catering services provided from outside.

Showed up to check in at 5 PM first thing I do is turn on the AC and fall asleep. Wake up at midnight because I was traveling all day to finally take my shower to go back to sleep for work tomorrow. Notice the room is hotter somehow looked at the AC controller and the room was hotter somehow with the AC being on full blast then I went to go take my hot shower and surprise no hot water so I called in those two issues and said I need to move rooms. They said we’ll move your rooms tomorrow. Then they move me to a new room where the heater doesn’t work and it’s only AC so it’s freezing cold not a problem, but I would also like to be able to use the heater IN NOVEMBER WHEN ITS 40 DEGREES OUTSIDE so I called that in and they said they’re sending up an engineer. It was a security guard that did nothing so I called in again and said I need a refund because you guys are using my money without giving me the service I requested and inadequate service does not deserve payment. They said we’re not gonna give you a refund but we will move you a third time I said no so I called corporate because I am on a Honeywell business trip and Hilton Gold member so there is no way I’m having Honeywell pay for inadequate service which will later get me in trouble. Corporate says the manager of the hotel said they fixed all my issues and they gave me a room with a working HVAC, clearly the manager lied so I told corporate to elevate this, corporate made a case against them and is going to request a refund. Hopefully, I get the refund, you have been warned to stay away from this hotel. It sucks and so do the employees UPDATE AFTER HILTON LEFT THE REPLY BELOW: you did not have this attitude when I was trying to solve it while I was there but now you want to look like you are trying to solve in order to save face with potential new customers. Not cool at all.

Needs an update. No microwave in rooms

Very friendly staff, from front check-in to restaurant to morning lounge.
Great location as it's close to shipping center.

This is a "go to"  hotel when in the north Atlanta area. The patio dining area is a great addition, especially after a long day and you don't want to go anywhere but the hotel.

My group and I had a Very nice experience at this location. My check in was met with a friendly smile and quick service. The room was spacious and clean. The restaurant area was inviting and Ana was an absolute joy!  She was personable, engaging, knowledgeable and extremely accommodating. Her warmth and hospitality was a plus to the stay!

Positive: Front Desk. The 2 Ladies that helped me did Everything Wonderful Negative: Too many staff in service language problems

The staff here is always very polite and helpful. The rooms are good for hotel rooms but nothing spectacular. The restaurant is expensive and very slow.

Hotel Rand room was clean and smelled great. Staff were nice too.

Only negative is the beds are super soft and caused wife and I to wake up with back pain. We asked the staff for extra pillows so we can position ourselves better and they provided us those which helped. Other than the beds not being firm, no complaints! Still deserve 5 review regardless.

The cleaning lady was eager to wake me up. Didn’t sleep well, so I was displeased with an 8 am wake up call.

Slightly dated but clean, comfortable rooms in a good location near shopping and restaurants. Staff was very nice. Would definitely stay here again.

Always very pleased with the amenities and services provided

Clean and easy hotel to get to. Lots of parking, fantastic outdoor restaurant area. The pool was a huge plus. Very close to many restaurants, highway and business centers.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Location, finding the room i wanted, breakfast, some friendly staff Negative: The shower has a horrible design, room is old and smaller than expected. Tips need tobe given to cleaning staff. It looks like the hotel is using tips to pay the salary or they are stealing jt. Very very bad.

Positive: It is close to everything you might need. Negative: The rooms are a bit outdated, the bathroom didn’t have a fan so it was like a sauna after taking a shower.

The rooms were clean and as you would expect at a Hilton! I was traveling for work. The food we had there at their banquet rooms were phenomenal. The stay was very pleasant!

We are Hilton Honors members and had a very disappointing stay. In the evening, we requested an extra blanket twice and were told it would be delivered, but after more than 30 minutes nothing came. We had to go down to the front desk twice and only finally received it past midnight.

Even worse, on Labor Day (Sept 1), housekeeping started banging on every door on the 7th floor at around 8 a.m., including ours. The noise was so loud that it was impossible to rest . No hotel should ever begin cleaning this early in the morning.

This experience shows a serious lack of professionalism and the most basic courtesy toward guests. Very unacceptable for Hilton.

This place is awesome. The beds are comfortable and check in was great. Went fast. Room was ready upon arrival. Great hotel

Mal la atención de recepción  me cobraron de más   Cuando cuando  realice el pago , Elena la que me atendió. En resección  me cobró más yo le mostré el presión de la promoción que avía  en ese momento y me dijo que sí y después me cobraron de más el día que  realice la salida fui a  resección y pregunté y ella más bien se puso a reír con otra que estaba ahí ósea  me cobraron de más y eso que yo soy miembro y empleado del hotel Hilton , la señora que estaba ahí se tiró una risa burlesca  a risas partida  en todo. El hotel cuando fui a ser la pregunta , eso demostró una  mal la atención y más que me cobraron de más.  Lo digo así xq yo mostré la oferta que avía  en línea . y como empleado tenemos la aplicación para descuento y no quise hacerlo por ahí  solo por ver la atención hacia el huésped  y fue terrible,  me llevé una gran experiencia  y sorpresa que da el hotel.  Hacía los huéspedes , luego pedí que me prestaran unas copa en el restaurante del hotel y la mesará que estaba de turno fue odiosa pero super odiosa y me la dio de mal gana , delante de todo los huéspedes, medio pena pero solo me puse a reír .

En otras  palabras como miembro del la compañía Hilton me sorprendió esa mala atención y mala experiencia.  Ojalá que  mejoren, la calidad de persona que ponen en recepción.

La verdad deberían poner en la área de recepción  personal de buena calidad para una mejor atención al cliente. Y deberían tratar mejor a los miembros del equipo Hilton mejor  ya que soy uno de los miembros y más bien salí con una mala imagen del hotel  y de la parte de recepción creo no debería poner a personal que ofenden al los huésped por que más bien salí ofendido de ahí cuando la de Recepción se tiró una risa burlesca y risas de un tono de voz  alto  burlándose. Cuando solo fui a ser una pregunta sobre lo cobro  de más que me se me hizo, eso muestra muy mala imagen  al grupo y los invitado que se hospedan. Que mal servicio la verdad quedé arrepentido y eso lo dejaré saber a la junta  del los miembros  Hilton que pongan mucha atención a esto.

Not good

My visit was super brief, but Cedric made a lasting impression. His warm, professional service stood out immediately—he was welcoming, attentive, and made sure everything was just right. He communicated clearly and kindly, and even helped resolve a small issue quickly and smoothly.

Cedric’s attention to detail and genuine care for guests truly elevated the experience. His respectful, inclusive attitude made me feel valued!

I’ll definitely be coming back—and I’ll be recommending this place to my colleagues, thanks in large part to Cedric’s exceptional service.

Most gorgeous hotel I ever stayed in. The first night I slept in the room, the bed was so comfortable, I was out like a light. I didn't want to leave it the next morning

Mala experiencia. Nos robaron nuestra camioneta la misma noche que nos hospedamos. Y los del hotel no movieron ni un dedo para ayudarnos, y que no tienen cámaras de seguridad. No les recomiendo este hotel.

Very nice experience. The hotel was clean the hotel staff was really nice and welcoming. The restaurant has very good food.

Great location. The service was great. I attended with a convention and there was a lot of engagement from the staff. They were attentive and friendly. This wasn't my first booking with this hotel, and all my experiences were wonderful.

Enjoyed my stay. Will be back again

I do not understand how this hotel is a four-star hotel. The rooms were horrible. The first room I was assigned to had worn furniture, stains on the wall, and mold in the bathroom. I then asked for another room, and the other room did not have worn furniture, but also had mold and stains on the walls and furniture. I then decided to go to Walgreens, a few minutes from the hotel, to buy supplies to clean up, and I ended up cleaning the room on my vacation.

The hallway is nice, and some staff members are friendly and helpful. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel.

Power source for phone charger went out. Causing me to be late. Cold shower every night.

We had a good experience overall. The hotel is in a convenient location. It was clean and peaceful furing our visit despite the fact that there were two events going on during our stay. However, the service at the front desk Saturday morning was a bit slow as there was no one around to assist a few of us guests for several minutes. Again, it was a good experience overall, and we would go back again.

The lady at the front desk she wears a mask she is so rude to teenagers her service is so trash she means and nasty idk her name but I know she wears a mask up front

Have stayed at this property multiple times for work. Great property, and the staff is great. The breakfast is pretty good and the bar serves decent drinks. Location is very quiet and near to other great restaurants.

The service was fantastic and the room was clean! The location was sketchy going into it but the actual hotel was great.

We had a great experience at this hotel. The man who checked us in, Ethan, was exceptionally kind and helpful. Every member of the staff we encountered was great! The room was also very clean. No issues what so ever. I highly recommend it!

The check in was very easy, the staff were very kind, and the room was perfect. 5 stars, would come again.

Ethan checked us in and went above and beyond. Great classy and professional place!

clean and friendly

We enjoyed our 3 night stay at this Hilton. The rooms were clean. The staff is very professional and courteous.

I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The sheets and towels were clean. The staff were super friendly and helpful, and location-wise, there were plenty of things to do without going into the city. The only thing is that I booked the executive floor, which gives access to the executive lounge, but it was closed during my entire stay. I did not receive a refund or notice that it would be closed. That's where I dock points for my stay. Other than that, I enjoyed my stay.

I had always loved this hotel. In the case of last night, after 6 hrs at ATL my flight was canceled. Numerous obstacles followed including that it was impossible to get a hotel near the airport, rent a car or  claim an Uber at ATL. Found a cab at one of those sold out ATL Gateway hotels and made contact with Sahondra at the Castle on the Hill. She got me in a little after 4 in the morning, everything got better from there. Can't say enough about how she helped me after such a bad day/night.

We came here from Houston, TX &  We randomly stayed the night so we didn't had the best looking clothes on, since my husband drives a truck. His company booked our stay. Well we loved the hotel & the room, but the female bartender at the restaurant was really rude to us. She didn't liked that we got there close to closing time. & when we asked for a drink she looked very mad. Then the next morning my husband came down to eat breakfast & he said the waiter was very rude to him. Racism!? Discrimination!? Very possible. I was so disappointed. When we checked out the men at the ask ask how was our stay & my husband said ok but left very sad & I was standing behind him making a face because no one likes to be treated rudely when we were paying to be there & eat there.

The hotel is in need of updating. Sticky carpet . Gross corners . Hall ways are muggy and hot . The elevator is only half way working !

Came to this hotel for my birthday and had the best time. It was a perfect location to stay at you can get to most tourist destinations within 20 minutes. The staff was great and gave great advise for things to do for your first time in Atlanta. I want to thank Kiesha the front desk manger along with Cedric, and Aliana for giving me good advice for things to do. Luis the restaurant manger for giving me amazing suggestions for places to eat. I also want to thank Lauren, Prisely, and Leirrie.

Service was amazing the staff was very polite and accommodating, the rooms could have been a lot cleaner I have to be honest , it wasn’t to the point that I felt I needed to be changed , but I did realize that the rooms needed attention , the breakfast was decent , and air conditioner worked fine in my room water pressure was great

6/17 another stay and as always service is amazing , very clean room , quiet , would recommend this Hilton to anyone in the area

Our deck is completely done ✔️💯

Phenomenal customer service, spotless rooms, and comfortable beds.

Nice place

We booked 2 nights at this hotel as a bundle when visiting the Georgia aquarium. The check in was easy and they paid attention to my additional requests. There was plenty of parking. The room was clean and had everything we needed. The hotel seemed to get pretty busy and our room was still comfortably quiet (we did bring our sound machine for night time though). Blackout curtains were great. We used the pool and it was clean with plenty of towels. Our bed was made up and refreshed after the first day. We didn’t visit the restaurant but we had complimentary coffee. Our son locked one of my shoes in the safe and they helped us very quickly. Check out process was easy. If we are back in the area we would definitely visit again.

If you have children, then visit the playground at Peachtree corners.. it’s amazing!

Older facility, room furniture, decor all showing signs of wear, no microwaves, seems everything a bit overpriced from $3 for 8oz bottle of water to a $4 can soup in a store.
Service... had to speak 3x to correct billing error, just at check out to be charged wrong account and to redo it all over again. For a large hotel if went out in the evening had hard time finding parking. I don't mean somewhere convenient but just parking on the property.

Great service , the room was clean and nice

Had lunch here and did not stay in a room.

Restaurant was very nice and the food was great.

Slept on floor of Hilton last weekend.  Booked a 2 queen room directly through Hilton.  When we showed up the said they over booked, and it was just their policy not to honor their reservations because they can't keep track of how many rooms they book.  I could not get another room anywhere else so we had King and roll out mattress for 4 people in our family.  I slept on the floor.  This is Hilton's accommodations.  What is the point of reserving a room?

The hotel is great. The service is fabulous. And no one seems to mention this, what I consider a big selling point ..
there is a Peloton 😍

The first room we went had an awful smell. We ask to be changed. The second room we went in the heating was not working, we call the front desk and reported. They sent a service man, who said that nothing was wrong we just have to give it time. Guess what we slept in a cold room then got transfer in another room. They gave us free breakfast that we did not use because we believe that a free breakfast was not a fair compensation to the trouble we went through and the price we paid for the stay

⸻

The staff is very rude and snobbish—absolutely unprofessional and unhelpful. This applies across all departments: reception, restaurant, guest services—each one worse than the other.
This is my first visit to the US for a surgical conference as a robotic surgeon, and it’s unfortunate that I don’t feel like coming back again.

Decent hotel, but nothing special.

Guest Star Rating is based upon personal experience and perspective. Executive rooms boast of additional luxuries that are not found in non-executive rooms. First night executive expense report revealed $196.82 stay total (no value added). Second night non-executive expense report revealed $149.66 stay total (no value added). High volume noise levels were consistent throughout the stay and minimized overall quality of sleep. According to staff, the noise level was as a result of the hardworking elevator shaft. Listed below are some additional unexpected findings:
Thermostat setpoint 60s--SE Winter season--cold/poor air quality
Dirty shower and bathroom floor
Soil and unidentifiable stains on floor lamp shade
Dirty, worn, smelly carpets
Insufficient room lighting
Soiled, matted, and shredded sheer window panels
Air freshener devices mounted to the wall near elevator (inconsiderate for those who are highly sensitive to fragrances). The hotel staff offered one complimentary breakfast for the inconvenience. Hopefully this hotel is up for remodel very soon. Your Guests deserve nothing less than the absolute Best.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I don't even know where to begin.  The "amenities" and "concierge servives" there is none. No extra bath tissue, just the one roll. No trash bags in the trash cans. Thank goodness I had some grocery bags. The pool is a very poor design. Divided in half by a glass wall, you can swim under it. Don't bother to waste your time. The  headboards are peeled.  The package I bought said, "Aquarium, Zoo, Coca Cola." With shuttle services. Which none were not. The charging port next to the bed did not work. There is not a complimentary breakfast. I had a yogurt with fruit. That's a grand slam? The desk manager seems lost. Very unorganized. Watch for all of the hidden fees.  The knight was a really neat accent in the hall.  Clean and beautiful entrance. Not the experience, expectations,  or memories I thought I would have. I was very sad and disappointed with this.

I am the Trip Coordinator for a High School Band Program and 62 of our kids and parents recently stayed at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast. They were very well organized and had all our keycards ready for us with room lists on arrival. The rooms, public areas and poolside were all clean and welcoming. The breakfast buffet was delicious with lots of food and options. The banquet staff went above and beyond to set up a water station poolside for our kids. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful, especially Ms Sahondra and Ms Elena. Overall, excellent customer service from every single staff member we interacted with! Definitely would stay here again in the future.

Positive: Size, cleanliness, location Negative: Staff could be a bit more hospitable and hostess like. Staff looks upset and lack social skills

We had a great stay here, rooms are cleaned, bed,pillows, sheets and comforter were nice and soft.. just make sure when bring water in your room, they had water buts its $3 for a small bottle. To
Think every hotel
Should give a complimentary water. 😄 i guess no more free in this world.🙂  we went to the bar, i got lemon drop martini i guess forgot the name but it was
So good. They are friendly and accommodating  and def we will
Come back..

This Hilton location in Atlanta truly shines as one of the best. The staff embodies courtesy, knowledge, and friendliness. The hotel radiates cleanliness, and the daily maid service is nothing short of exceptional. The spacious exercise room invites you to stay active, all while maintaining a serene atmosphere with its low noise level. Each day, the maid service stands as a testament to excellence. They don't charge a parking fee like most hotels in Atlanta. The only downfall is there is not a microwave or mini refrigerator inside of the room.

We booked this hotel for our anniversary and the property was beautiful! The rooms and common areas were clean and nicely decorated! Our interactions with guest services were all very pleasant. We asked Megan to have housekeeping tidy our room, left for breakfast returned about an hour later housekeeping was already done. When we returned from dinner our room smelled like weed (neither myself or husband are smokers) we reported the issue to Jake and Elena. They immediately offered to change our room to ensure the rest of our stay was pleasant! We came for relaxation from our busy lives while celebrating our 1st wedding anniversary and we couldn't have picked a better hotel. Thank you Hilton for making our anniversary one to remember. We will definitely be back!

Positive: Indoor pool, comfortable bed Negative: Bathroom had stains and hair on the walls

Stayed here for a baby shower. Staff was super helpful and friendly. Ate the best shrimp and grits here that I’ve had in a while!

Positive: Location Negative: This hotel may have been four-star at one point in time, but it is not now very outdated cobwebs were in the ceiling of the bathroom air conditioner kept running throughout the night headboard had scratches again. This property needs to be updated.

I just checked in and Candy at the front desk was very  professional and very accomodating

No complain so far good place near was for wanted location but was a bit expensive

My stay was okay, mix of positive and negatives. I stayed March 8-10 and paid $310 plus $100 deposit.

To me, the worst part was the pool issue. I ended up booking the hotel an extra night just so my kids could use the indoor pool that was advertised. The room was freezing cold. It was in the 50s and they had the air conditioning blowing cold air. My kids were shivering and my littlest one’s lips were turning blue We asked the front desk if they could adjust the thermostat and they said they would send maintenance over. About a half hour or more later he comes over, checks the temperature of the pool and says- the pool temperature is fine, the reason it’s freezing in here is because the air conditioning is running. Yes sir, that was the issue.. he seemed annoyed and we didn’t want to argue with him.

The pool itself is small, we were the only family there so that wasn’t an issue. If the team wanted to swim it might have been too small in the winter months.

The rooms and entire hotel was very clean. However, the water pressure in the room is very low so if you have thicker hair, it would be tough to rinse.

The restaurant was ok. We ate dinner there and everything was good. We went for breakfast and it was not good. The pancakes were like the frozen ones you reheat and so hard on the edges you couldn’t cut through them with a fork. Definitely not worth the $18.95 they charge for a plate. I stayed at the holiday inn the same weekend. I had a comparable room and breakfast was included for cheaper.

There was also an employee complaining loudly about other employees and cursing while I was eating breakfast with my kids. I get it girl- take it in the kitchen.

Overall, not the worst stay but could have been better. I would not go and book this on my own but I would stay again if my kids team were to stay. We were here for a Perfect Game baseball tournament for East Cobb GA and the fields were over an hour away so I’m not sure why we had to use this hotel to begin with.

1st time stay. Enjoyed this Hotel. Room was clean, service was A1 and location was perfect 👌🏽

Perfect stay. We stayed here for Valentine’s Day and it was amazing ! Staff was very nice and room was comfy .

My boyfriend came to visit here for work and I live here so I stayed with him. Loved everything about this place.

Super friendly staff, rooms and common areas are clean and modernized, bistro had excellent food. Only negative is that the hot water had to be on full hot for at least five minutes in order to take a shower. Something isn’t right at all with that.

I recently stayed here for a convention, and it was a great experience. The hotel and staff were very nice and the rooms were extremely clean. The beds were very comfortable. The only complaint I have is that you have to use two separate doors to enter and exit the staircase on the ground floor. Other than that, I thought it was very good and would stay here again the next time I'm in Atlanta.

I've been staying here when in ATL since 09. Great place

Horrible customer service?

I stayed at this hotel for three nights in December 2024. First I will mention the relatively minor issues. There was no floor lamp in the room and overall lighting was insufficient. The ironing board cover was very old and would not stay on it at all. Wifi connectivity was a persistent issue throughout the stay. Although The Breakfast was not complimentary (either you could get a room without breakfast and pay separately for it or get it included with room charge at an higher price for the room), the quality was still not great with stale baked items.
The major issue I ran into was with billing. My card was overcharged in the amount for breakfast and room service although I book a room with breakfast included. When called the hotel, they admitted it was a mistake on their part and  issued another invoice. This yime they took off one night, breakfast and room service which gave me an impression that they gave me one of the nights for free but the amount reimbursed was only for the breakfast, not even for room service. I called again and this time was told that it was a mistake again and I would be reimbursed for the room service but not for the night. It's funny because the third invoice I received, still shows only two nights charged.
Looking at all of this, I am questioning myself why would I choose Hilton over Holiday Inn or Best Western plus. Those are cheaper, serve breakfast to all the guests regardless of room choice and I never had any issue with billing with them so far.

Una de las experiencias más inolvidables 💯✨👏🏻 cambios exitosos se dan aquí

Beautiful reception beautiful staff
Everything was a excellent
I visited a lot of Hilton’s
This is from the best ones

Terrible Experience - Do Not Recommend

I recently stayed at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast, and it was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. Upon arrival, I noticed the towels in my room were dirty, which immediately raised concerns about the overall cleanliness of the hotel. The floors in the hallways had an unpleasant smell, making it uncomfortable to even walk around.

The service was nice enough to help us out with any difficulties. To top it all off, the breakfast was awful—bland, poorly cooked, and not worth the price.

For a hotel that carries the Hilton name, this was a major disappointment. I would not stay here again and recommend others to avoid it as well.

I hosted my very first live event here at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast November 7-9, 2024 and our experience was absolutely incredible. Kevin and Shantà in the Sales Department rolled out the red carpet, checking every single guest room under our block to ensure all of my attendees had an incredible stay. They accommodated our requests, were readily available to provide what we needed, and really made me feel as though they were equally invested into the mission God gave me for the event.

This photo is with Anthony from Banquets and two of our servers. The food was AMAZING! All of my attendees raved about how delicious everything was and also how kind everyone was while serving them. It was awesome!

Finally, the A/V team was very gracious to us. I’m so glad that God led me to this hotel because everyone far exceeded our expectations.

Thank you!

This was probably the worst Hilton I stayed at. The day staff and house keeping staff was really nice, but the night staff was rude and unprofessional.

There were minor upgrades in the room we were in, but none of them worked. A 3 setting bathroom light, and a USB night stand outlet. Not a big deal, but it's just annoying. Also our curtains were ripped. And the shower never fully turned off. Also would turn freezing if the room next to me showered at the same time.

There were multiple sold-out events booked around the weekend of October of 25-27, and the hotel had overbooked instead of checking to make sure rooms were available. The event I attended was the Climax of Night, with hundreds of people attending. Also, because there were so many people, the elevators were breaking down. The staff didn't offer any explanations to the crowds, so we were all left confused as to how to get to our rooms. When some people asked if we could use the stairs, one lady with short hair said "theyre locked," and disappeared into a staff roomalternatives like stairs. I asked the lady at the front desk with reddish orange curls Saturday night about accessing the stairs, and she just said, "The gym is locked, and the elevators are broken." I told her  I didn't need the gym, just the stairs, and she said "yeah I heard you and told you they're locked." Then she walked away. She came back later and stared at me while I waited on the one working elevator and said "didn't you need the stairs? You need to come on then." And rolled her eyes as some of us followed her. Later they got a security guard to man the door to the gym/stairs.

Later that night I i explained what happened to one of our Tournament Organizers. She went to talk to the same lady with the curls at the desk. The lady completely changed her story and said the elevators were slow and told her that she had told me she was getting someone to keep the stairs unlocked. She completely lied in front of me and refused to admit that she said the elevators were broken. Only the left one had been working all Saturday night and multiple guests commented this.

There should've been an announcement or signs stating an alternative to the elevators and the security guard should've been provided with out people getting upset. The stairs being locked in the gym is also a fire hazard.

Hotel is very nice, clean, little outdated. There was an event, the whole weekend only one elevator was working, had a little wait. Saw a roaches but then the tech couldn't find it. The hotel was full, no choice, need to stay with him/her in the same room.

Everything was first rate. Hotel was in excellent condition and clean. Breakfasts were wonderful, especially the Danish. The staff was very helpful. I would have liked an ice machine on the 2nd floor. There was a spot for it.

Very nice hotel, and food was excellent

I've stayed a couple of times (attending Stone Mountain Highland Games). It's a great hotel. Very comfortable rooms. Staff has always been pleasant and helpful. Good restaurant.

We have stayed at Hilton properties for years and this happens to be the worst property ever. We stayed here two years ago and it was fairly clean so we decide to come back. The bathroom had mold growing around the tub, the wall had visual water stained, the sink did not drained, the toliet was extremely hard to flush,  the carpet was filthy and stained and sticky. The headboard was ripped. My son woke up extremely itchy and we found bites on him. I also had bites behind my neck.  I would not be surprise if there are bed bugs. We did not switch room because it was such a short stay and the inconvenience of packing everything and moving room would be such a hassle. But this disgusting and filthy hotel is a disgrace to the Hilton name. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here.

Update: reaching out to Hilton will not do anything to adjust the issue.

Hello,
if you're reading this and you're not someone who can't spend 400 a night for a room then LOOK ELSEWHERE!!
I spent about 1k for 4 nights 1 room. The room was dirty, the ceiling cracked, faucet handles were all over the place, carpets old and ugly, and the room didn't even have a microwave!! Seriously for more than 200 a night it's appalling what this place thinks is acceptable.
LOOK ELSEWHERE and don't give this place a second thought.

Best place to stay in Atlanta! Kendal at the front desk was super friendly and accommodating!

We stayed here during a trip to NC from Texas to help victims of Helene. Very happy with the price and very happy with the room, the pool, the fitness center! Definitely be back next time I’m in Atlanta 🙌👍

First time dining at the restaurant and the server Angelica was exceptional!! The food and drinks she recommended was amazing. My wife enjoyed her dinner and the fireplace kept us warm and romantic.

I highly recommend you not stay here, my truck was broken into in their parking lot with 4 other vehicles. They do not have cameras or security in the parking lot

Clean and great service

Excelente  hotel

The hotel itself is quite comfortable and pleasant. However the issue I had was with the breakfast.

For a hotel to have the audacity to charge $18 for what amounts to a continental breakfast with bland, lukewarm coffee is absolutely absurd and insulting!

Stayed here while visiting daughter in Duluth. Very nice hotel. Quiet and very well maintained.

Hotel is good . Facilities are good

Nice 4 star hotel. Quiet, good parking friendly and clean place to stay

Let’s start with the positives:
•	The front desk and maintenance staff were polite
•	The bed was very comfortable
•	Plenty of towels were provided, which is often an issue

Basic fails:
•	The air conditioner didn’t work
•	The fridge didn’t work, no biggie, but the replacement one didn’t either, which was important for dietary restrictions
•	Cream colored curtains had literally been stitched multiple times with black thread and were still shredding
•	The floor was ridiculously dirty and likely hadn’t been mopped in months (pic attached)
•	There’s no coffee maker in the room, so the lobby is your only option
•	The “free breakfast, the people in the restaurant ‘bill you for’, which can be removed at the front desk
•	We were asked twice by cleaning staff when we were leaving despite having the do not disturb on the door for conference calls, for a noon checkout. Once at 10am and once at 11:45am.

There are lots of hotel options in this area and I expect much more from a Hilton. Slightly outdated is one thing, the rest made it very easily a place I will not return to.

We had a minor accident that required ice and towel for some minor bleeding, then wiping the floor. Attached is the dirt from 2 steps in the door in that wipe up…that is gross, and I have 2 dogs and 3 kids.

The rooms were nice but you can definitely tell it's a but dated and the hallway carpet should really be taken out and new put in. The bathtubs were slippery and being a former business owner of treating bathtubs for non-slip is a thing these hotels should really fix.

Jake! Your customer service is amazing you’re informative and kind. Thank you. Mrs. Ana in the kitchen area she is the sweetest lady I’ve met in hotel business thank you for such warm embrace. Alejandro was our server and made sure all our needs were met with a smile on his face, he serviced everyone in the restaurant with the same attention. All around beautifully kind ppl. I will come again. Other than that food was good , drinks amazing, bed comfortable. House keeping was even nice in the hall way!

Roasted for 3 nights with inadequate air conditioner. Reported air conditioner not cooling to front desk in hopes of getting a room change. They had a maintenance guy come and change the filter out. We still sweated every night. Hallway temp felt high also. I wouldn't recommend it during summer months especially reading the previous reviews that mention air conditioner problems.

Very accommodating and friendly staff.

Only reason Im giving four stars is because housekeeping was knocking on the door at 9:20 when check out isnt until noon..like really!

Very large and clean rooms highly recommend

All I have to say is that Alejandro, Anna and Debby from the Restaurant are wonderful servers and took great care of us each time we dined there :) . They are jewels! :)

I  love this location.  I had my daughter with me, and they checked me in early, Thanks Nayara. And breakfast at Dahlia's was fantastic. At Dahlia's the manager, Ana, was super nice and friendly as well as Alejandro and Lauren. They treated us like royalty. I am super happy with my experience here, and I will be back for sure.

I think the hotel sits in a great area. Fast abs easy check in.  My room still had graham crackers on the floor from the previous guests. The refrigerator leaked water. The hot water went out for 2 days.  I'm not sure if it was only My room or floor.

We ate at Dahlia's tonight and while I wouldn't recommend the quinoa power bowl (was made wrong three times) I would absolutely give props to Precious!! Great personality, friendly, funny, and 'gets it'. Precious, you are amazing - thank you for filling in for your co-worker tonight! All the best!

Room clean, the overall hotel was pleasant BUT my only issue was with the hot water in the shower only lasted 1 mins til it turned cold

NAYARA...10 Stars!!!

It was a last minute change of plans for My Wife's Birthday...   Nayara handled us, as though we had this thing planned for months.    Great Customer service, had an issue out of her control, handled it with ease.

Dinner at Dahlias was very tasty too😉

I want to report the horrible service my husband and I had this Saturday. I came from Florida that day and after a pastors event I went to this hotel which I had a reservation two weeks ago. The ladies at the reception only said that I have to find another hotel since the computers are not working. I told them to help us since it’s midnight and I won’t be able to find another hotel at the last minute. They said they can’t do anything for me and let me go. I went to many hotels around and they were all sold out!

Finally, at almost 2am I was able to find Embassy Suites Northeast were the manager named Roger was touched by our situation and did what this Hilton manager didn’t want to do, he went the extra mile to find an empty room for us. Hilton hotels should train the lobby staff to be more flexible and caring about their guests!!! One star to Hilton Northeast, 5 stars to Embassy Suites!!!

The hotel was beautiful to look at pulling up and the service inside was amazing. However, my only complaint is that the rooms could use a refresher. There were some obvious issues such as lights being out, plugs not working, and some furniture showing wear and tear. Other than that it was an amazing stay that is worth the price!

We love road trips and with a young daughter she loves staying in hotels. When we looked at photos we were thrilled, she said it looked like a castle. Even pulling up (after a 7 hr drive) we all had whoa moment. Never had we ever stayed in a 4 star hotel. We've stayed in plenty but never 4 STARS.

We walk in the lobby, wow, the elevator lobby, wow, we get to the second floor, bam, burning popcorn. Oh OK, let's get in our room. Immediately we walk into a mediocre room, everywhere we look it was disappointing. I sat on the bed, and I swear the frames were broken, cracking every motion type of broken ON BOTH BEDS. Our magic was fading fast. All photos are of this first room.

I'm usually the one to handle issues bc my husband has a quick temper, especially when it comes down to the treatment of his two ladies, but I was exhausted and let him take the reigns.

He returned with a smile and keys to a room on the fourth floor. Zero popcorn smell, quiet beds and just a generally nicer feeling. I'm so appreciative to whomever helped him change rooms. We stayed two nights while we visited family nearby. The restaurant smelled great but didn't have anything of interest for a 9 year old so we went to a local restaurant about 10 minutes commute.

I have no complaints about our stay but I would just like to maybe lower the bar a bit? We stayed at a lower rated hotel after leaving this Hilton location and had a much better experience overall. Hilton seems to be just a title now.

Our experience was highlighted by interaction with the wonderfully warm, professionally competent and engaging Ms. Gloria Richardson. She shared suggestions on local food and drink establishments which enhanced our very short stay. I will be recommending this location largely because of Ms. Richardson.

Mr. John was excellent outside. Very nice. Very helpful. I came in with my church family and he took good care of us. Parking was made easy for us. He accommodated us very well.

Arrived around 10.30 after long flight.
No food available.  So had to walk down road.
Room had a broken bedside lamp with exposed wires. Door falling off of cabinet and a really week shower.
Only water available was $8

John The concierge is a top notch guy!|He was very helpful getting my things to the room.

John was very helpful upon our arrival today to the Hikton Airport Hotel.

Charles the bell captain was so nice.

We arrived after driving for over 5 hours, John greeted us as soon as we pulled up.  He gave us directions on how to check in, as I entered the building he began helping my husband with our luggage. ||When I came back the bags were loaded on a cart, John gave us clear directions on where to park, how to find the elevators and shared he would meet us at our room with our things.||By the time we got to the room, John was waiting outside.  ||He brought our items in, offered to turn on our lights and asked if there was anything additional we needed.

John greeted us so kindly and made sure my Mom had everything she needed to get settled in her room. He was extremely helpful and thought of every detail. This was a huge comfort to me in making sure my Mom had everything she needed. Thank you!

John was so friendly impressed all of my guests when we went to the restaurant

Beautiful property, very friendly people! Jon helped me to my room and took care of everything to get my room ready. I would be more than

A great experience overall! The room was beautiful and well-appointed, though I’d recommend a quieter wing if you’re a light sleeper, as level 19 was a bit noisy with slamming doors in the hallway in the middle of the night. The hotel has its own bar and restaurant on-site, though we didn't get a chance to try them since there are so many other dining options within walking distance. The staff was a bit of a mixed bag—a few seemed grumpy, but others were truly extraordinary and made the stay special. To top it off, the shuttle service was super convenient and perfectly on time, making the airport commute completely stress-free. A solid choice for an airport stay!

John was so courteous and friendly when we were dropped off to get our car.   Helped load the luggage in our car.   Very customer oriented.   Excellent customer service

Excellent shuttle service to and from the airport!

The staff here are great. Shuttle driver Marvin and concierge/bell hop John were both wonderful

Mr. John, an associate at the hotel was so accommodating, helpful, and cheerful. You need more staff like him, one in a million!|So memorable!

Excellent overnight stay for an early morning into ATL Airport.

Check in around 4 was great,pleasant experience. Was there for a team gathering. We ordered food and plates and utensils were not brought so we asked the desk if they had any and the response was a sharp “NO” and the woman went back to doing something else. I brushed it off, everyone has a bad day. In the morning, I went to the desk and asked where the gym was at and the woman said “over there” I kindly stated “oh okay, like down stairs?” She said “yeah” I asked “do happen to know where down stairs? She stated “it’s the only thing down there” and rolled her eyes. I went about my business and went to the gym for a work out, started my run and did accessory work, near the weights and where you do floor work it was filthy and had bugs everywhere.

The hotel stay and conference area was great. The staff and gym were gross. Not a great experience.

I loved being at the Hilton for VO Atlanta 2026 this year. My favorite part of the service was John, the concierge! He was sooo kind and hard working! Very good at what he does and even though it’s hard work, he keeps a smile on his face the whole time!

I saw him at all hours, he’s my fav! If that man could get a raise and more breaks that would make my heart happy! ✨

Hilton Airport canceled my reservation and left me without any options.
EDIT: They gave me a full refund of my reservation so I am happy with that outcome.

Was told by bar tender was out of stock of Bullet rye.  So he would give me shame for price when I got the it was twice the price so no tip and paid it so I am not happy.

Amazing accomodations.  Staff is very helpful. Clean and well maintained. The restaurant is out of this world fantastic!

spacious two bed, the closet is relatively small.

great view of airport runway
fewer than 10min to airport, and they have shuttle every 30min

Mr. John is full of life and hospitality. He made my stay even better with his service.

Great hotel and my room had a mini-gym inside, but it ticked me off when the maid came to clean my room while I was out and she threw away my multiple paper cups stacked together and soap box when NEITHER of these items were in the trash. She should only empty out the trash cans. It’s not her job to analyze what is trash and not trash. Yes, paper cups could be considered trash, but I reuse them. A soap box could be considered trash, but I use it to carry my bar of soap to my next hotel. When I talked with her, her answer was, “No hablo ingles.” Better just put that Do Not Disturb sign on your door and avoid letting the maid decide what’s trash in your room (what’s the use of a trash can when she’s going to be deciding what gets thrown away). Next time, I’m hiding items that might be considered trash.

Very clean and convenient to airport.  Love having bar and restaurant in the building.  Felt very safe.

The hotel is quite clean and the staff is pretty friendly. However the shuttle to the airport doesn't really pass by on the defined times (This is a minor thing). What annoys me the most is that the hotel doesn't really have a free WiFi, you will need to join Hilton Honors or pay. Then you shall always log in from the lobby, since it seems that the system is not able to allow it from anywhere else in the hotel.

First and last time Hilton, in 2026 you would expect WiFi to be standard for a hotel this category....

Meh, well used hotel. Average, but the room was cheap for a Hilton. Toilet seat was to small for the toilet... Yes really. Tile in the shower was cracked and turning green in one area. Needs renewal.

Really disappointing in the staff regarding food and beverage and also reservations, including on-site staff.

Good location and food options are great

After a day of international travelling I arrive at the hotel past midnight to be told they have oversold and have no room for me to honor my booking. I'm also told by the manager who comes out that they won't help and it's not their problem. Never had anything like it, the lady at the front desk got very aggressive when I challenged her lack of care or any empathy for the distressing situation she then called security who asked me to leave.

great water pressure. Location good. The resturant food was better than expected.Insode and outside pool. Decent view. Had clear view of planes taking off.

Very nice hotel and rooms
Cons:
Toilet slow to flush, empties completely but slow start.
Parking done by tapping room key; should upgrade to the license plate ones. Its a pain to find your room key just to park or exit.

My AC wasnt working in my room and Michael came to the rescue and fast! Michael makes this review a true 5 stars!

He even changed the filter while he was at  it!

They will knock on your door early to ask what time you are checking out. 👎

Amazing customer service! John went above and beyond by bringing our luggage to our room and truly taking care of us. Kelli at the front desk was wonderful—so helpful, friendly, and made us genuinely happy. Their kindness and professionalism made our stay exceptional. We would absolutely stay here again!

Positive: Location Negative: They charge you for every little thing which adds up, that’s my only complaint

The bed in my room was super comfortable but it couldn't fix the issues here. The phone system was down so I was unable to get in contact with the hotel for shuttle pickup. The hotel was super noisy making it very difficult to sleep. Also it took way too long to get checked in.

I’d like to express my sincere gratitude to Donald. I found myself in a very difficult moment, and as I looked around Herb N’ Kitchen, he immediately stepped in and offered excellent customer service. He took the time to help me find a solution and made the whole experience much easier. Employees like Donald truly make customers feel welcomed and appreciated. Thank you, Donald, for all your help.

Very good hotel. Breakfast not included. Close to the airport

Top shelf hotel! Fast elevators to the 15th floor.
Plenty of water pressure with very hot water.
Clean and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to a friend.

My husband and I were caught up in a travel ground stoppage January 3. We had a reservation at this particular hotel, however our travel was interrupted and unpredictable. We ended up arriving at this hotel around 3:30 AM. After spending nearly 24 hours awake through an arduous and exhausting round of travel, we wanted nothing but to fall into a bed. Upon arrival, the night clerk was borderline hostile. She repeatedly told us she was in the middle of her night audit. Our reservation was cancelled because we didn't use the mobile check in app, however we were in flight back into the U.S. and couldn't make a phone call. She was incredibly rude to us. After getting our room key we asked about parking and received a sequence of eye rolls and sharp heavy sighs, as we were such an nuisance. We have been Hilton honors members for over 10 years and were just aghast at the lack of hospitality and abject vitriol we received. I have reached out to Hilton and have yet to hear back from the management of this property. Hospitality is obviously NOT a part of  their repertoire!

Excellent near the airport. I checked in late, but I had to wait, and there was no one at the desk. The curtains were old, and as soon as I came in, I smelled urine. It was my first time at a Hilton hotel in the US, and I experienced that the name value of a Hilton is different in the US.

Great  👏

The staff is very attentive and helpful.

The Hilton Atlanta Airport Hotel was nice. Ashely at the Breakfast Bar was the very best part of my trip to Atlanta. Ashley provided amazing customer service to me as well as all the guest having breakfast in the dining area and the bar. She is very courteous, very professional, and very welcoming!

Tv volume at 39, knock on door to loud. I’m 200 yards from the airport.

We are Hilton Brand loyalists and were extremely disappointed with this stay. The room was good, and what you would expect from a Hilton Hotel, but the food was horrible and the lack of quality services was extremely disappointing. We ordered room service, which was very difficult to do.  When we received it, it showed up in a paper bag, was cold, bland, and tasteless.  My husband ordered pulled chicken BBQ for $26. The meal was cold and tasteless, and the portion was more of a snack versus a dinner.  We had reservations to stay here again in a month, and have cancelled them.

Very close to airport with shuttle running every 30mins. Plenty of food options close by. Clean and spacious rooms.

Had some bumps here.  I expected better.  The website stated on site parking,  but didn't say there was a LARGE charge. ($32 per night)
Parking lot gate wouldn't open and there was a line of 7 vehicles to get out.  Called 3 times,  kept telling us that security was coming.  Never came.  It was a mess.

Everything about this stay was excellent

Positive: Everything needed was right in the vicinity 😊 Negative: ""

The shuttle service operates every 30 minutes, which is quite infrequent compared to other hotels.

Nothing beats a late night trip to the Hilton! After a quite tumultuous travel experience, I was ready to kick my feet up at this establishment. After I visited the nice fellow at the food stand, I went up to my room to enjoy my treats. As I ate my cheese platter and giant cookie in bed, I felt as if I was unstoppable. After a viewing of jumanji, I slept as though I was lying on a cloud. my sheets were made of silk, even the princess with the pea would be of utmost content here. After awaking, I was treated to a breakfast. That said, my experience fell rather short. The fruit tasted of mush, and the cereal wasn’t much better. Nay, I’ve eaten baby food better than this! They only had one server, but she was satisfactory. All in all, I felt like royalty. However, if you do with to visit, please, skip the fruit.

I did not have a room but attended a luncheon. The food was good

I had a problem with my room and when i called downstairs Mrs. Kelli at the front desk, she’s the office manager, took great care of me great customer service.  I will be coming back !

We had a wonderful retreat, and after our retreat, we all shopped at the mall and dining was suburb around the mall recommended for any event

I recently stayed for two nights and like previous stays I struggled with maintaining the temperature of the room.  I would set the thermostat down to a cool sleeping temperature with the fan on high. I would wake a couple hours later to find the thermostat reset itself to 70 degrees and automatic fan.  If you prefer a constant temperature environment for sleeping I recommend finding another establishment.  The corporate central control over thermostat settings is not conducive to customer comfort.

Corrick was exceptional when my room was not too my satisfaction he was able to fix the situation very quickly and very professionally. He made my stay so much better as a frequent traveler who is In hotels, more than my own bed, this really does matter to me thank you again for the kindness that this individual had they really deserve a raise or at least recognition

My room was prepaid. However a different card I handed over for incidentals was used for someone else’s hotel stay 2 nights later. Spoke with accounting and no help with a refund. I even received a copy of the receipt with someone else’s name on it. Terribly disappointed in Hilton.

This was my second stay at the Hilton Atlanta Airport, and unfortunately it confirmed that the shuttle and guest service issues I experienced before were not isolated incidents.

During my first stay, the airport shuttle was over an hour late. While inconvenient, the rest of the stay was fine, so I gave the hotel the benefit of the doubt and assumed it was a one-time problem.

On my most recent stay, the same issue occurred—only worse.

I arrived at the airport at 8:40 PM and was at the hotel shuttle pickup area by 8:57 PM. According to the hotel’s information and app, the shuttle runs at :15 and :45. I remained at the pickup location the entire time along with several other guests, yet no shuttle arrived at 9:15, 9:45, or 10:15 PM. The shuttle finally arrived at 10:21 PM, resulting in nearly a 1.5-hour wait.

During this time, there was no way to reach the hotel, and no updates or communication were provided.

After check-in, I asked to speak with a manager about the situation. I was told no manager was on duty and that a supervisor would address my concern. I calmly and respectfully explained the situation and timeline. The supervisor repeatedly asked how I eventually arrived at the hotel, which gave the impression that because I did arrive, the shuttle was only a few minutes late. This line of questioning completely disregarded the fact that three scheduled shuttle times were missed.

Rather than acknowledging the delay, she became defensive, implied that we somehow missed all the shuttle runs, and dismissed the situation as “no big deal.” When I continued to calmly restate the facts, she said she “couldn’t talk to me like this,” which felt disrespectful and unprofessional.

I rarely leave negative reviews and have been a loyal Hilton guest for many years, but this was one of the poorest guest service experiences I’ve had with the Hilton brand. An airport hotel should provide reliable transportation and professional, respectful customer service.

I would not recommend this property to travelers base on my encounter.

Checked in on the 22 and was initially concerned because the check in line was long. I saw only one person working and braced for the worst. Somehow a solo Clerck named Corrick was able to swiftly efficiently and very pleasantly clear the line in under 5 minutes. Rooms are clean and quiet. Very near the airport easy to get to.

Grand hotel and near the Airport for those early flights out.  Food at the restaurant is tasty and the staff are friendly and welcoming.

The concierge, Mr. John Speigel, was the epitome of excellence at the Hilton. He was there both day and night working tirelessly to accommodate the guest.   He helped load and unload luggage as well as assist in hospitality

Excellent hotel but the service in the restaurant at night is lacking. I had dinner there twice. Both times I was seated with a view into the kitchen. Both my servers stood in the kitchen on their phone. Terrible service and I will probably choose a different hotel in Q1.

Positive: Cleanliness; attentiveness Negative: Personally I thought the dinner prices were too high. Plus I was expecting a free continental breakfast.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Stayed 8 nights great service throughout my stay. Was greeted every night and morning by John, offered to help with bags and was always there with a smile encouraging me through my training. Will definitely stay again when back in ATL.

Corey was a fantastic help throughout my entire stay! From the moment I arrived, he made check-in smooth and easy.His professionalism and friendly demeanor made my experience truly enjoyable.

My stay was absolutely outstanding. Corey , and Ms.Essence
went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect. They were incredibly professional, attentive, and genuinely helpful throughout my stay. Every question I had was answered with care, and their warm, welcoming approach made the entire experience even better.I couldn’t have asked for a better  host—highly recommended! I will definitely be booking again.

This is for me I'll return again.

My federal agency has been coming to this hotel for several years and have not had an issue in terms of our tax exempt form until recently. It’s a complete headache and inconvenience that I’ve had staying at this hotel, particularly for the past two months. I’ve been providing the same tax exempt form for at least six years four times a month ,and there has never been an issue until now. We will have to take our business elsewhere, unfortunately. The food here at the redeye restaurant is amazing and the staff are super friendly and courteous.
The food will be the only thing that I’ll miss here.

If you get room 301 change instantly.  There was a constant screeching machine sound that happened every 20-40 minutes.  It was potentially from an elevator.

Our flight was canceled so we bought what we thought was a better hotel over the hotels offered by Delta.  We were wrong, and the service was awful when we tried to tell a front desk employee about the problem.

No Place Like Hilton.

I came here for an event.  Staff was professional and responsive!  Gallery was set up beautifully foe the event and we were taken care of.

Very comfortable bed and rooms, amazing shower and the access from and to the airport is really good. Great breakfast buffet.
The receptionist that received us for checkin wasn’t the most happy person working, wasn’t rude, but far from kind.

What a wonderful experience and pleasant surprise! The ATL Airport Hilton is now one of my favorite properties. The property itself is top notch, but Ms. Kelli and Mr. Romon and their customer service are what sets this Hilton apart. Despite being seasoned travelers we had some parking and shuttle issues UNTIL Kelli and Romon stepped in. We are so grateful for their assistance and the difference they made. We felt like Diamond-encrusted Platinum guests : ) We will be staying at the ATL Hilton for all future stays when flying.

Great location, decent service. Rooms are a bit spartan, but the glass shower is a nice upgrade. None of the niceties of some hotels like a notepad, pen, or soap by the sink. Nice that they set out coffee in the early morning, and great hotel bar and restaurant.

No. No. No.
Nothing but problems.
$22 fir the breakfast buffet.
Limit channels.
Front desk nor helpful, and gave the impression they don't care.

The only good thing: they don't charge for the airport shuttle.

Pro: Proximity to airport, complimentary airport shuttle
Con: Poor customer service, dirty room (hair in sink and old chicken wing bone on floor)

I use this Hilton to park my car when flying out of Atlanta Hartsfield. Hotel is located at the entrance of the airport complex. Shuttle picks up and drops off at the airport every 30 minutes.

The highlight of our stay was Iris, at the bar-restaurant. Her service was impeccable, she made the best margaritas we've ever had, and the food was delicious. Iris is an immense asset to the hotel!

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
This was my very first trip to Atlanta, and I couldn’t have asked for a better welcome. I was greeted promptly by Carmen, who looked after me with such genuine care while I was here for my Delta interview. Her warmth and professionalism put me at ease right away, and her hospitality truly made a difference. Thank you, Carmen, for making my stay such a positive and memorable experience!

As many reviewers have noted, John is the face of the hotel and sets a high standard right from the start. We had a rental car that we needed to return so John helped by parking us out of the way while we checked in.  When we returned from dropping the car our luggage was in the our room.  I hope management is noting his stellar work ethic and keeps him as long as he is willing to stay.

Our server for breakfast was very pleasant and genuinely engaging.  We did have one minor issue which she resolved very quickly, she is another gem.

We do have one complaint: the tv programming was far below expectations.  Nice tv, but I had to watch college football using my tablet and Disney account.  Not a single local channel and very limited network tv.

Service and food were great!  Nice clean rooms and well thought out spaces.

The hotel reception SHUT DOWN the phone service at 4am. Is this ACCEPTABLE for Hilton Brand ??  I demand HILTON to investigate on this matter. My husband has been a diamond with you and this is UNACCEPTABLE. #Hilton

Room had lots of noise pollution from the lobby, which made it harder to sleep. Random noises from adjacent rooms. Drain clogged in the sink.  Just not up to snuff.

Everyone needs a John S. working for them. Hilton hit the jackpot with this employee. From the moment I pulled in my car to check in, I barely made it a few steps away from my car before John was already walking out to greet me with such kindness and took my bags so I could park and check in hands-free. He then proceeded to bring my bags to my room and even grabbed some ice for me. Such a lovely person. I wish all my hotel stays were like this (as we all know how customer service is these days). Hospitality is top notch here.

I had a great stay at the Atlanta Hilton at the airport. The views of the runway were fantastic, though my room had a partially obstructed corner view. Even so, it was still a very nice room. The indoor pool was a great feature, though the jets in the hot tub weren’t working during my visit. Just a few minor details aside, overall it was a wonderful stay.

Iended up in a room which was a bit worn down. Good public areas and the gym was super nice!

I will definitely go back

This is our jumping off point when we have an early flight. We've always enjoyed our stays here. FYI - Parking is $20 a night

This a full service modern hotel. They've rooms of all types and sizes, conference rooms, shuttle to the airport, restaurants, and a ton of parking. Wheelchair accessibility is easy.

Nice .

Positive: "" Negative: ""

One of the quietest hotel experiences ever, especially surprising since we were overlooking the airport. Very clean.

Super close to the airport, which makes it convenient when flying in or out of Atlanta.  Rooms were clean and beds were very comfortable. Very modern and has all the upscale upgrades. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Has a restaurant and bar, which I didnt visit- but seemed busy and looked great. Also has outdoor pool, which looked awesome. Easy access to the downtown area which has tons of food options and entertainment.  Will definitely stay here again the next time I fly into ATL.

I dealt with Rosetta and John. Both were very professional, pleasant and polite!
Rosetta made sure my concerns were addressed and John showed me where I need to go for the upcoming event ATLANTA BLACK THEATER FESTIVAL.

I came there for an event. The parking was overpriced. The food in the restaurant was good but I would have liked to have seen more vegan and vegetarian choices. But overall, the Hilton was warm, inviting and a great place to have an event.

Great experience and I live the rooms and the atmosphere.

Rooms were outdated and not very clean. The bed and pillows were hard. There was a couple of events going on that weekend so it was busy, but it didn't seem very safe at all. It was so pricy and so loud.  The only good part about it was how close it was to the airport. Next time I will not worry about the closeness of the airport and won't stay in Atlanta. I will not be going back to this hotel.

Nice clean corner room with comfortable King bed. Nice showers and bluetooth fog less mirror.

We used HAA for their Parking Service. The price was great, as well as the location, and the shuttle service. Let me also that we had an awesome Driver.

The parking is pricey at this hotel. I was only here 2 days on business so I used Lyft which was less than I would have paid for a rental and parking combined my room was clean and well stocked accept for the shower gel in the shower. I didn't use the water or coffee in the room. I brought my own tea. Hilton Honors guests received 2 bottles of water upon check in. They have a free airport shuttle which ran every 30 mins, which worked out great.
I used the gym which was clean and in good working order. I may use the indoor heated pool and Jacuzzi. There is also an outdoor pool I didn't have time to visit.
The breakfast buffet is pricey but seemed well stocked. I ordered a la carte which was a little pricey too but tasted fine. I ckd out dinner prices which were pricey, but I didn't really like the choices so I ordered in door dash. I'm on a special diet so ... Ordering in was easier.
Staff overall was pleasant, helpful and professional during my whole stay. This made my time here peaceful and productive.
They have a business area but I didn't have time nor the need to visit it.
I would stay here again.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Overall experience was very good. Thx.  Tom

Always a safe bet when passing through ATL.

My two complaints, I asked for a 1pm check out time,normal is 11am, they charged me $40.00 I have never had such inflexibility and frankly feel ripped off. The hotel was not where near capacity and no maids even on the floor when we left. My second complaint is I called the front desk from the airport and Noone answered the phone from the time we walked to the transportation center, got on the shuttle and rode to the hotel. The phone was just ringing and it was ignored by the front desk staff!

Essence at the front desk was knowledgeable and very helpful! She provided great customer service and answered all of my questions. Companies need more people like her. Keep up the good work! :)

-Tony V

Rude staff

This is an excellent choice of a hotel!  The entire staff from the general manager, Mr. Hubert, and the managers,Ms.  Callie and Ms. Gloria Robinson are all extremely hospitable, the front desk staff, In particularly Ms. Carmen and Ms. Kyarrah are extremely professional and most helpful. The store staff  and shuttle drivers are also worthy of acknowledgment. If you are in search of delicious southern style food, the hotel restaurant has collard greens and jalapeño cornbread that I as a southern lady would consider mouth watering and  Extremely delicious. The bar staff are All excellent with recommendations and quite attentive to the needs of the guest. You will not be disappointed at this hotel. The rooms are spacious and clean and some of the rooms come with a gym.

Love this hotel everyone is very nice

My overall experience was deeply disappointing. If I had to describe it in one word, it would be just that—disappointing. From the moment I arrived, I felt mistreated, particularly by the front office staff. The front desk manager and team were noticeably rude, dismissive, and unhelpful, which unfortunately set a negative tone for the rest of my stay.

One morning, I asked a waitress at the breakfast buffet where I could get a cup of coffee. Her response was, “You can get it here, but for $22—we don’t serve coffee for free.” I found this response unnecessarily harsh and disrespectful. There was no reason for such a tone over a simple and polite question.

In addition, I waited nearly 15 minutes at the lobby bar before anyone acknowledged me, and another 10 minutes before I was given a menu, which only added to the overall feeling of neglect.

The guest rooms were also underwhelming. They felt musty and outdated, the air conditioning was weak and inconsistent, and the carpet was noticeably stained, which made the space feel unclean and poorly maintained.

On a positive note, the location was ideal for my needs—very central and convenient for everything I had planned during my trip. I would also like to commend the woman working at the coffee shop across from the lobby bar. She was consistently cheerful, kind, and welcoming. I regret not catching her name, but her attitude truly stood out. The hotel would greatly benefit from having more staff members like her.

This Hilton Hotel is a great place to stay.  The rooms are clean with comfortable beds and linens.   The rooms have an iron and ironing board along with a hair blow dryer.  (This seems needless to say, but I have noticed fewer hotels offering these items like they did in the last.).  The rooms also includes a fridge and microwave.

TV also you to use your Netflix, Disney, Peleton, SiriusXM, Pluto TV, and YouTube accounts.  Regular live cable tv is also provided.

There are multiple places to eat as well
As room service/In-Room Dining.

One feature that I LOVE about Hilton Hotels is the option of a Digital Key for Hilton Honors Members.  This allows you to check in on the Hilton app and go directly to your room.  Your phone then acts like the key and will open the door to your room.  Very convenient and easy.

This hotel is not at the airport, meaning walking distance, but is very close compared to the other options available.

- This hotel has a fitness center that is opened 24/7.
- A business center with two work stations
- 2 Pools (one indoors and one outdoors)

Complimentary airport shuttle service is available 4am - 2am daily, to the Domestic Terminal at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.

Dry Cleaning and Laundry services are available Monday-Saturday for a fee. For same day service, laundry must be received prior to 8:30am.

Guest Services would be happy to deliver a crib or rollaway to your room. Cribs and rollaways are available for a fee on a first-come, first-served basis.

Highly recommend
⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️

Great hotel! Decently priced too. Had dinner with my group of 18 at Red Eye Southern Kitchen. Taylen was our service.  Hands down best service and the food was to die for. If I lived in Atlanta I would eat there frequently. #muststay #musteat

30ドルのクーポンはフロント前の売店でも使用可能？
最後まで謎でした。

Hotel was great. Parking is expensive. Be aware. The hotel added a parking charge to my room AND I had to pay $25 to exit the parking lot.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I was in the hotel for a family reunion. The ice machine on the 3rd floor was not working. I called the front desk . I was assured it would get fixed. It nvr was. I had to go from one end of the hotel to the next just to find out that the ice machine was still broke for my entire stay. In addition, the printer was not working. I wasn't able to print any documents for a deadline that I needed to meet & was not able to. I rcvd maid service on 7-12-25 around 6 & felt rushed because I had a banquet to attend. Finally, 7-13-25 maid svcs was 1/2 completed. The floor was not vacuumed, the pillow cases were still dirty, & the shower & bathroom sink was not thoroughly cleaned.

I am very disappointed in the service I received at this Hilton Hotel. When I hear of the Hilton Brand I think "top of the line" and /or "elite service" that was not the case with this hotel stay.

Great location if you're headed to the airport of course, I like to sit at the bar and wonderful food. Great place to leave your vehicle if you are flying out of atlanta, lots of parking spaces. Staff always so friendly always willing to help with luggage going to Extra mile.

Excellent stay.

First room was Extremely dirty! hallways are dirty. Very dark and musty. Water damage in ceiling. Old stained rugs. Wish i could transfer hotel but cant do to room block event. Booger on pillowcase, dirty toilet. They moved us to a much better room but still very outdated, kinda stinky, and well it's night one and i want to sleep in a body suit. Disappointed.

When I checked out they didn't tell me where the shuttle to got o the airport was and I waited at the wrong entrance and. missed it - I had to spend 11.00 for an uber＞＞ Lesson learned

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Absolutely awful. I booked through hotel tonight and got to the hotel around 11 pm - they say they’re sold out and have no rooms. Hotel tonight is a reputable site - I already prepaid too - they offered no help and would not offer to help me - please do not stay here! No matter what there are so many better airport hotels around the Atlanta airport - they will leave you high and dry

Positive: I felt safe andvrelaxed Negative: ""

great hospitality

Great hotel! Right by the airport!

Great location with good access to the shuttle service starting at 430 am every half hour. We had some concerns with our ac but they tried their best to get us taken care of and offered fans to keep us cool. They also comped our breakfast for the inconvenience. Breakfast was above par continental buffet style. A bit pricey over all considering but for convenience sake it is good for airport proximity.

Positive: Close to Atlanta Airport Negative: Specifically chose this hotel because it had a restaurant and bar in the lobby. Bar closes at 11:00 P.M. but the bartender told me she wanted to close early, and would not serve me at 10:24 even though there were other customers sitting at the bar.6-15-24

Great place food and hospitality

BE CAREFUL LOOKING AT THERE HOTEL...SAID THEY HAVE KITCHEN IN ALL ROOMS NOT TRUE...

Grossest Hilton I’ve ever stayed at.  They put me in a room that stunk like cigarettes and the a/c would not turn on.

3.5 stars. Dated interior. It is technically a 4 star but alas it’s seen its best days.

Was a great stopover. Very professional service.

Didn’t have a room.  Went there recently for a friend’s birthday party in one of the ballrooms.  It was very nice and well kept building.  The bartender Aaron really made the party and the experience amazing!   I’ll return because of the lobby bartender Aaron’s professionalism and southern hospitality!!   Thanks Aaron.

The best airport hotel to be in

I really liked this hotel.  The staff was great at the front desk...very warm and welcoming.  I don't remember the bartender's name, but she was great...wonderful personality and very attentive.  I would have given five stars, but the room was seriously lacking in lighting.  There was a desk lamp and a stand up lamp on one side of the room which didn't give off much light.  With that said, I would stay here again the next time I'm in Atlanta.

Positive: Easy access Negative: The carpets in my room were stained. And I had issues with the gates to get in and out of the guest parking.

Ashley and Nefratita made my days fabulous. The breakfast and hospitable, welcoming service is remarkable!

Positive: Everyone was so nice the atmosphere was great even with my kids and loved the safety of using my room key to park Negative: Ventilation in the bathroom was awful and I wasn't aware of the non refundable $60 you gotta pay when you arrive for "incidentals"

Nothing extravagant but perfect for a stay near Hartsfield

I am TERRIFIED of dirty hotels and I am a light sleeper. I don't know why I bother traveling. But this hotel was perfect! We were on the 15th floor. The rooms, lobby, grounds, and hallway were clean. I didn't smell or see anything out of place in the beds, fridge, or bathroom. The staff were very nice. We also had our two dogs with us. The location is not actually at the airport and it's slightly away from downtown Atlanta. Thank goodness! No problem with traffic near the hotel and no noise from the street. We must have been lucky but we didn't even hear any of our neighbors.

Close to airport and a beautiful hotel with a few pools

I needed to be at the Atlanta airport for an early flight and so I stayed at the Hilton overnight. It’s very quiet for its proximity to the airport. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. The shuttle leaves every 1/2 an hour to the airport, and it was a quick and easy trip. I had a great stay and would gladly chose this location again.

This hotel has been updated since the last time I stayed there.  Looks more modern and very clean.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Fridge was removed, curtain torn, no chai in coffee stand, ice machine out of order. Beds are comfortable, shuttle frequent, desk staff and cleaning staff very helpful.

Management contacted me and confirmed that the problems were fixed. Very quick response. Recommended place to stay.

Good! Airport shuttle is available from 4am and its only for domestic airport

Had dinner at the restaurant, and the servers had attitudes towards us. They hated being asked questions. The little light skin gal with a nose ring. She does not belong to the service industry.

unsafe and staff is unhelpful, do NOT go here

Check in staff were very rude , you would think they would be nice to all customers , especially diamond members . But guess not . Location is nice though for aviation geeks.

Essence and Ms. Rosetta were the most outstanding people i have ran into. They made my stay at this location one of the best stays i have ever had at a hotel. If you are ever in Atlanta go by and see them you will not regret it.

Average but the srlecuritu guy was on a real power trip

Very clean, comfortable, great staff and location.

Stayed here when visiting Delta and the Delta flight museum.  Shuttle runs from the airport every 30 minutes.  Staff was professional and hospitable and room was as to be expected for an airport Hilton hotel.

Room came with the fitness center.

I was there for one night, didn’t have to pay for parking (I don’t know if that was because they were having issues with their system or if that’s standard for this hotel) and the food was decent.

The rooms were better than average for something by an airport. The place was busy but clean.

I have no real complaints about this hotel.

Easy location for me and my friends to meet for dinner after work. Great restaurant inside hotel Red Southern Kitchen.

Dirty room.  No soap.  Toilet seat actually dirty.  Looks like someone vomited on it.  Stains on bed.  Stains on furniture.  Carpet obviously not  vacuumed.  Remote control not working

Zakeria, Tori and Aaron were amazing and provided fantastic service.

John is the best.

I loved my room, the room service dinner I ordered was great, and the ladies at the front desk were very nice and helpful.

Terrible customer service.  Concierge just forgets requests, Restaurant WAY over priced and not especially good.

Very convenient to the Atlanta airport.  The shuttle service was fantastic.  They went above and beyond helping me to navigate the busy airport during holiday season.  The staff was very friendly and my room was very clean!

Worst  customer service ever experienced. I booked room 1/28-1/30. I planned  to check in early morning on the 29th, so I booked an earlier date. I also used Hilton App Chat function to leave many messages to keep my room. (Bon Voy App, when you leave message on Chat, the hotel will respond when they get to it. Never fails. You are not talking with robot. ) Not sure whether I was talking with robot or person, I requested to speak to person and I left numerous messages.
When I landed at 5 am,  my Hilton App showed my room was cancelled. So I  called the hotel. She said my room was cancelled due to no communication with the hotel. I told her, I left messages on your App  Chat function, did anyone read it? ( I guess no one did)
Rather than give me the room back and find ways to solve this issue, she started to keep repeating my room was cancelled and I will be charged for the penalty.  I kept pleading my case, that I left messages on Chat with the hotel, why no one reads it and respond?
This circular conversation went back and forth going no where.  It got to be frustrated and made me  feel like an idiot when she  kept repeating the same phrase like I did not understand it the first three times. I tried to stop her as she began to  sound like a broken record player and all I wanted was  to have a conversation on  ways to get my room back. ( a good customer service would listen more rather than keep lecturing on customer). Then she began to accused me of raising my voice. I said, madam, I am in the airplane, full of people around me. I have to purposely suppress  my voice. How can I even raise my voice?. Totally absurd and uncalled for.

If the hotel keeps our conversation on tape, they could  use it as a case study as What Not to Do.
1) Not only does she not have the skill to solve an easy issue.  2) Rather than deescalate, she escalated. 3) Never accuse your customer of something that is untrue.

After I called Hilton Claims, they emailed me saying they will contact the hotel and get back to me. Nope. After several days, I’m emailed back, and this time the Claims department wanted me to solve this issue with the hotel on my own, After I emailed more detailed of the incident, they said they will contact the hotel and get back to me in three days. Nope. I guess they never did contact the hotel in their first email.  There is No Honor is their HHonor.

All I wanted was to refund my first night as the hotel dropped the ball and mistakenly canceled my room.

It is so noisy.  Unless you’re able to get a room above the 3rd floor, save your money and just try to sleep in the bar. It’s midnight now and no sign that things are winding down out there.

ay at Hilton Atlanta Airport!

I had a fantastic experience at the Hilton Atlanta Airport. The hotel has beautiful views, especially at sunset, and a stylish, comfortable lobby. The highlight was the shrimp and grits at the restaurant—delicious and perfectly cooked! It’s also very close to the airport and rental car return, which was super convenient. The fitness center was top-notch with everything I needed for a great workout. Highly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure!

This hotel charged me twice, and Room 1205 has a severe bed bug infestation.

The hallways are not vacuumed. Gross really.
7th floor is usually better kept for Diamond members. Not! Smelled like Pot in the hallways.
Hampton a I stay away from as they are sometimes old and delapitated. I am thinking of ditching the Hilton Gardens after this experience.. was not greeted as a Diamond member nor given water.. big PASS on this hotel.. not sure if the other Hilton garden is any better.. see if management even responds..

Shamika the guest service agent was amazing during my stay here. She was extremely knowledgeable as well as helpful. I had some personal things going on and her kind words brightened my day. She was patient and sincere with her words of encouragement!

We have stayed here a few times and overall I think the hotel is okay, rooms aren't standout but they aren't bad, could have more elevators but that is only a problem during peak times and is a common issue with older buildings. Overall I would recommend this hotel. And the area it is in really helps that recommendation.
However make sure to ask if anything costs extra as we were allowed early check in but found out it cost $85 after the fact when we got the bill. We had another friend checking in right after and they weren't told this either, if it was just me I would have thought that I just missed hearing it.

The hotel is really nice but the restaurant is a little pricey.

Huge shoutout to Norman from hotel security. After I had already checked out, he personally ran up to my room to retrieve the headphones I accidentally left behind and made sure I got them back before leaving.

Professional, kind, and genuinely helpful. It’s the little moments like that that turn a good hotel stay into a great one. Thank you, Norman!

Very nice hotel with clean rooms and professional staff. The check-in process was fast, and housekeeping kept everything in excellent condition. Enjoyed the comfortable bed, free WiFi, and relaxing environment. Everything about the stay felt smooth and enjoyable.

Was in town for a conference in May 2026. Spent a night at this Hilton. This property is well managed and maintained and I did not have any issues during my stay. Staff was very friendly and pleasant. Equally helpful. My room was as advertise and it was decorated in the appropriate Hilton fashion. While it may feel dated, it wasn't. It was clean and well kept. I also had a few drinks at Trader's Vic and that as nice Polynesian themed drinking and dining place on the bottom floor of the hotel. They do have frequent live music there as well. There is a sizeable events floor and must be popular for conferences or large meetings. There's a very nice shop/commissary setup and can get just about anything or gifts you'd care to get. I would stay here again when in town. Getting from here to the Georgia Congress center was easy as well. Walk of about 20 minutes or if you are adventurous you can hop on to one of the many electric scooters and get around. No complaints during this stay.

The hotel is nice; but what really sets it apart is the staff. They were very friendly and helpful, even when there was a massive rush of people checking in. And, when we were checking out, Norman (security) saw me struggling with carrying coffee and trying to push the luggage cart and came over to help and saved my morning (and coffee.) He absolutely went above and beyond made me appreciate the hotel and staff even more.

I went to the restaurant for the buffet breakfast and it was pretty good, but I was very impressed with the quality of the service.  Shi seemed to always be there we I needed something, which was not often because she seemed to anticipate almost all of my needs before I asked.  It definitely made the experience a step above the rest.

We had a really great stay! staff was kind and helpful, especially Shaun Fails, they went above and beyond to make sure we had a great stay. Would definitely go again!

Mr.Fails was very helpful and professional with taking my luggage and making sure everything is was ok

Very good, good rooms and the workers are great.

My visit started a little slow upon check-in; the server was down. But the manager kept us informed and offered us cold bottles of Water. All of the staff has been really quite wonderful. This morning for breakfast, the hostess was extremely accommodating. The look on her face says she truly loves her job.
I'll be back. Good job!

Fun, centrally located, and reasonable.

Location is good but too many of my friends and myself got messed up bills and we're heavily overcharged. The rooms are ok but lack a microwave and the fridge isn't strong.

I can’t say enough good things about this hotel! The rooms are spacious and clean, plus the staff went above and beyond to help us out. The rooftop pool is a perfect spot to unwind after a busy day!

The views from the room were actually stunning! But honestly, the room felt a little dated for a 4-star hotel, and the elevators took forever. 😫 It's a decent place to crash if you're in the city for a bit, but I was expecting a little more for the price. It was fine, just not amazing

I just ate at the restaurant and our waitress Shi ♡. She is absolutely incredible. If you want some good eats and amazing energy. Get the beautiful , sweet and amazing Shi and thank her for her energy and smile. It brightened my day and morning ♡♡♡

Excellent customer service provided during my checkin. Shamika was very professional and courteous, made us feel very welcome and excited for our stay.

I appreciate Shamika checking in. She was so funny and very informative! She made my hard day that much better!

Can't recommend Trader Vics enough-its an ATL gem and Shetu was such a delight! The staff is passionate and knowledgeable about the restaurant and got me excited about the history as well!

We ate dinner at Trader Vic’s for the first time - what a wonderful experience! Our server, Samantha, went above and beyond to make sure we had a perfect time. The food was delicious and the drinks were great too!

We ate dinner at Trader Vic’s for the first time - what a wonderful experience! Our server, Samantha, went above and beyond to make sure we had a perfect time. The food was delicious and the drinks were great too!

It's fine despite in FWA (Furry Weekend Atlanta) the hotel decided to deactivate the elevator buttons from 1pm-1am whicheans we had to either wait in line or walk up X flights of stairs.. lots of furries were upset about it.. imagine you're in the 14th floor and they don't stop for that floor unless someone gets out of the floor. Best as well take the stairs and get exercise. Smh

S/o to Samantha at Trader Vics!!! Thank you for your Hospitality!!!

The location of this hotel was amazing and at the front desk Rosalyn was absolutely amazing! We loved our stay and time at the Hilton Atlanta! I absolutely loved the water pressure in the room as well.

Everything is good, except the AC sounds. And I met Shamika at the front desk when I checked in. She is so kind and very nice service 😀 |The location is downtown, so it's easy to reach the Coca-Cola Museum and Aquarium.

So far not good. First day the hotel room sink dripping water on the handles and the toilet was not working, had to request a new room within 15 minutes after arrival, which by the way was not offered but we had to request it. They were going to do the repair in the morning so the bathroom will not work all night. Such a disappointment for an expensive hotel. Also hotel does not have complimentary breakfast or snacks? Seriously?

a little outdated. But overall very nice. The floor was comfortable🤣

Hilton Atlanta was on par with expectations for the Hilton brand. The hotel was clean and our room was nicely decorated and laid out well. Most importantly (in the room) the bed was comfortable.

The standout for me was their staff. Every single person we interacted with was professional and friendly. The front desk staff were helpful and very courteous.

If this sounds like an advertisement- I felt like I was in a commercial staying there (in the best possible way.)

The last thing I will add is that they were completely booked- 100% occupancy and they still did so well!

Greg  in security it's great and provides great service

Super lovely and cozy tiki bar that hosts and serves for conventions at this hotel!! They have a secret menu where I tried this Trader Vic's Atlanta Peanut Butter Crack Mai Tai that tasted like a savory chicken satay 🥵

We arrived early and requested our bags be held until the room is ready, instead they were able to check us in to a room that was already available. The bedroom was large, bathroom small. There were dirty tissues found under the desk that was missed and missed the one day we had housekeeping clean our room. This is a very big hotel. The day we opted for house keeping services, we left our room at 8 am and returned at 5pm and the room was still not cleaned, it was cleaned when we returned back 45 minutes later. We had a nice view of the pickleball and basket ball courts. We looked to borrow the pickleball paddles but they were not in great condition so we returned them quickly. The lobby is big with a Market Place Bar and little Café area (no free coffee) and a little grab and go station. The roof top bar was “temporarily” closed, and in the basement was a Hawaiian restaurant but very expensive. We were on the 10th floor, there are ample elevators that moved quickly. We were disappointed that there was no outdoor area to sit outside to relax. There is a small area off the 5th floor designated for smokers with some chairs but not much do to out there besides sit. We walked across to the Marriott which was lovely. The staff were friendly. The Hotel was located about ½ a mile from the nearest MARTA station, Peachtree Center. Peachtree is located on the red and gold lines, both will get you to the airport. The hotel was about within 1 mile to MLK, Cenntenial Park, the aquarium, and about 2 miles to Ponce City Market, Piedmont Park and Krog Street Market. We did a lot of walking and the hotel was in an area with a lot of homeless.

We arrived early and requested our bags be held until the room is ready, instead they were able to check us in to a room that was already available. The bedroom was large, bathroom small. There were dirty tissues found under the desk that was missed and missed the one day we had housekeeping clean our room. This is a very big hotel. The day we opted for house keeping services, we left our room at 8 am and returned at 5pm and the room was still not cleaned, it was cleaned when we returned back 45 minutes later. We had a nice view of the pickleball and basket ball courts. We looked to borrow the pickleball paddles but they were not in great condition so we returned them quickly. The lobby is big with a Market Place Bar and little Café area (no free coffee) and a little grab and go station. The roof top bar was “temporarily” closed, and in the basement was a Hawaiian restaurant but very expensive. We were on the 10th floor, there are ample elevators that moved quickly. We were disappointed that there was no outdoor area to sit outside to relax. There is a small area off the 5th floor designated for smokers with some chairs but not much do to out there besides sit. We walked across to the Marriott which was lovely. The staff were friendly. The Hotel was located about ½ a mile from the nearest MARTA station, Peachtree Center. Peachtree is located on the red and gold lines, both will get you to the airport. The hotel was about within 1 mile to MLK, Cenntenial Park, the aquarium, and about 2 miles to Ponce City Market, Piedmont Park and Krog Street Market. We did a lot of walking and the hotel was in an area with a lot of homeless.

Angie is great, enjoyed her positive attitude and upbeat nature. Her services was swift she was great to talk with

Angie is great!! Love her

Mike was really helpful, helped me find my panel!

The rooms were decent, but everything was old, it’s time for renovations. The service nice but someone at the front desk told us the parking was $40.00 for the whole stay only to find out later they charged us $40.00 a night, absolutely not cool, plus we had to make a parking spot in the first night because the hotel was packed. They only charge $25.00 a night at the garage across the street

Norman was an absolute pleasure and very swift with the service to help replace the battery in our door. Amazing service and energy

My biggest issue with this hotel is some of the elevator staff were extremely rude for the event,

I love waiting 45 minutes for the elevators

Hotel itself was pretty dated, including the rooms, but the bathroom was modern.

Mattress pad kept coming off, it was too small. There was a flat sheet on the mattress instead of a fitted. And the pillows were waaaaaaaay too soft, even putting 2 together.

AC went off and on every 15-20 mins, which was ANNOYING. Especially for someone dealing with menopause. But on our last night it never stopped running, also never cooled off, even on 66 degrees. When we were checking out the hallways of our floor were toasty as well.

Great view of the city tho. Just what I wanted, just wasn’t expecting to hear the interstate being on the 22nd floor.

Probably won’t be returning to THIS location.
Hopefully other Hilton’s are better.

Samantha was nice and the food and recommendations were prefect. thanks

Samantha at Trader Vic’s was incredibly accommodating for such a large group of us, and she went above and beyond to make sure we were all welcomed and well taken care of. We had a lovely dinner together, and it was all thanks to her and her great help!

Tiwanda was very helpful and nice

Amazing hotel to stay in. Shoutout to Tewanda for helping us up and keeping the line going.

Sam is a great server, food was awesome, I couldn't recommend this experience more. The grilled shrimp with the Cauliflower & Potato Curry was absolutely fire. Original Mai Tais are the best Ive ever had!

Chryslin was charming and so lovely! She made my husband’s birthday extra special. She’s an asset to your business 💙💙💙 KellyB

We’ve stayed here several times over the years and the staff and service has always been excellent, but Rosalyn down at the front desk was incredibly helpful and seriously deserves a shout-out for helping make our fourth stay here so much better. Thank you!!

Stayed the weekend. Found two bottles (assuming they had pee in them) on the floor we were staying on. Reported it multiple times to both the Front Desk AND security. When brought up to security, security was accusational. By the time we left, staff had still not done anything about it. Also attempted to report via the website chat feature to which the Front Desk never responded.

Additionally, the prices in the shops downstairs are outrageous. There’s also no breakfast service, which doesn’t reflect what the prices imply.

Really liked Letitia Luan in breakfast place. Traffic noise on 23rd floor? No gift shop, no dining Sundays. Learn to live with less.

The food is very nice and the service was excellent thank to Samantha 🫶🏼

Samantha was amazing and took care of us.

Samantha at Trader Vic’s was a terrific server. She was knowledgeable, so nice & really hustled too.  Thanks!

I feel like I'm being EXTREMELY nice with a 2 star review.  First we'll discuss parking.  I was forced to park underground in a remote parking garage where my truck BARELY fit.  You can't pull up out front and get out and register. You have to go park, and walk an incredibly long way just to check in.  Our room.....basic 2 bed room....couldn't get any hot water for a shower no matter what time we tried to shower, and for $250 a night, I expect hot water....like REALLY hot.  Also, you have to BEG for housekeeping,  and that's just plain sorry.  Again,  for $250 a night, I expect a VERY clean room EVERYDAY without asking.  The hotel has paid too much attention to restaurants and such and not enough to common courtesy for guests. Do yourself a favor, and stay somewhere else. You'll be glad you did, and you can thank me later.  I have been extremely disappointed in this place.

Best hotel I have stayed in.

Trader Vic’s is so good! We try to go at least once a month and everytime the food is amazing, the service is exceptional and  Samantha was our waitress and she was absolutely brilliant! The manager was extraordinary too. Nothing in the world is better than walking in and being told Aloha by a friendly face. 5 stars everyday!!!

Food portions were outstanding. ||I’ve been to Trader Vic’s for drinks but finally came for the full experience of a meal and was not disappointed.  (Ribs were awesome and leftovers to take home.)||Service was thorough and attentive. ||Crystal was excellent and very know about the menu with great recommendations.

Delicious and Romantic.  Chryslin 's recommendations were perfect and exactly what we were looking for!

Lais is fantastic!

I would like to recognize Donna from the Internal Security Team at Hilton Atlanta for the exceptional care and professionalism she showed my family during a very stressful situation.

My daughter was staying at the hotel with her school competition group and accidentally left behind the battery charger for her very expensive camera after checking out on 04/29. Once she realized it after flying home, there were a lot of tears and anxiety.

When I called the hotel, I was transferred to Donna in security. Instead of simply taking a message and promising a callback, Donna personally took the initiative to investigate right away. Within minutes, she called me back to confirm she had located the charger.

Her compassion, urgency, and willingness to go above and beyond meant so much to our family, especially on what was clearly a very busy checkout day with many school groups leaving. Employees like Donna are exactly why we have remained loyal Hilton members for so many years.

Please make sure Donna receives the recognition she deserves for her outstanding customer service, kindness, and integrity. Thank you for taking the time to read this review.

My significant other and I went here for an anniversary and were BLOWN away by the service. Our waitress, Ms. Chryslin, went above and beyond with her service, and made it a night we’d never forget.

The food? Freaking amazing! I got the drunken noodles (great flavor and the steak in it was so tender and yummy). The salmon (something something) was also raved about by my significant other.

On top of everything, the manager came out to check on us and really made us feel special and welcomed here on our first time here.

10/10 will be coming back!

The ladies in the restaurant went above and beyond for me. They only had buffet and not menu. I really wanted French toast and they had the kitchen make it for me. It really meant a lot to me.

They scewed our room up.Then when they fixed it they delayed our check in time to 8pm.Due to a error on there part.We have to miss dinner it family do to this.

Very nice hotel, clean and comfortable.

So nice and favorite destination for the day anytime 😊

The security office Greg was kind, polite and helpful. He recommended the use of the digital key and to access it on the Hilton Honor apps.

Greg in security personally saved my trip. He helped me acquire my volleyball from the club next door and made my week. His tenacity and dedication to his job is admirable, and I will forever remember his help whenever I use my ball or visit a Hilton hotel.

Biggest problem was elevator traffic.  Very long waits up and down.

Rooms are okay, location is fine, but the wifi is trash and does not work if there are any reasonable amount of people on-site.

If I could give this place zero stars, I would completely overpacked couldn’t even move in the lobby because of convention they obviously overbooked this hotel. Staff is not helpful.

If you enjoy spending your entire vacation waiting for an elevator, then this is the place for you. Otherwise, stay anywhere else. The management here is unhelpful and overbooked the property without the infrastructure to handle it.
I have been stuck waiting for over 40 minutes just to get down from my room, and then waited over an hour just to get back up. When I complained to the Front Office, their  solution was to tell me to use the housekeeping elevators—which were also completely overrun by convention kids.
The staff is not accommodating, the logistics are a nightmare, and they clearly do not care about the experience of guests who aren't part of the big convention. I would never bring my family here. This place is a disorganized mess and a total waste of money. Consider yourself warned.

Had an amazing experience at Trader Vic’s in Atlanta, Georgia! The atmosphere was classic tiki perfection—fun, vibrant, and the perfect place to relax and enjoy top-tier cocktails. What really made the night special were the bartenders, Salam and Milenko. Both were friendly, knowledgeable, and clearly passionate about their craft.

The drinks were outstanding, but the highlight of the night was the Atlanta Peanut Butter Crack Mai Tai made by Salam. It was creative, smooth, and packed with incredible tropical flavor—easily one of the best cocktails I’ve ever had. You can tell a lot of care and skill went into every drink.

Milenko was also fantastic, bringing great energy and service that made the whole experience even better. If you’re in Atlanta and looking for an unforgettable tiki bar experience with amazing drinks and excellent bartenders, Trader Vic’s is the place to go. Can’t wait to come back!

Trader Vic’s was a wonderful dinner experience. We can wait to go back next time we are in Atlanta. Our server Samantha was  outstanding.

Omg the people that work here all of them cleaning ladies,customer service, kitchen staff I mean all of them were just amazing thank you so much

Dear Hilton Atlanta Management Team,
I wanted to take a moment to recognize the exceptional service provided by Chelsie, the housekeeper who cared for my son and me during our stay in room 1840.
Chelsie did a superb job in every aspect of her work. She was attentive, professional, and consistently went above and beyond to ensure our comfort. What truly stood out was her wonderful personality—she brought warmth and positivity to our stay, which made a lasting impression on both of us.
It’s employees like Chelsie who keep guests coming back. Her dedication and professionalism reflect incredibly well on your hotel, and I genuinely believe she deserves recognition, if not a promotion.
Thank you for maintaining such high standards of service, and please extend my sincere appreciation to Chelsie.
Sincerely.
Frances and Rashod

You must visit Chef Theresa in Southern Elements for the breakfast buffet. She is the definition of Southern hospitality. Thanks for the granola!

We attended the 50th Anniversary of Trader Vic’s. The special dinner with rum pairings was fantastic. The room was comfortable and the view spectacular.

Must try. Bucket list  location for tiki

Old old bathrooms
And service was not good

Don’t come here

Really bad experience

Don’t come here
This place needs a complete remodel of their bathroom and service was not good

Trader Vic's has great ambiance, music, service, and food.  Our server Samantha was awesome!! I also want to give a shout out to Maurice who knows the history of the restaurant and drinks ...& Shouts out to the hostess Jada who gave great customer service!! A definite come back!! 😁

Today is my birthday and I’m so glad I came here! The food was amazing! The hospitality was amazing! Maurice is very knowledgeable about the history, drinks and food. Jada the host greeting us with a smile. Samantha our waitress was also amazing and knowledgeable about the history and food! Thank you all!

★★★★★ Excellent Stay & Outstanding Service

I had a great experience during my recent stay, and I truly appreciate the level of service provided. As a Hilton Honors member, I value the rewards program, and this stay definitely contributed positively toward my progress—it’s always good to see those points adding up and working toward Gold status.

A special thank you to Lias for making the experience even better. The check-in process was smooth, welcoming, and professional. Lias provided excellent service, took the time to make sure everything was in order, and even gave helpful information on how to leave a review and maximize my experience as a guest.

Customer service like this makes a difference. Between the rewards benefits and the quality of service, I would absolutely stay here again and recommend this hotel to others.

Enjoyed staying here. Service was outstanding and room was spotless. Loved the view from my room.

Attended a convention. Came from out of state. | No complimentary coffee or tea. Everything was $$, Bottle of milk and a cup of coffee in one of the only two places open cost almost $13.00.   For the size of this place, three restaurants and one snack shop, it was surprising my minimal for eating places.||The cost of parking was $ 25 more than self-park right down the street.|The room? We have stated in cheaper places with nicer rooms than this.  The exorbitant cost is not worth this hotel.|||On the plus side, the bellhops and other services were very accommodating and friendly.

We were placed in the incorrect room from what we booked and we went to Lais was able to get us in the correct room very quickly. Thank you for accommodating us, we enjoyed our stay at Hilton Atlanta. This was my second stay and will definitely return!

It took longer than usual to check in. You have to pay $40 a night to park. No breakfast included and the buffet there is $40 a person. If you have paid already and booked online be prepared to be charged another $75 when you arrive for a security deposit that they will refund when you leave. The doors are loud. You can hear other people coming and going. People in other rooms were loud late at night. You can hear them from your room. 3 pillows per bed. Rooms are not any higher quality or cleaner than anywhere else I've stayed. I've seen better and cleaner for lower cost. The whole hotel smelled like marijuana. The mini fridge was turned off and took hours to cool. The TV's are outdated and have very few channels. I would not reccomend to anyone and I will never stay at another Hilton. Some family was staying there as well in other rooms and it was consistently a very bad experience for everyone. Hilton did not meet expectations.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Anita Eltorro was Great. Thanks for all your help

Phillip, the security guard was very helpful during our stay here. Beautiful hotel!

The air conditioning in the room is deficient

Anita El Torro in Security was a great help!

Came back to the hotel again and it was nice and quiet I was with my friends and once everything was excellent and the security officer Shaun Fails was around at the time we was leaving and he offered to help us with our luggage to our vehicle and I was very thankful for that!

Absolutely terrible hotel. Mold in the shower. Rude concierge. Nothing works. No room service.

Peter and demetri are the best they went above and beyond great service love the laughs and treated me and my man with so much respect

It was a great hotel for a business conference. Cool architecture, lots of space, great location downtown.

Close but not exactly where you want to be or the level of update on the rooms

This review is specifically for Trader Vic’s!

Our entire experience here was incredible. We had a difficult time finding the location because the hotel had an event going on and it was super busy, so the hostess came to us, found us, and escorted us to the bar! I didn’t catch her name, but she was so sweet and unbothered about having to find us.

The bartender was also incredible, but I also sadly didn’t catch his name. Just a real team player. He brought our drinks to the table when our waitress was busy making table side banana fosters, and again, was completely unbothered and so friendly.

Lastly, our waitress, Chryslin, was absolutely amazing. She was so sweet, funny, and attentive, and it felt like we were just hanging out with a friend. She did an amazing job and made sure we were well taken care of. Everything we ordered was delicious, and the drinks were STRONG. Outstanding experience from beginning to end! Highly recommend a visit here.

I had a great experience during my stay at the Hilton hotel downtown Atlanta. The young lady who registered me in my colleague was so very patient taking the time to set up my Room reservation since there was a glitch on my end. The security guard, Norman, was so very helpful and making sure that my Debit card was returned to me after I had left it at the restaurant. I am so very thankful for all the staff at the Hilton Hotel as he waiter at the southern element restaurant team tagged to get me my debit card back. I highly recommend this hotel to everyone!

The entire stay was awesome.  I was greeted by Lais at the front desk and her hospitality and friendliness set the tone for the entire weekend.

Norman was very helpful opening my safety box which was locked

Peter and dimitar are the whole reason I'm leaving this review right now. Peter was my bartender but the way him and dimitar were taking care of everyone with a smile on there face... amazing. I also must add Peter had the best long island I've had in years!!!!! Im coming back for that alone.

The room that I was put in originally turned out to have roaches. They politely moved me to another room, but I was paranoid the whole time. I felt that I couldn't unpack because taking bugs home was not an option.
I had to ask room service to not just make my bed, but change my sheets after I realized that I had the same dirty sheets on the bed as when I left.
On the flip side the manager and staff were very accommodating and understanding, but they offered nothing else but an apology and to move me to a different room. I'm sure that this is not indicative of the Hilton brand, but it wasn't a great experience for me.

Great service

We had the most incredible experience thanks to Shetu! From the moment we sat down, he made us feel truly special. We were celebrating our first anniversary, and he went above and beyond to make the night unforgettable.||His attention to detail, warm personality, and genuine care for our experience did not go unnoticed. Every recommendation he made was perfect, and he checked in just the right amount to make sure everything was flawless without ever being intrusive.||Shetu turned a simple dinner into a meaningful, memorable celebration for us. If you have the chance to be served by him, consider yourself lucky — he is truly exceptional at what he does. We can’t wait to come back!

Trader Vic’s was a great experience and our server Shetu was so fun and made sure to make our date night a memorable one. Thank you!

Sheri was the best server we’ve had. So kind and friendly- he made our date night the best.

Enjoyed staying at the Hilton. Very convenient, rooms are nice, and staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Restaurants are in walking distance. The security officer, Anita Eltorro was very helpful and very professional.

I stayed at the Hilton Atlanta the NIGHT BEFORE  MY  WEDDING and specifically booked and paid for a Deluxe King Suite months in advance because I needed the extra space to get ready with my bridal party the next morning.

Unfortunately, upon arrival, I was given a standard King Suite instead of the room type I reserved. When I brought this to the front desk’s attention, I was told there was nothing that could be done. I also spoke with the manager on shift the night of March 28th, whose response was to “read the fine print,” which was not only dismissive but incredibly disappointing given the significance of the occasion.

While I understand that booking through a third party like my case (capital one travel) may come with certain limitations, providing a lower room category without any effort to resolve the issue or even show basic empathy is unacceptable.

I paid for a specific room for a once-in-a-lifetime moment, and the hotel failed to deliver both the service and professionalism expected. I hope future guest, especially those booking for important events have a better experience. A little empathy and care would have gone a long way.

I paid $60 for valet on 4/5/26, and they left my car—valued at over $100k with a recent $6k paint job—parked under a tree in the rain. As expected, it was covered in debris, with leaves stuck all over the hood, roof, and trunk. Had it not been so dark when we left, I would have taken photos.

To make matters worse, when I went inside to address this with valet, the supervisor said he had questioned why the car was parked under a tree when he arrived for his shift. He claimed the previous attendant told him that’s what I requested, which is completely untrue. I explained that even if I had asked for the car to be left up front, parking it under a tree in the rain makes no sense.

I even asked if this was supposed to be a Hilton or a Motel 6, given the level of service. The supervisor offered no apology, no refund—nothing. He simply said I could come back the next day, but couldn’t explain what that would accomplish.

This was easily the most irresponsible and unprofessional valet experience I’ve ever had. 0/10, do not recommend. The rooms are very basic as well. I definitely won’t be staying here again.

I spent a night here, and it did it's job fine. The view isn't the best, considering I paid more for a better view, but it didn't really matter to me. The desk agent was very kind and helpful about my digital card issues and helped me get a physical key. The location is not far from downtown, and it really doesn't get any better. The queen beds are frankly quite small. It fit 2 people but didn't leave much room. But overall a great hotel to stay at. (No comment available on food, restaurants closed during my stay)

Everyone were very polite and professional. Ms. Immocula in the Southern Cafeteria took care of all of our needs and she was very polite.

I love this place..... location is great just far enough but still close to everything.  The rooms were clean and spacious. The bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was a little dated it had a tub which was not necessary for our needs, I should have ordered a walk in shower.  But plenty of hot water. Everything else was clean and in working order.  We pre paid our parking so you just drive around to the parking entrance scan the QR code park enter the hotel check in and go to your room. There is a pre checkin feature that allows you to go to your room directly eliminating the counter visit. They send you a QR code so you can open your hotel room with  your phone. How cool is that! The lobby is very spacious plenty of seating, TV's , restaurants, convenience store Bar. I thought we made a great choice. I hope you do too.
Enjoy!

Have been coming here for years and the breakfast buffet and service is over the top wonderful kids love it.

The hotel provides nice clean rooms. There is plenty of parking in the garage underneath. The location is 16 minute walking distance to the Georgia Aquarium and 22-minute walking distance to the MLK Jr National Historic Park. The hotel room provides wifi and refrigerator. The hotel was quiet. Staff was very friendly. No complimentary breakfast, but there is a store of the first floor that provides quick breakfast options. Overall, we like this hotel. We wish they offered two queen size beds instead of two double beds.

Did not stay here, we dined at Trader Vics.

Clean with comfortable beds

Samantha and Julio at traders vic unbelievable food and service recommend to anyone passing thru atlanta

Mike with security is an absolute rockstar. Had a minor issue that he fixed immediately and professionally. I highly recommend staying at this location.

Front desk doesn’t care about their guest request. All they do is being on their phones and polishing their nails.

I was greeted and welcomed to the all you can eat breakfast at southern element and my waitress Immacula makes the BEST SWT TEA I’ve ever had. She knew her stuff and explained how everything worked,  as I was confused 🙏🏼😉  she needs a raise lol.ty rm1522
I also wanted to give huge thanks to Theresa in the kitchen, she runs that breakfast bar like it’s her own, perfectly temetured food all around and overwhelming kindness to customers request, making the experience great …!!!!

I rarely leave negative reviews, but this experience at Hilton Atlanta was extremely disappointing. Room for my coach was great however customer service was terrible. We were here for Big South National Qualifier.

We completed a credit card authorization form ahead of time for one of our coaches, followed all instructions, and made multiple attempts to confirm everything was set. Despite calling several times, our calls were either ignored or disconnected; 3+ times.

When we finally arrived, after spending an extra $50 on an Uber from another hotel just to resolve the issue in person, the situation was still not handled properly. On top of that, the front desk staff was unprofessional and came across as rude, which made an already frustrating situation worse.

We are loyal Hilton members and stay with Hilton properties almost every time we travel. This was by far one of the worst service experiences we’ve had, and it has us seriously reconsidering that loyalty moving forward.

We expect better communication, professionalism, and respect; especially from a brand we’ve trusted for years.

Great location. Great price!

My hot water in the shower wouldn't stay hot.  I called at 10:45pm on this past Friday. Saturday I had to call and go to the front desk twice.  At 4:15pm someone finally came.  Your request are not prioritize.  8 elevators and only 2 was working properly.  The hotel was busy.

We were dealing with flight cancellations and forgot to call in and we came in and explained that and they weren’t accommodating at all. Sucky customer service.

The customer service i cannot complain it was excellent. The rooms are ok, the only problem I had was i saw a tick in my room.i reported it. I got my rooms changed i put the tick in a cup and took it to front desk to show them. Even though I got my rooms changed right away it was not the same my family and I was not enjoying the stay any more.

This hotel is way over priced for what you get. No breakfast or anything that comes with other Hilton hotels that charge much less. We will NOT stay at a straight Hilton again. It's simply not worth the money.

Hotel rooms need to be updated, you could see wear on furniture. Don’t get in a hurry to get to room, elevators take forever

Rooms are outdated including fixtures, decor, and the bathroom. Bathrooms were also small to the point that you have to touch the toilet to get out of the shower. The room just didnt feel like hilton quality to me. When I went to the front desk to ask if we were simply on a floor that had not yet been renovated, they said basically that all rooms were like that with the exception of their king suite. I was traveling with my friend so we required a double bed. The customer service and the lobby were hilton quality. I received a family and friends discount. If I would have paid full price, I would have been upset.

Atlanta is great...digging the Benz

Everything was great except the water pressure for the shower. The water came out really cold or really hot. The front desk was friendly and enjoyed the text feature to communicate with front desk. I wish they had another elevator that goes down to the parking garage. Can get backed up with a long line. Housekeeping ladies were friendly. Enjoyed the market there too. Variety of food and drinks to choose from..including pizza to salads to a quesadilla. Self parking was easy..plenty of spaces in garage..$35..

We had a great experience at the Hilton Atlanta, we are so grateful for Al at the front desk. From the moment I arrived, Al was welcoming, professional, and genuinely helpful. He made the check-in process quick and smooth, answered all my questions, and made sure I had everything I needed.

It’s not often you come across someone who goes the extra mile with such a positive attitude. Highly Recommend!

We went to Trader Vic’s on our last night of the trip on a whim and ended up having the best evening we could have ever imagined. Sue was able to assist us, seat us and get everything ready while our waitress was working on several other large tables at once. Once meeting our waitress, we had the absolute best time. So friendly, proud of her job and kind. We didn’t want to leave! Thank you so much Chryslin for making this wildcard plan of ours the best memory on our trip! If you go to Trader Vic’s— ask for Chryslin (and get the Bananas Foster 😉)

Elevator took 20 minutes to get us down, walls are thin, no vent in bathroom, called guest services 3 times in the morning and no one picked up each time, carpets smell of musk. Not the best experience.

NO ROOM SERVICE. I repeat both nights we stayed, couldn't get a hold of room service. Literally trying to give you money!! Rooms were fine, nothing fancy, but no room service. Plan ahead

Positive: The cleanliness and the staff friendliness Negative: None

Trader Vic’s. Toni was outstanding.  Went out of her way to help us!

Kind of outdated and a little old. Needs to have updates. Location is not too good, no great affordable food options nearby. Just an average stay. Staff at the front desk was friendly though.

This is my favorite hotel in Atlanta. I was truly lucky to stay here. I came for a conference and I got transferred over from the dusty, messy, and disorganized Courtland Grand hotel. This place is a true experience. The food is amazing the views are awesome the rooms are super clean and the staff was great. My mom came with me and I’m so thankful I was able to give her this Hilton experience.

We stayed at the Hilton and had a fabulous time! Trader Vics was soooo good I really enjoyed my mai tai! Cindy and Samantha took care of us and their service was unmatched!! I would absolutely come again!

Wonderful dinner at Trader Vic’s. Samantha and Cindy were amazing! Wanted an espresso martini and Samantha went upstairs to get the espresso. Great food and amazing service.

great location. dated rooms and poor accomodations on general. service sucks. my room smelled like smoke. slow elevators. ridiculous prices for quality of room. food prices even worse.

Courteous & helpful staff.  Clean room.

My AC has been set to 40 degrees for 5 days and it hasn't gotten below 70. Very slow internet. Showers leak into the room. Every store and restaurant in the hotel is ridiculously expensive. Don't get tricked into buying a $9 bottle of water.

I’ve been coming to Trader Vic’s for maybe 7 years and I’ve always been happy to see Salam Milenko behind the bar. They’re always happy to see me and treat me and whichever group I bring down well. It’s great to see the same crew each time I visit and know I’m going to get fantastic service

The best part of the Hilton is Trader Vic’s!!

Quint, our evening server in Southern Elements was fantastic! Very attentive and professional during a busy shift. He didn’t miss a beat! Thank you for taking great care of our family!

Great accommodations, if you are a light sleeper, you will hear a lot of street noise. We got connecting rooms, very convenient for kids. Rooms were clean, beds were comfortable and spacious.

The staff was very helpful.  Alexandria and Sheila helped me fix a problem with my room receipt and went out of their way to make sure I understood what happened.

I dialed in 3 days ahead to cancel my reservation but the service desk person didn't cancel and i saw transaction hold on the actual check in day and now i had to file a dispute ,poor service , poor communication and zero accountability.

Stayed here while in Atlanta for a work conference. Nice hotel, rooms could use a bit of a facelift but overall a great experience.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Trader Vic's is the best tiki bar I've ever been to. Thanks Milenko + Salam!

Milenko and Salam at Trader Vics are the absolute best. These guys perfectly exhibit Tiki Culture. Not all Tiki bars have such amazing staff. I wish I could live here.

Trader Vicks is a great restaurant the service is impeccable and the staff is great as well. Wonderful experience milekl Salan is great as well

I always love staying at the Hilton. Beautiful views and impeccable service.
I had dinner at Traders Vics for the first time and Sheta our server was phenomenal!

Good

Samantha did a fantastic job at Trader Vic’s! Delicious drinks and fast attentive service.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We ate dinner at Trader Vic’s and had such a nice time. Our server Samantha was so helpful and made our experience even better.

Chryslin at Trader Vic’s was amazing.    She is the best server for our party of 6.

We had a wonderful experience at the Hilton's Trader Vic's! Our hostess Tempest sweetly seated us with Samantha as our server. My friend and I both have some food allergies, and Samantha was happy to make note of them and ask the chef if he could accommodate them. They had a seafood special with risotto tonight and we decided to split it. She told Chef Julio about my allergies. There was one part of the entree that could be risky with my allergy, so he came up with a plan to change how he cooked the dish so that I didn't have to worry about my allergy at all. The seafood and risotto were so delicious! He brought the food out to our table and introduced himself. It was absolutely lovely. Samantha was an absolute delight as a server, we really enjoyed talking to her. I appreciate the care they showed to take care of us tonight. 10/10 not just 5/5. Can't wait to come back and dine with them again. You have to come to Trader Vic's!

I got piped in the hotel room. It was clean. I wasn’t ;)

We got stranded as a group at the Atlanta airport during the snowstorm that closed down Raleigh in early February the concierge‘s the staff, every aspect of this hotel functioning as a unit went out of its way to make a very trying and uncomfortable situation a pleasant one. I would highly recommend this exact hotel. Anytime anyone is going to Atlanta I personally will not stay anywhere else.

❤️❤️

The entire team here helped me get back a truly irreplaceable item and treated me kindly the entire time. Thank you everyone!!!

Passing through but stayed here specifically to go to Trader Vic's. Great experience. Decor is amazing, good food and great drinks. A shout out to our server Samantha, who was super nice and so attentive!

Quint in the restaurant was amazing
Jada in the marketplace was great to help me pick a coffee

Jason was the best.  Helped me navigate this amazing city.

We had a great dinner at Trader Vics. The tropical feel is amazing and unexpected in downtown Atlanta! Our server Samantha was over the top in service, knowledge of the menu (both food and beverage) and efficiency of service. We had a lovely time and will plan to return!

Mike in security did a good job taking care of us after the fire drill incident. He came up and addressed our concerns and appropriately compensated us for the inconvenience.

My son room was left unopen and someone came into room took the stuff and freely escaped from hotel without any cameras cuaght it despite its such a big hotel and so many security persons in lobby. Still the robber escpaed without leaving any clues and hotel says things happen in downtown atlanta . Hahaha what a joke. Stay in this hotel on your risk if you are going with kids or going to stay alone.

Inconsistent water temperature, weak water pressure, no real service followed by text or call, rollaway bed, which we had to figure out what it is by asking them, left right in front of the door, slow customer service. Not expected for a 4-star hotel. Unpleasant and disappointing.

I dined in at the restaurant Southern Elements. I had the Hilton Burger and it was great! Quint was my server and he has to be the best human being I have ever encountered in my entire life! Perfect food perfect service 1 Million out of 10!

They book WAY too many conferences at the same time. Makes it impossible to get to/from room on elevators.  I mean impossible.  I've waited more than 20 minutes to be on a packed elevator. The hotel is WAY overbooked and at the moment, I'm unable to get to my room-WAY too many young people who are attending a conference and packing the elevators.  I asked front desk for assistance but they are unwilling to assist. DO NOT STAY HERE if you are a couple/family trying to enjoy Atlanta.  Find another hotel.

HORRIBLE HOTEL HORRIBLE PLANNING CAME HERE WITH SCHOOL FOR OVER NIGHT FIELD TRIPS WAS PROMISED A TWO BED TO SHARE WITH 4 PEOPLE GOT A ROOM WITH NORMLA BED WITH NO SOFA AND DIDNT GET IT UNTIL 11:45 PM LATE AT NIGHT HORRIBLE PLANNING ORGANIZATION WOULD NOT RECOMMEND

Lovely. Samantha at Trader Vic’s was wonderful

Samantha and Tempest at Trader Vic’s and Alexis at the front desk all need to be promoted immediately.

Don't let the hotel lobby fool you—once you find the elevators to the lower level, you’re in a total tropical time capsule. We had an incredible night, and while the drinks were on point, Samantha truly made the evening. She was attentive, knowledgeable, and perfectly matched the laid-back, fun energy of the space. I’m writing this here because the QR code on-site redirects to Hilton hotel feedback, but this compliment is specifically for the Trader Vic’s team. Samantha is a rockstar and a huge part of why we’ll be back!

Was a great hotel. Much larger than I originally thought but it's also minutes away from everything somebody could want.

I stayed here last week as I was in Georgia for a convention. Hilton Atlanta had phenomenal rooms and service and I sincerely enjoyed my stay here. Extra points for good food at the in house cafe and restaurant. Overall I had a great experience and would 100% stay here again.

I went to this hotel for a Career Event hosted by APPA. I had to drive our company vehicle which is Ford Transit Cargo Van that sits right around 10ft tall. The vehicle I was driving could not fit in the Parking garage because it only had a 6ft clearance. I asked Jamel in Valet where I can park since the parking garage could not host my vehicle. He told me to park on the other side of breeze way behind 2 other government vehicles (as you can see on your security cameras). No other option was presented or given to park the cargo van. As I am ready to leave and I go to valet to ask about my van the lady (don’t remember her name) told me that it would be $45 for time I stayed for the event. I asked her if I can speak to her manger to see if the rate could be discounted or prorated considering my vehicle could not fit in the parking garage. She got her Manager Thomas and he did not provide any real assistance or possible ideas to help the situation. I told him that I don’t mind paying for parking, but requested if I could get $10 off since there were no places for me to park or options given. His lack of customer service and communication was well below par and needs to be elevated as he is in a “leadership role” at the Hilton hotel. All this could have been avoided with a better attitude, $10 off credit, and educating me (the paying customer) other options to park the over size vehicle I was driving. Disappointed and would not recommend.

Very nice rooms and facilities. The room was clean and updated. Mini fridge worked well. Elevators take some time when there are conferences or events going on.

Security Guard Greg helped me retrieve lost documents from a conference room tonight at 11:15. What a kind and considerate employee!  Thank you, thank you-

Mike from Security at Hilton at Atlanta. Fantastic response time to my concerns. Extremely helpful and polite and made the rest of my evening feel safe.

Thank you Mike

I received excellent service from Mike when I had an experience that needed to be addressed. He was prompt, friendly and thorough. I appreciated his course correction on something that was out of his control. My stay was nice and comfortable.

We had an inconvenience the night before check out but Mike in security helped us out with no problem and great communication skills. He handled it with no issues!

Mike in security is a absolute legend

This hotel felt like it was playing dress up. Great location, massive layout, and nothing ran smoothly. The elevators were dodgy, some people getting stuck in them for 45 minutes. Hotel rooms: food left in the fridge, multiple people checking in and having another person already in their room, towels having stains. Calling for a copy of your folio? forget it… no one answers, computer generated prompts that’s take you no where.

Wow we love mark.  He’s a super gentleman.  Went above and beyond. Mark knew little things about my family and was super genuine. Ten out of ten. He makes all the hiltons worth it. I wouldn’t stay at any other Hilton unless there’s a Mark.

Had dinner at Trader Vic's on the property, and the service provided by Chryslin was exceptional!

The security guards were fantastic! Always making sure everyone was safe!

Very nice hotel and Shaun was an amazing security guard always made sure we were good when leaving

Destiny at the front desk provided excellent customer service.

This hotel is way overpriced, super noisy, do not recommended this hotel at all, unfortunately too late for me, the rooms are very average, the bathroom is very small, the noise is just bad at this place,  no security at all, whatever person can access to the whole building including the halls at the rooms
HORRIBLE TRAFFIC to come here, be aware

A pretty terrible check in experience.  I arrived to a line out the door and 3 employees working, 1 just for priority check in. During a busy weekend with multiple conferences in town you should probably double up on coverage, this was a long, very painful process.

Security Officer Greg helped me out and provided us directions to a food location.

Yesterday’s evening food was excellent with excellent service provided from the attendant.

Today’s dinner was great, the salad was rich and chicken was tender.

Negatives/ meeting rooms upstairs were very cold- I had to inform hotel management several times to lower temperature.

Overall I was satisfied with the hotel.

Manuel Bonds Sr.

Amazing hotel. The staff is amazing and their service is outstanding. I have spent over a week in this establishment and have gotten top tier service everyday!!  A amazing black women chief with and menu that will make you come back for more!!!

We had such a wonderful stay at Hilton. From the moment we arrived, the staff was welcoming, professional, and incredibly accommodating. The property was clean, comfortable, and perfectly located — which made everything seamless for our busy weekend.

What really stood out was the level of hospitality. The team went above and beyond to make sure our family felt taken care of, and those thoughtful touches truly made a difference. The rooms were spacious, the common areas were beautiful, and everything felt easy and stress-free. It’s a short walk to the aquarium the convention center and Coke world. Plus, our views were great and Trader Vic’s for dinner was on point!

We’re so grateful for the experience and would absolutely stay again. Thank you for such a memorable visit!

I had such an AMAZING experience staying here. I came across this beautiful soul Ms. chef Theresa. She is so amazing. Great smile and friendly greeting. She made me feel appreciated and most of all the food was amazing. The beds were also cozy. I will DEFINITELY be visiting again in the summer. Thank you Hilton for the wonderful staff you have and for the incredible stay.

