The staff was great, very friendly. The bed was also really comfortable, and the room was very nice. Pretty disappointed with the stay though. It wasn't listed on the app or on Google that the restaurant had just closed, and I didn't know there was no hot water until after I checked in. There wasn't really any food I saw other than a few drinks in a fridge, coffee, and some apples/oranges. So with the lack of hot water and really no food, I feel like I wasted my points the one time I decided to spend them.

DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I called the day of my check-in to ask a question and was told they DO NOT HAVE ANY HOT WATER, and they offered to cancel my reservation. The front desk agent that had answered the phone said this had been an ongoing issue, it was supposed to have been fixed, they were calling all reservations to see if they wanted to cancel - and the hotel was completely closing on the 1st.

I confirmed that was not an option as we have non-refundable tickets to an event tonight, and with it being New Year's Eve - everything was significantly more expensive. I asked to either receive a discount for the night, or if they could transfer me to the Holiday Inn Express down the street for the same rate, as it was now $30 more for the night.

The call was transferred to the manager, Lynette, who immediately had a raised voice from the moment she got on the call - she was incredibly unprofessional and rude - and when I mentioned this, she yelled at me that I can file a complaint against her if I want to because they are independently owned and not affiliated with any other Holiday Inn. She continued to yell at an try to berate me, then canceled my reservation and hung up on me - while still charging me for it.

That said, it is less than five hours before check-in and they still have not made calls to people checking in - I had to let our friends know there isn't any hot water and to try and scramble to figure things out at the very last minute.

DO NOT STAY HERE AND AVOID LYNETTE AT ALL COSTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Has everything i needed for an overnight stay.
Bed is comfortable and cozy. A/c was not too loud. I slept really well. I’m well rested.
Manager Lynette was very kind and accommodating, i appreciated her courtesy during my stay.
Housekeeping staff were helpful as well.

Quite close to Petersen Space Force Base and the airport. Very convenient location. Gave a goody bag upon checking in. Good and dependable breakfast.

With a great selection of pillows & a comfortable bed I slept well. A hot shower with good water pressure made me take a longer than usual shower. Very good breakfast with no extra charge for OJ! Excellent parking for a full size pick up with a trailer. Service was lacking a bit but reliable employees are so rare that I’ll still giving 5 stars. Also we did feel safe at this hotel, great neighborhood

Nice! Really liked this hotel.

Lady at desk was rude and disrespectful

Booked this hotel solely for its free shuttle paired with a clinic and hotel. Come to find out, it does not run on weekends to the airport and the day we needed it they didn’t have someone available to drive. The front desk gal was apologetic, however we did end up having to spend significantly more money on transportation services which was not planned for. Had we known the shuttle wasn’t a for sure service as advertised, we would have chosen elsewhere to stay.

We had a great time in this hotel, room is big, view is great (mountain), furniture are well equipped. There's an additional table that I can use. Breakfast was great, service was great, even on second day when the server was missing, the cook had to take care of front and back kitchen.

Very clean, nice room. Continental breakfast was better than average and the attendants were superb. Surfaces were all clean and food was fresh. Indoor pool and hottub were fine. A really good stay here!

Great stay. Conveniently located near the airport

Hotel fraco, ar condicionado não resfriava então mudamos de quarto, e o proximo gelava demais. Restaurante com poucas opções, somente porções, estava mais para um bar. Íamos sair cedo para o aeroporto e o café deveria ser servido a partir das 6h mas deu 6:05 e não tinha ninguém pra atender. Pagamos por café da manhã e não recebemos. Não fosse o Anthony que foi super gentil e solicito minha nota seria zero. Para o Anthony dou um 10. Se precisar de um hotel próximo ao aeroporto procure outro, esse é só incômodo.

The building is being remodeled so there's stuff missing and things hanging down. The clerk was efficient. The room is dated.

Very accommodating and friendly

As a loyal customer, this was by far my worst Holiday Inn experience. Where to begin, here goes:

Found multiple long black hairs in the shower, which was pretty gross.

The advertised shuttle service was misleading. It only runs from 8 AM to 5 PM, which didn't align with my flight times. I wasn’t the only one frustrated by this—another guest had the same issue.

The desk employee was rude and unhelpful. When I called to request a shuttle for a late arrival, the woman on the phone was dismissive and cold.

No greeting upon check-in. I had to find and interrupt the same employee, who was chatting with a coworker, just to get checked in.

Room directions were unclear, and I had to wander around the hotel to find my room.

The lighting in the room was poor, making it feel dark and uncomfortable, even with all the lights on.

The gym’s only treadmill was broken.

No complimentary coffee in the lobby.

The entire hotel felt old, neglected, and in desperate need of renovation.

Definitely not the experience I expected, especially from a brand I’ve trusted for years.

Very clean hotel. The staff is wonderful specially Anthony who work at front desk. He makes us very smooth check in., and the cleaning crews, and the restaurant staff are all amazing people specially Anna. Everyone was happy to help and engage. Location is perfect for our needs. Close to the  airport.

Really liked this hotel. Great rooms, very nice lobby. Breakfast was delicious, and the free meal they offer kids wash huge; chocolate chip pancakes with whipped cream and fruit. Service was slow because, like so many places, they were understaffed, but our waitress worked hard to serve everyone and even squeezed in a late order for my husband when his appointment ran late. 20 minutes from Red Rock Canyon and Garden of the Gods. Would definitely return again!

The hotel is going through renovations and my room way definitely prerenovation. The fridge didn't work, the shower had more water leaking and dropping than coming out the front of the shower head, the TV remote didn't work, and various lights didn't work.
I paid extra for the breakfast included and there was only 1 server for 10 tables, it was entirely too many. I'm sure she would've loved to give good service, but if you've ever waited tables before, you know 10 is way too many, especially for breakfast when people are trying to get in and out to go do activities.
Other than that it was a decent location for doing stuff nearby and views were good.

It is very conveniently located near the airport and can have amazing views of Pikes Peak if you're on the right side. The hotel is very old and outdated. The mattress was a very uncomfortable spring mattress and it sagged completely on one side. The elevators displayed violations that needed to be corrected. Overall, not a good experience.

My go to place when I'm in the area.

Great hotel. The rooms were nice and had a great view. I liked it more than most hotels I've been too. Guy at the front was nice and helpful. Only negative was that they didn't have hot chocolate packets

半年前在hotwire 上订的宾馆，有可能订的太早，当晚入住时，服务人员说我们没有我们的预订记录，我们把订的单据show给服务人员，她的第一反应是我们遇到了spam,后来她才跟我们说几个月前，这里因为漏水问题所以关闭了很多房间，他们也跟hotwire联系过，有可能是hotwire那边没通知道我们。这明明是hotel 与hotwire之间没沟通好的问题，宾馆第一方应是我们遇到了spam, 这种态度也太推卸责任了。

Very clean hotel. The staff is wonderful, and I mean everyone.  The front desk, the cleaning crews, and the restaurant staff are all amazing people. Everyone was happy to help and engage. Location is perfect for our needs. Close to the airport and not too far from the shops on Powers. The room was a great size for us. There is plenty of room for two people to move about freely. There is a great pool and hot tub, too.  Never busy or crowded. We look forward to staying here again.

Thank you so much to the woman at the desk, Mia!
I was stranded at the airport at 12a, calling every hotel. She was glad to help and waited until I arrived before closing booking. Very patient, kind and understanding. When I thought I couldn't afford the room she started calling surrounding hotels to help me out. In the end, I ended up staying there.  The hotel room was big and very nice with good dove shampoo and lotion, which was a lifesaver since I didn't have my luggage. 🙃

Outstanding Performance and service

The restaurant was not to appealing

We arrived in our room to find out the A/C unit on the wall wasn't working, and the room phone didn't work so we couldn't call the front desk for help. We called the desk from our cell phone to ask for help. He said he'd be up in 5 - 10 minutes. We're still waiting for him to show up. While we were waiting, we turned the TV on to find out there is no TV guide working on the TV. You would think this motel would be concerned at it's reputation and would try to correct the situation. They just wanted to collect thier money. I will definitely make sure everyone knows about the lack of pride and customer service.  Never will stay here again.

We stayed one night before an early flight. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the front desk staff was friendly. Check-in was easy and the basics were covered.||That said, the restaurant was already closed when we arrived around 8 p.m., even though it’s supposed to stay open until 9. That was disappointing, especially since we picked this hotel specifically for the onsite dining. I’d seen this mentioned in other reviews, so luckily we grabbed food ahead of time.||The room felt a bit dated and oddly laid out—the shower was basically a small closet—but it didn’t ruin anything. The real issue was the area. The hotel sits next to a vacant field and the parking lot was nearly empty. It felt dark and a little sketchy. At one point a car pulled up and someone tried to wave me over. I didn’t engage, but it left me feeling uneasy for the rest of the night.||The hotel itself did its job, but the area and overall vibe just didn’t sit right with us. There were renovation signs in the lobby, so hopefully things are improving. For now though, we probably wouldn’t stay here again.

Housekeeping was amazing. Every day I went out to work I would come back and they would have our beds made for us perfectly. I was very grateful for them.

Rooms were great, but my view was of the entrance awning.

Lillian is exceptional. So polite and helpful

Sierra at the front desk was so professional and had great customer service while checking us in! Thank you 😊

This hotel stinks, smells like moldrew. Check to make sure you reservations includes breakfast. They are never at the front desk. The only good thing is maybe the pool. Very disappointed holiday inn.

Great customer service at the front desk, and the restaurant is really good. Better than the one next door to this location

Honestly enjoyed the location of this establishment quite a bit as I was traveling back and forth to family’s house for business. Booked 2 rooms over a 3 or so day stay, was happy when there was a restaurant on site & hot tub to soak in after a long day. I was hoping to unwind for my final night, Sunday day light savings if it matters when I see the restaurant doors closed, I asked management close by if I could stop in for a drink, where he stated they had closed early. I usually understand however it was only 8:30 pm however they have posted 10pm close. I was hoping for a night cap, not the worst thing to happen but wished I could have had the option….

The hotel is currently undergoing remodeling. Upon our arrival, we noticed that the carpet was dirty. The pool was closed for cleaning. The bottom of the pool also appeared dingy. Additionally, the hot tub had a white ring around the top.

The hotel advertised complimentary breakfast on their website, but this was not provided. The restaurant either closed early or did not open due to being short-staffed. When we requested room cleaning, we received fresh towels and empty trash cans, while the beds were left unmade.  Furthermore, the ice machine on the second floor was broken.

It would be best to avoid this hotel.

've stayed here a couple times. It's always been very pleasant. Sierra at the front desk is absolutely amazing. She made my stay wonderful. Will definitely be back.

I've stayed here a couple times. It's always been very pleasant. Sierra at the front desk is absolutely amazing. She made my stay wonderful. Will definitely be back.

Housekeeping certainly left something to be desired. Desk service was little help. No soap, dirty towels, unable to get any extra pillows for my sleep apnea. Thoroughly a bad stay. I DO NOT recommend staying here

The beds were terrible. No pool towels available, had to ask multiple times for coffee to be made finally at 10 am they put some out. Asked about any breakfast items many times also before 2 muffins were set out. The sliding front doors need to be manually forced open. Can't call down to the desk because the phone in the room doesn't work.

What a great hotel! The staff was fantastic, and the pool was nice. My room was immaculate and in a nice, quiet spot in the hotel! Thanks for all your hard work, guys; I will always return to this hotel!

Stayed here for a business trip for one night and it was awesome!! Our employer said everything was set up…the reservation for the room was, but not the payment. Got in later in the day and got a voucher for a drink and a snack with my room. Went to the restaurant inside the hotel and had an amazing burger and beer then a dip in the hot tub and pool. Breakfast wasn’t included BUT when we went to the restaurant we were told a super secret and got vouchers that I used to get the meat lovers omelet at the recommendation of front of house staff. Everyone was super friendly and helpful given our employer forgot to mention that after driving for three hours one way for a business meeting, that we would have to pay for everything including the room. However, everything is VERY reasonably priced and worth every penny spent.

The perfect one night stay for us! We were in town for a night for our fertility treatment. Hospitality was excellent, the restaurant attached to the hotel was very good and the server was extremely kind! Vinny was top notch and deserves all the recognition for going above and beyond for us patients staying with your hotel. He was incredibly helpful, friendly, and made our morning way smoother than we thought it would be for how our nerves were going into a procedure! Can’t thank him enough! We will have to be back in this area again in a few months and we will look no further than this spot! Our only downfall was not being able to try the breakfast! Next time, though :) thanks again!

This is a very nice room! Everything you need! A walk-in shower. Back -glow mirror. Huge bed. I would definitely stay here again! Pet friendly too!

Lisa was amazing! Very friendly! Very nice spot to eat, food was amazing!!!! This isn’t your typical free breakfast at all! I don’t even eat breakfast and only came down for a free banana type thing and realized this is an actual amazing meal. The most expensive item I think was $10 and I might not be able to eat lunch today because they fed so much.

Buyer beware: I booked our room, explicitly telling the reservations service where my call was redirected that I am bringing my son AND his dog, since the hotel is "pet friendly." At that point, the person taking the reservation should have said: "By the way, there is a $75 pet fee." I would then have said, I can't afford that, I'll try elsewhere. But no, instead, I was told in rather belligerent terms UPON CHECKING OUT that we "should have told them we were bringing our dog" (which we did when we made the reservation!) and the worker is "doing my job" and adding a $75 pet fee to our bill. This is a corporate grift if ever there was one! On top of that, half the outlets in our room did not work,  we were plugging things in alternative outlets and urinating in the dark. Dog lovers beware, there is an exorbitant "pet fee" that costs about as much as a whole room that will be hidden from you until checkout time. Pet friendly? More like pet pricey!!

Location rating probably depends on what you’re doing. The price was good. Breakfast is dependent upon the type of rate. Front desk service was exceptional. Our room was clean and comfortable.

You might as well stay at a Super 8 and save the money.  I'm extremely disappointed. Room had a stopped up sink, The bathtub didn't drain well and was stained, T.V. only had one channel, and there was a cable hanging out the back of it, the remote was dead, There was puke stains on the carpet. Yeah save your money and go elsewhere

My stay was the night of Oct 17, 2024 into the morning of Oct 18th.  At 1AM, the sound of loud bass from the adjoining room woke me up.  Not only could I hear the music, but the incessant sounds of three to four people partying as well.   (for the management, this party room was 421 - we shared the conjoining doors )

I called the front desk around (est) 120 am.   They said they would call room 421.  The music and loud talking continued.  I allowed 10 minutes to pass, hoping the cacophony would end.  It did not.  The music got *louder*  I called again -  i think my watch said 1:36 AM.  Same answer from the front desk ("I'll call and let them know", she said)

After no sign of the party dying down, i went to the front desk at 2 AM and complained for a third time.  While I understand that safety is #1 and that a night manager shouldn't be banging on doors, the Colorado Springs Police are at the Hotel's disposal for just this occasion.  As a consolation prize, the night manager moved me to a  room on the third floor - where i could still hear the rhythmic thumping of the music until 4AM - despite being one floor down and 2 over.

I am certain that I can't be the only one affected by these people keeping other guests awake.

Basic hotel. Property is old. No free Breakfast.

Great location from where I needed to go for my time in Colorado Springs! Customer service was great, with a few employees who had unapproachable attitudes, but the more social employees balanced the experience.

I am extremely disappointed with my recent experience booking a stay at Holiday Inn. Last week, I reserved a room with wedding block I was attending (not part of the wedding block, but at the same location). The hotel I originally intended to book was fully booked, but instead of clearly notifying me, the Holiday Inn website automatically rerouted me to another location without my knowledge.

The website displayed a brief 2-3 second message that there were no rooms available at my desired location. Then, it rerouted me to a different page with alternate hotel locations, but still displayed the original hotel’s address at the top, making it appear as though I had booked at the correct location. It was only after receiving the confirmation email that I realized I had booked the wrong hotel. I have attached a photo showing the correct/wedding block hotel location, with a different location as the top result for booking - note that there is no message or alert that the location I was looking to book at did not have any rooms available.

When I called Holiday Inn customer service to correct the mistake, I was told that due to the rate I had booked, they would not allow me to cancel or modify the reservation (without being charged one night). This was incredibly frustrating, as I had called immediately after noticing the error. When rooms did become available at the correct hotel, they refused to transfer my reservation, instead insisting that I cancel, pay a penalty of one night, and then rebook at the correct hotel.

This deceitful booking practice and refusal to accommodate such a simple request is incredibly disappointing. I hope this review serves as a warning to others. Be very careful when booking through Holiday Inn's website, as their practices are misleading and their customer service while kind, was completely unhelpful.

UPDATE - I went to check in for my reservation last night and it turns out that Holiday inn canceled my reservation about 2 weeks ago. The lovely friend desk staff member explained that the cancellation seemed to have come from corporate, not from this location. I can't help but wonder if somebody cancelled my reservation, without my consent or appropriate notification, after writing this review.

Had to check in late due to the weather.  Rates were decent. The room was more than adequate. Staff was accommodating.

I would bypass the complimentary breakfast if you're a rewards member.  The restaurant was overwhelmed and understaffed

The beds are wonderful.  The room is very big.

Stayed here while I was looking for an apartment due to relocation for work. The rooms are a little outdated, but they are spacious, and the bed is comfortable. The staff is great and even gave a small gesture.

Was staying here while I found an apartment. Rooms are kinda out dated, they are spacious, and the bed are comfortable. The staff gave a nice gesture.

1-Toilet clogged 2-Sink clogged 3-Room phone was not working 4- One hour power outage in the morning. My son breathing device stopped functioning. That was scary.

The rooms and staff were great.  On issues and near the airport.

Good location. is the only upside Motel 6 like decor in the rooms. Does not look or smell clean. Getting invoice was a total PITA. Over-priced.

Thank you Lisa, best server they have came in on her day off to cover for the other server that calls out, thanks again for coming in on your Saturday

We got in late and left really early, the hotel was suitable for everything we needed. Rooms were nicely appointed and clean. Would recommend,  will stay there again when I’m passing through next time.

Great service staff. Rooms were comfortable and good water pressure. For a meeting place, it fit the bill

Great hotel with clean rooms and good restaurant with cold beer/drinks and delicious burgers. Burger patties made in house from locally sourced/grown beef.  Cheese curds were delicious as well! Will be staying again.

Really nice hotel. Rooms and hotel were very clean, the bed was comfortable and the WiFi was good without any issues. We checked in and the front desk lady was very cold. No smile, no warm feeling. Maybe she was having a bad day but not very welcoming.  The only other negative but small thing was the tv.  It was really small which you could expect to be bigger.  Other than that I’d definitely Marty again.

Our flight was delayed 8hrs. When we arrived it was late and we were exhausted. Gentleman in front, I believe his name was Derek was extremely helpful (July 12th 2024 11ish PM). We booked through a 3rd party website so he informed us that they were already over booked and did not have the room type we reserved. I was beyond annoyed at this point from flight, but Derek did everything in his power to make sure we had a room with mountain view and double queens as we reserved. He explained to me how when making reservations on 3rd party sites, it will reserve the room type, but its basically first come first serve bases, and that they can run out of rooms. I definitely think that needs to be corrected and shouldn't be allowed. Though we received a room at 11pm, whosever room we received that night wouldn't have a place to sleep and they made reservations as well. Derek's customer service skills were top notch, he was calm and worked through the issues while training a new employee that he just met within 5mins of us checking in. I will say the employee (girl) that came in to relive him of his shift had a whole different attitude asking whos car was parked outside blocking entrance, customer behind me was also checking in and thought that's where you park if you are checking in. She was rude and her tone was condescending. If I would of had to check in with her, I probably would of been turned away. I felt sorry for the new girl that would be training with her and the customer behind me. Even Derek apologized for her manners. Room was clean, cold AC. Comfortable beds, pretty view, and not too far from downtown Colorado Springs.

Hotel itself is great. The resteraunt within is horrible. I personally won't stay with this one again due to that fact.

While staying at this hotel for one night someone attempted to steal my car. The window got shattered and when asking to see the cameras they said there was none. Many hotels that I have been to have cameras so their guests feel that their belongings are safe. This one was not one of them…

Can't check in, computers down. They wrote down credit card info on a paper, including security code for every person checking in.  Given a business suite, not a normal suite, no couch, etc.  Hot lobby smells like chlorine. No breakfast and no coffee in the lobby. Way, way over priced with terrible service. Don't stay here.

My air conditioner was broken and my room was 80° and stuffy.  Mikayla, at the front desk, took the problem seriously and immediately called the technician even though it was after hours.  He responded right away and was very kind and professional (Chris) and had the unit replaced within an hour.  Great service!

Nice and clean,  we enjoyed it

I have nothing much to say about this Holiday inn express other than it's an older property.

I don't understand why a regular Holiday Inn doesn't provide the free breakfast, when a Holiday Inn Express, that is directly across the street does. The restaurant that is attached to the hotel offers 1 free adult breakfast per room. If you have more than 1 adult, the additional adults are charged full price. I will only use the Express brand in the future.

This hotel I would not recommend anybody to stay at unless you want you stuff stolen. Got my entire company truck taken and totaled and all my personal belonging stolen out of it. The hotel does not have any security cameras so they won't do anything about it. 5 other people got there trucks broken into and stolen personal belongings out of them as well. Worst day of my life. I give this hotel a -5 rating if I could

The location was good and the room was decent. All the staff seemed unhappy to be working. Our first room overlooked the old, filthy air-conditioning unit outside and had kids jumping above us for 30+ minutes so we asked to be moved. Our second room looked at the A frame pitched roofline (a shame because the mountains and sunrises were beautiful). No breakfast provided (Holiday Inn Express across the parking lot offers free breakfast). Our room wasn't consistently cleaned although we were out all day providing ample time. Complimentary cookies were always empty and sometimes same with coffee. AC unit was really loud. It was a serviceable room, but if you have a chance to book somewhere else, do it.

Very expensive to stay in.

Run away!

Rude, ghetto employee tried to bully guests into writing down full credit card info for her on paper because she couldn’t figure out how to fix their credit card system.

Some employees have neck tattoos.

No thanks. I cancelled my reservation and got a room at the First and Main Holiday Inn.

Lobby is kept super hot.

Edit to add: No Mindy, I don’t think you do understand the sensitive nature of credit card info, otherwise you wouldn’t ask customers to write it down in plain text on paper where any of your employees can access it. I’m reporting you to IHG legal.

My stay here was great! I was a little worried, because I wasn’t aware at first of the shuttle times, even though I called twice prior informing of when I come in, but it wasn’t explained that shuttle ends at 5pm so I had to take an Uber when I got in and I didn’t budget for that , though I could have if I was told one of the 2 times I called. HOWEVER, from check in to being shuttled back to airport end of stay, everything and everyone was so nice and accommodating. Special thank you to the bar, they were always nice and the manager was really nice as well. I would come back.

Great location, staff were fantastic…. Rooms are showing their age.

Got in at 3am, 180 dollars. With the sign on the door woken up by room service at 9, 9:30, 10, 11.

Skip this and go to double tree

Went to a seminar here

I stayed recently, and personally I had an excellent stay. The gentleman that helped me out went above and beyond when I had trouble with the booking service I used. I asked for a top floor room, and they offered it with no hesitation. Clean room, beautiful mountain view, and FULL size products in the bathroom! I had no problems with this hotel, it was an excellent place to stay.

I was there for a business meeting, so I didn't see the actual rooms, but the conference rooms were extremely spacious, clean, and accommodating. I also viewed the indoor pool and looked very well maintained. The water was clear instead of, like other hotels, are not well maintained, and the water is cloudy. The lobby was extremely clean & organized. The restaurant attached to the hotel, Burger Bar, looked like a restaurant that I would like to eat at.

As I stand here waiting for the airport shuttle that they promised would be "scheduled at the time I needed it" and would not provide specific times...I am already 11 min late to the airport. I asked for   "before or at 1230". The driver is taking a break and no one told me, and it's too late for a Lyft and trust me, if I miss my flight I will be filing a complaint to get my flight $$$ back, with holiday Inn.

The absolute worst hotel experience ever! That says a lot. Booked a handicap room weeks ago to be told I didn’t the night I get there completely worn out. Take the horrible room in which I couldn’t use the restroom or shower, tried to sleep on the worst mattress.
Front desk promised to make it right only to be told nope you didn’t book a handicap room? I’ve been in a wheelchair 26 years I’m pretty sure I’d never make that mistake honestly so horrible it is laughable!
DON’T STAY HERE!

The room was very clean. The beds were super comfortable, not too hard, with both firm and soft pillows.

Big clean room with super comfortable beds. Beautiful view of Pikes Peak.

The front desk people at check-in were fabulous. They made sure that we were well taken care of. My only negative was that I needed something on our final night, which is normal available, but was told that they were all out. The room was clean and comfortable.

This property does not include the most important meal of the day with the room charge ????

Great place to stay very nice staff put don't eat at the restaurant next doorthe food is horrible

Un lugar muy limpio cómodo y seguro para hospedarte

It was a decent hotel for a night near the airport. Room is very dated and had a musty old smell to it. There is no shuttle to the airport during night hours, despite this being the major draw of being a hotel located near the airport.

Great quite place for well over due sleep.

DONT STAY HERE!!!!

Front desk staff was pleasant and warned us she could not issue any room keys “because machine broken”.  She offered maintenance would be available to let us into room.  Maintenance was overwhelmed.  We went to bar/restaurant but there was NO staff!  Waited 20 minutes with insufferably loud music.   Did not get a chance to order anything!
Exercise facility was locked & inaccessible.
Pool overrun by hoards of screaming unsupervised children.
Tried to cancel room. But this is Holiday Inns Hotel California… programmed to receive.
We finally left, found a different hotel, & still had to pay for Holiday Inn room.

DONT STAY HERE!!!!

Run for your life
That bartender lady has a nasty attitude
She over charge on the drinks w cheap liquor
The bath tub doesn’t drain like that
Hotel needs a update not worth the price when I could have booked anywhere
These hotels are getting more and more disgusting
It’s my money and I want quality and good service
Reasonable
This is not the Casino, it’s a low budget hotel w above average pricing … drop your price
Food was really good
Burger was delicious and breakfast was on point

More long term unless you ask they only do cleaning 3 times a week

Great hotel great restaurant

Nice clean rooms, decent price. Didn't use the pool or anything, but the breakfast was good, and the attendant was very nice.

Poor experience. The room had a lot of cosmetic blemishes. The smoke detector was well passed its expiration date. The fire sprinkler pocking out of the drywall is know where near code. The breakfast wasn’t included and we had to each pay $10 for some toast and bacon and potatoes. The employees watching wasn’t stopping the guests from reusing there old plates at the buffet line. So everything was getting contaminated. Against food safety regulations. They just kept asking over and over if we are diamond members, instead of just having  good customer service to everyone. I 100% recommend staying at the express hotel right next door. Way better than this place. And breakfast is included and they have way more food to offer. Will not be staying at this hotel again.

Staff here is so friendly. I am always greeted with a smile and sometimes a wave depending on who is working, even if I pass them multiple times a day. The rooms are nice and updated. I stay here multiple times a year. Great hotel!

It was really clean and the bathroom was totally cool. Carpets weren't bad and the parking lot was pretty much clean also. Breakfast was good and no one hassled me when I was late getting out of the room. I like the place!

Great friendly staff manager is great.

Me and my husband need more get aways. The bed was so comfy

We enjoyed our stay here this past week. Everything was very clean. The staff was very friendly. Location was perfect. Our room has the Mountain View and it was perfect for watching the sunrise and sunset!  One thing that stood out to my husband was when walking through the halls to the elevator, there were Exit Signs not only along the top of the walls but also down by the baseboards. In case of a fire and smoke, if you’re down on the ground trying to find your way out of the building, this would be very vital. Never have we seen that in a hotel before. Well done!  The only thing I wish this hotel had, was free continental breakfast. But the free parking and other amenities are spot on.

Everyone at the front desk was charming. Even the housekeeping was great. I wish we got one of their names; she knocked and we askex for some more towels and she asked us to sing for then and we happily obliged ☺️ What personality.

The room was clean and comfortable.

The shower did not drain and the bathroom vent barely seemed to be working. Too bad I see from other reviews that's a common theme.

One of the reasons I chose this hotel was the guest laundry. It's not free though and I couldn't justify the logistics to use it.  It's coin operated and on the 4th floor. I think it was $2.00 to wash and $1.50 to dry. No soap provided and they said it was downstairs, but I didn't see it in their little convenience store. Plus I'd have to try to make quarters. Had to abort. I packed super light thinking I could do some laundry but I was able to stretch it out.

Oh well.

I left a separate review for the attached restaurant,  which I would not recommend.

Good staff and solid location...no breakfast for platinum members so stay at other close by IHG hotels

This hotel is not a 3 star. Super run down. Pictures do not look like the rooms.

My stay didn't start out well and this review could be a lot different if not for Jessica at the front desk. I checked in for a staycation for my wife's birthday but the card reader on my door didn't work, which was on the 4th floor. 4 times I went down with my wife waiting, however, Jessica did turn the situation around by having a sincere attitude and taking the proper steps to make us whole and then some. We appreciate her effort. The breakfast was great and so was the service and the room was clean with a very comfortable bed.

Very clean and quiet

Front desk staff was excellent.  Restaurant prices are extremely too expensive

Love this place!🌞🌞🌞

I went to check in this evening and they informed me that there is a problem with their hot water. No one in the hotel has hot water. They had just called someone to diagnose the problem. Unfortunately I had booked the room using points. The front desk initially refused to help me and told me I would have to contact customer service to get a reservation at another IHG hotel, despite the fact there was a HI Express next door!! Using the app I attempted to get a resolution through the chat option. That was totally pointless. I finally went back to the front desk to ask for a refund of my points, and documentation that they would be refunded. Initially the desk clerk told me to cancel my reservation, but I asked her to go into the system and document a refund of points. She gave me a hand written cancellation number, which I hope will result in a refund of the points.

Not much right in the location.

They never put my rewards in for my IHG account.

The temp was set on 61. Freezing.  There was a sheet on the bed. I had to go to the front desk to ask for a blanket at which time I was told usually the comforter is enough. Problem is we had no comforter either. We paid for 3 nights. No one came to clean our room, bring clean towels at all. On the 3rd day I was told I have to request towels and trash removal by 9am each day or I don't get it. They change sheets and vacuum every FIVE days!!!! The hot tub was broken.  My girlfriend did a review the first day. I dare you to ask her again. NEVER AGAIN!! You guys should be Ashamed.

Im definitely booking at a different hotel for my next trip. Be very careful and check your credit card. I checked out of the hotel and was charged an additional $830 after checking outnand getring my invoice. I had to call back to have the correct the over charged amount. Over priced for the service. Stayed for a month so they only clean the room once a week. Due to a large group staying at the time, the breakfast was focused on that group so zero service for about a week. There was never coffee downstairs in the morning (~7AM). When I asked the worker, they said that they will have to go get more.... they never get more. As for the room, it was plain with a shower that was incorrectly assembled. The water did not drain because one side of the floor was lower than the drain. The lighting is good for sleeping but not for working in the room. There is a keurig machine for single serve pods and noth much else. The rain started coming in through the closed windows so the room stayed damp in that area. The door is not designed with security in mind. The bolt comes out and keeps the door from automatically closing. Everytime I enter the room, I have to turn around and pull on the inside handle to retract the dead bolt. I noticed a lot of rooms with people inside and the deadbolt out. Easily opened from the outside due to the door design.

So far so good! We'll be here until tomorrow night.

My husband and I just stayed here for the second time in the last few months and we are just blown away by how nice it is staying here. The room is always clean and comfortable, the staff are lovely, and the breakfast you can get with breakfast vouchers is a perfect way to start the day.

We also definitely took advantage of the shuttle they have to get us to and from the airport and to and from our fertility appointments. We will definitely be staying here in the future any time we may need to come back to Colorado Springs.

Excellent location next to airport.  Everything else is as you’d expect.

Friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms. Location was nice and easy to get to. Would definitely stay again.

Great experience! Fun staff!

Location - not much around in the immediate area but I chose the location because it was just a short drive to Garden of Gods and the Paint Mines Interpretive Park (I recommend both for hiking!).  A pleasant surprise was a 10 min walk to a sports park where you could get watch a nice sunset.  Also, a short walk to a quaint tasty Korean restaurant.|Rooms - could be cleaner.|Amenities - was told the pool and hot tub was closed.  A real bummer as the Holiday Inn was chosen because we wanted the hot tub after a day of hiking.|Staff - friendly|Breakfast - I opted for the breakfast package which only consisted of scrambled eggs, potatoes, and bacon one day and sausage the next day.  Just a 3-item breakfast.  Not even toast!

Stayed here due to the close proximity to the COS Airport. Was going to use the shuttle service but it is only available M-F, 9am - 4pm which makes it worthless for early morning travel.  The property has aged and needs plenty of updates. The sidewalks and parking lot is full of cracks and holes making luggage pulling difficult. The hallway to our room smelled. The room was okay. Bathroom was either stained or dirty. The pool was out of commission and the water cooler in the workout room was too. It was sufficient for our brief stay but I would NOT stay her again nor would I recommend it. On the bright side, the lady who check us in was very nice and apologetic and the pool being out of commission.

Staff was friendly hotel was clean and modern.

Their breakfast is horrible. They didnt had juice, fruits, oatmeal and dont expect them to offer you any extra bread. Its a disaster for vegetarians and vegans. Customer service was horrible on front desk and did not understand the pain on our side once we reached them out.

The rooms were clean, the service was great and the complimentary breakfast was delicious! I will stay again!

The room was everything I hope it would be. The staff was very friendly and helpful

Would stay there again, rooms were clean staff was very friendly all in all a very good experience staying there

Had an easy check-in process, i cannot complain and it was very straightforward. Just bring your ID and preferably your confirmation number to make it faster. The room I booked was a king size bed with mountain views. It had all i needed. A shower, restroom, big bed, two side tables, a small but comfortable couch, and even a desk! AC of course as well. There is a mini fridge if you need to store some drinks and small amount of food and a microwave. Overall I was happy with my stay here. It is a lot better than I had expected originally. The bed was pretty comfortable and the tv was okay. Wifi is a bit slow, if not for that I could have rated this place higher. Still, it is a good spot if you’re needing somewhere to stay for a bit.

Front desk was patient, friendly and helpful.  Room was 100% clean, and it has everything needed, including the ability to charge all devices.  Bar downstairs is really nice.  If I were a local, I'd hang out with the bartender here.  She put hockey on for me, great conversation, food is good, my whiskey and beer were local craft.  I travel alone, and this feels like a safe, clean place.

Friendly employees, large clean room with comfortable beds, shower was strong but did not drain, room 219. Restaurant employees were friendly but cannot recommend the food. No shuttle service after four or on the weekends cost me $20 each way to the airport.

Rooms meeting rooms  n food was amazing  I love the cookies

Lied to over and over.  No pool,   No tv listing's, no breakfast included as stated on web site, no hot tub,  no newspaper,  no 24 hr shuttle service as stated in web site, landline phone, busted shower, food poisoning our first night from terrible prepared food,  no ice machine, and finally  no change machine in laundry.||The people working there were very nice, maids took great care of rooms,  close to airport was a plus.

My room was overall pretty nice, but the bathtub had some drainage issues like it was clogged or smth. Also, before I showered, I noticed that there was no vent switch therefore making the bathroom very stuffy after showering. Also, you can lock and unlock the bathrooms from both sides of the door.

I've visited a friend staying here and the room was very nice. I've recommended the place as a nice place to stay. The restaurant serves up some pretty good food.

This hotel is definitely outdated and a little unclean. The gym was nice but the rooms were in need of an upgrade. The bathrooms with the door that works as two doors and the shower behind the wall is a little weird, there were also some hairs on the floor when I checked in.

Good place and rooms are clean. Pool is not clean and spa not available due to maintenance. Only thing AC is making huge noise and we couldn’t sleep all night..when approached to front desk..no maintenance guy available due to night time and asked to turn off AC..how are we supposed to sleep without AC, upon request they provided two small fans which was good enough to pass night.. when reached to front desk next morning, the person morning didn’t even cared about what we were saying.. I felt it so rude.. As we only stayed there for one night and couldn’t sleep due to this noise till 1~2 am..staff needs to be really put customers comfort as top priority..poor management.

Very thankful for house keeping finding a gift that was lost from our grand babies 1st Birthday.

All is good except that the pool is cold and not so clean. Likely the circulation filter system not turned on because no one uses a cold pool. The hot jacuzzi tub water is quite dirty. When asked about its maintainence schedule, no one knows except the maintenance department and they went off early that day.

IHG hotels are known for their simple but good breakfast but this time, they closed it due to maintainence and served only self served coffee and muffins.

Rooms are clean but they didn't really check all things are working. One of the lights in the room are not working and we had a hard time reaching housekeeping to get it fixed. Ie no one picks up the phone. Eventually we reached out to the front desk person who helped fix it himself. Yes, no one is working except the front desk person. 4 stars because the person is very friendly and helpful.

Many of us were diverted from being able to get home for Christmas in NY, due to the blizzard and had to stay at a hotel last minute. This team went the extra mile and made sure every member had a room and got comfortable. They even called in additional staff short notice to help. Then, they opened the restaurant with a full service breakfast buffet in the morning to accommodate all of us knowing some of us hadn’t had a meal in a while. We couldn’t be with our families for Christmas but the effort and care that this team demonstrated made the experience comfortable. Exceptional service by exceptional people.

Service unlike any other. Last night, at around 11 p.m. on Christmas Eve, the manager received a phone call stating 73 soldiers would be coming over in the next few hours. We were diverted from returning home to our families due to the snowpocalypse, and we ended up here to drop off some of the 250 soldiers to their home station. The manager, being hit with this mission on Christmas Eve, called in help and got the ball rolling to house every person who came here. They stayed up until 4 a.m., working diligently to take care of us. They got breakfast ready, prepared rooms, made accommodations, and did so with compassion and grace. They did all this well into the early morning on Christmas day, and are still here for us, making coffee (a very special thank you for that, by the way!)

No one should be called out of their home for something like this, especially on a holiday. I appreciate, more than I can say with words, the kindness and care the team displayed last night and into the morning. This certainly threw a wrench into their holiday plans, and even more than that, their families were inconvenienced. The manager had her daughter here helping get us sorted. The woman who came in to make us breakfast, at 3 a.m., had to get her child out of bed for us.

I cannot say enough how much I respect and appreciate these folks. The hotel is really nice- comfy bed, hot shower, very clean and nice. But it's the staff that really made this wonderful. I hope they never have to react to this kind of madness again, and I wish them and their families all the best in the future. Merry Christmas, happy holidays, and happy new year.

THANK YOU!

They were very helpful and friendly. Thank you

Staff were great.

The staff are thieves! If I could give less than 1 star I would. Was just here this past weekend a guitar was stolen from a room that was supposed to be locked by staff, and only they have access to this room. The hotel has not been cooperative, trying to delay by saying they can’t do anything without the general manager. At first they said there’s “a problem” with the security tapes, but now they are saying there’s no cameras outside of the room it was taken. Do not trust the staff, although they are polite, they are definitely hiding.

Great stay. Could see Pikes Peak from my window. Staff was so kind and pleasant, will stay there again.

Decent place, hallways have a funk to them. Hot tub doesn't work. Website says free breakfast, but then we were told we "didn't pay for food vouchers"

Stopped by to check out the bar for the first time and was extremely impressed with how well kept it is and how wonderful the bartender is. My son and I got some food and it was absolutely amazing I had to ask for the chef to shake her hand. Alicia and Val were super amazing and so friendly! Both of them are definitely on top of everything!!

The beds are the best

I booked this hotel last minute through work and wasn't expecting much. The service and room were far beyond what I was imagining. My room was practically designed with a dedicated, private toilet, a built-in vanity illuminator in the bathroom mirror, and a plethora of outlets exactly where I need them. Further, the concierge went above and beyond with helping me figure out my lock and providing me with items I forgot to pack. Incredibly responsive and professional. Thank you Shante!

Convenient location to Peterson SFB.

Very clean room, bed was exceptionally clean and comfortable. Very soft and plush. Loved the large,  walk in shower.  Pool was very clean and looked great. Was a bit cold for my taste but others didn't mind. The glass enclosure gives the illusion one is swimming or sitting in the hot tub outside. Hot tub was better than good, clean...warm...outdoor feel. Excellent hotel and first class stay.

Just okay. Room was clean but smelled of tobacco.  Needs remodeling. Bathroom was small with weird multi purpose door. Nearby Hilton Garden Inn is  better choice.

Expensive with no breakfast included. Felt like taking advantage of enlisted parents.

Had a very great stay. Room, bathroom & linens clean. Helpful and friendly staff.

I'm not sure about the location for any other purpose, but I'm in town for a friend's wedding and this is one of the closest hotels to their venue. My room and my friends room both had a desk with rolly chair. I like the chase lounge on my room. Everything has been clean as one would expect. The only slight thing that happened is when we asked for sheets and blankets for the pull out they only brought up sheets and we had to go downstairs and get a blanket but that is pretty minor.

If I were basing my stay solely on being able to look out and see Pike’s Peak rating would be Excellent but have to factor everything else in. Property is close to airport and right next to a HI Express & Suites. There is no complimentary breakfast however there is restaurant on property as well as a 24 hour convenience store and two convenience stores with gas a short drive away. Did see a shuttle van but never saw it with guests coming or going in it. Room was good sized with shower/tub in bathroom that is on smaller size and has an interesting configuration. Refrigerator and microwave, elevator, good selection of channels and working wi-if. Lobby area was clean and staff were friendly. Pool and exercise center were closed for remodeling, noted other areas of remodeling only never saw anyone working or any changes. Did smell marijuana smoke in hallway and elevator but probably out of staff’s control. My suggestions for improvement would be have a safe that works in room, add extra blanket to closet, repair or fill potholes in parking lot, fix the sign when driving in (looks like someone beat on it) and maybe freshen up areas outside to make it look a little more welcoming than guests wondering if property is closing or changing ownership.

The room was okay. The staff was friendly and accommodating. There was only one working elevator and the grill was broken of the restaurant so things were a tad slow. The fitness center is a fitness room.
It's easy to navigate to and a simple place to stay. Thank you!

Here for the 3rd time. Food in the restaurant sucks. Every time. Will not eat here again

We didn’t end up staying here because after we checked in we found out the pool and ice machines (among other things) were under construction. But the kind woman at the front desk made it so easy to get a refund.

I love this place! And for the money, it can't be beat

The beds were comfortable.  I wish we would of had free breakfast.  The pool was freezing and it took a moment to get the hot tub to work.

Beautiful hotel large clean rooms large shower but terrible connecting restaurant

Great location, close to Airport and eateries! Beautiful view of the Rockies

They don't actually have a fitness center as advertised--see picture.

Staff is very nice. It is very clear that they have a good management culture, but I would have booked a different place of I knew they were lying about the fitness center.

Very nice! The front desk gals are super helpful and nice. The room is large and has all the amenities, ac works well. Plenty of parking. Breakfast was ok, scramble eggs was too mushy.

The bartender Valerie is absolutely wonderful! She’s great at her job, professional but also so fun!

We had a lousy experience at this location.
We stayed on 7/28 for one night as a family of 5. We were promised a 2 queen with a rollaway sleeper for accommodations on the phone. Upon check in, the CSR said she would bring the rolling bed right up. After 2 hours, no bed. I went downstairs to figure out what the problem was. The CSR then said that it was a violation of fire code to add this commitment. We aren’t sure why this wasn’t identified at check in. The CSR was not receptive to feedback and refused to provide a name, phone number, or email for a manager. The CSR started behaving inappropriately. I can’t in good faith recommend that anyone stay at this hotel.

I checked in, went to the room and realized the blind wouldn't close.  I immediately called the front desk & was told they would send maintenance right up.  Waited awhile & called down again.  They are supposedly coming now.  Waited again....nothing.  Called down a third time & said I don't have time to wait can you switch me to a different room? Sure.....a minute later maintenance shows up.  Ended up going back down to switch keys.  Beyond irritated by now as I was meeting someone & shouldn't have to deal with this. Had to sign a new form.  Seriously? Just cross out the room number & put the new one on it.  Needless to say I didn't have a great stay.  First room had a musty smell.  Second was better.  Hotel is a little dated, maybe time for a remodel.

I made a reservation through priceline. The host at the front desk when I came in, also charged me for the room. I brought this to her attention in which she wrote down the amount and said she wasn't sure what happened and the "transfer didn't complete" I called for two days and was told both days there was no manager on duty and would take my name and number. The first day it was "probably by 5pm she should be in." and never got a call back. I was asked to leave my name and number AGAIN and "at her earliest convenience" (the second day). Two days and no solution when I'm out of town and charged an unnecessary $137 seems a little "inconvenient" for the customer.

I absolutely LOVE this hotel!! The staff, the rooms, the checkout time, everything is amazing here! The  ONLY complaints I have, are the fact that breakfast isn't included in the room rates, & getting your deposit for incidentals when using cash app can take up to a month. But that's too be expected with most of the 4/5 star hotels.
Other than those two things, (which are kind of a big deal), this hotel is fantastic. Staff has always been so welcoming & friendly at check-in, I know I'm a valued customer. If you ever need a place to stay I highly recommend this hotel!! Very comfortable place, very clean, just all around wonderful hotel!! Will be back!!!

Beds comfy, rooms nice, breakfast sucked. Not a single hot item to eat.

They said they never received a cancelation for my reservations. And since I didn't save any documentation of the reservation or who I spoke with to cancel they flat stole my money by charging my account for the room when I wasn't even there. Then when I contacted them they said there is nothing they could do. I've requested to speak with a manager and was told a Manger was not available.  I was then told my information would be left with manager along with a message describing my issue and they would call me back. Well haven't heard nothing.  Money still hasn't been refunded. These folks are crooks.

Very professional and friendly people here nice conformable bed nice shower

Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly. Pool was clean and my son enjoyed. The only issue I had was the restaurant was not open and after a 1400 mile drive I didn't want to leave to eat but it all worked out we just got delivery. It was just a fluke that it wasn't open so I won't hold that against them. Recommend!!

Sometimes the rooms have a funny smell but other than that, they are always very clean & comfortable. Staff is ok, some of them can be, slightly haughty at times, save for a few of them. I would recommend them for sure.
My only complaint, is that it takes almost an entire month to get the mandatory $50 deposit back for incidentals on your card. That is extremely frustrating if you are on a budget. Also, if you plan on extending after one night, you have to put a whole separate deposit down. They can't just credit the first one over to any consecutive nights thereafter. Very inconvenient & unnecessary as many other hotels would use the same deposit over again, and it goes back on your card immediately after you checkout. So if you want to stay for multiple days, plan on either booking all nights together, or spending a lot on incidentals & not see that money for some time. It takes so long, that I can't even be sure it ever got returned as I forgot about it by whatever time it came back around.

I’m sending a big hug to your wonderful front desk agent, Shakira!!! She was delightful, professional, helpful  and so very kind!
My daughter shares the same sentiment!
In addition, the room was clean, check in and out went smoothly. We are so grateful and thankful!
Our best to you, Shakira!
Wendy and Delaney 😊

80+ degrees in the hallways. Moody front desk employee. Key cards randomly stop working. The front desk employees checked another family into my room after I was already in the room.

Army approved. The most comfortable hotel room i have ever stayed in. I got top floor, corner room. I basically lived here,  rooms are very good unless there is kids screaming you can hear them from the room. I felt at home, the housekeeping ladies where so friendly. The receptionist a young girl was super friendly and helpful when I needed to print out and get receipts emailed to me For PTDY paper work in srp. I absoluetly loved the people working there, hard workers and courteous. There is a restaurant inside the hotel for you hamburger lovers and beer lovers. I was always treated with respect and the workers there are very beautiful people. The only thing i would change is put cameras outside,  some transients sometimes passing through but nothing bad. All the problems where always taken care of. Good hotel. And be nice to the hotel workers please they work long hours and deal with allot of people daily.

Best part was The staff. Super nice lady at the front desk.  You walk into the lobby which smells like french fries from the attached restaurant.  Rooms are older but updated and clean.  Musty smell thru out. Bring air freshener and crack a window. Also its right next to a holiday inn express and both don't have address signs on them so beware. I thought my rez was for the holiday inn express i stayed there before and i recommend it over this place. Newer smaller not smelly.

Friendly environment and service with a smile. Rooms are cleanly and comfortable. Thank you, Holiday Inn.

Stayed here for a work trip (so didn't have a choice).  Young lady who checked me in in the evening was very friendly but literally everyone else at the front desk I encountered looked miserable and weren't the friendliest.  Room was fine although the internet kept on having connection issues and there was a dried blood stain on the fitted sheet. Iron also had burnt marks so was unusable. Window A/C decided when it would work and not. View of the mountains was great though.

Great room and service

Went to a wedding. No water available. Staff was polite

I got in really late to the airport to find my vehicle completely dead at 1am. I got a ride to the hotel and everyone was extremely kind - from the desk assistant getting me a room last second to even having one of the staff drive the shuttle just so I could get back to my vehicle in the morning when they didn't have a driver. They made a stressful experience so much easier and I'm very grateful!

Clean room decent bed

I recently traveled to Colorado Springs for a medical procedure and wanted to stay close to the airport/the clinic as I was traveling alone. The hospitality at Holiday Inn exceeded my expectations! I arrived super late, which the hotel accommodated my late arrival. I was greeted by Kelia, the overnight concierge - she was a gem! Greeted me with a big smile and answered all my questions. Kelia let me know that the hotel offered shuttle transportation to and from my clinic, as well as to the airport. The hotel accommodations not only saved me some money, it also gave me a piece of mind that I would be taken care of after my procedure. Since my doctor's appointment was earlier than shuttle operating hours, I had a friend drop me off a the clinic. After the anesthesia wore off, a nurse at the clinic contacted the hotel and before I knew it, Shannon was there to pick me up! Shannon, another incredibly sweet human went above and beyond to ensure I was well taken care.

The hotel restaurant was delicious!! I indulged with what I would say, is hands down, the BEST burger/fries I've ever eaten. Breakfast was just as delicious and the wait staff was amazing! I am so thankful for everyone at the Holiday Inn and will look forward to staying there in the future.

Bed/pillows were super comfy. They do have a mini fridge and microwave, which I didn't have time to use. I'm giving the hotel 4 stars because my room was never cleaned - I'm not picky about that and since I was alone there were plenty of towels....but it's kinda what's expected with a hotel stay.

The room was amazing with a soft King Size bed for me and my Wife. The flat screen T.V had BET MTV VH1 HBO and even Boxing for a young man like me that loves that, It had all the great channels. A great shower and a menu to order food if you like. I recommend to everyone. Salute from an Army Soldier!

We spent 5 days in this hotel. Everything was fantastic. Tameka made sure we had a beautiful room with a Moutain view. Gorgeous! We ate almost every breakfast at the hotel. Kitchen staff made amazing food. Shannon our server was so accommodating. It's difficult to travel with a health issue.She made sure I was able to order what I needed. We will be back to the springs often and this is where we will stay. Thank you for making us feel at home when we were there.

From booking (directly) to the end of the stay the experience was excellent. The hotel staff was friendly, greeting us or wishing us a good day if we left to explore. Tameka was exceptional and clearly excels at her position. We had a 2 queen bed room which had a large bathroom, a microwave and small refrigerator. The room was clean and quiet and had a great view of the mountains. The housekeeping staff was friendly and efficient. We chose to eat our breakfasts at the restaurant on site because it was affordable, well prepared, and delicious. The restaurant staff was friendly, and Shannon the waitress even remembered our preferences each day. I did not get a chance to sit at the bar in the evening during our stay, but it is well stocked with numerous beer and liquor choices. The kids enjoyed the pool and hot tub, the area was clean and maintained. We were also happy to discover the on site guest laundry which we unexpectedly needed to use for a load with detergent available for sale at the hotel convenience store.

The location puts it away from what I consider the major part of the Springs which we preferred because the area was quiet at night. The location is still close enough, though, that driving anywhere is not difficult. My family and I will undoubtedly return to visit Colorado Springs and this hotel will be our first choice each time.

Thank you!

Very quite ...polite and curtious staff ... clean rooms ... wonderful breakfast

Nice staff and a great bar/restaurant. Much more like a sports bar but the menu is really good! Get the brussel sprouts! Fitness center was lacking but the rooms were comfortable.

When I checked in there was an older man who's wife had a service dog (they booked the hotel room for 5 days.) I'm not exactly sure what went down before I got there, but the man was upset and asked for a refund for the next 4 days as he didn't want to stay after the way they treated them.

I defended the gentleman and while doing so a lady (her name is Tina, well that's what she said it was) walks behind the counter and very rudely interrupts a conversation I was having with the lady helping out the gentleman. Tina refused to help check me in I had to wait for the other desk clerk to finish with the gentleman. While waiting Tina continued to argue with me about the laws on a service dog. She has a horrible attitude!!! I will never stay in this hotel eve again.

I asked for the corporate number or a number for their supervisor and they refused to give me any help. They told me they didn't know or have a number to get ahold of anyone. The breakfast was absolutely gross we couldn't eat what was served. Super disappointed!!!!

Very nice hotel, clean and bed and linens super comfy! Quiet, Clean all through the hotel and the staff were very friendly and professional. The food in the bar and grill was delicious, service outstanding! Will definitely stay here when we return to Colorado Springs! Location was great too, very close to airport.

Great full service hotel. Service of the.staff is above standard.  JB's Restaurant has awesome food.. a must try..HUGE Burgers 🍔..

Amazing staff

The receptionist had to check in with the cleaning manager to see if I was allowed to check in and she said no I wasn't able to check in till 12 or 3 in the afternoon. I left and came back to cancel in about 4 minutes I see the receptionist checking in other people. I don't recommend this place.

People nice .. restaurant did not open . Had to go elsewhere to eat . Paid for breakfast. Restaurant did not open then either . Was not offered a refund ! No shuttle to airport.

Legit bedroom inspo. So cozy, staff is so nice!!!

Very rude and extremely discriminating against those with loads of kids and oh u will get blamed for stuff done to ur linen when you leave it outside your room....they will kick you out and laugh at you also very snotty and unprofessional the manager Tabitha I believe is her name or Tamika she was by far the worst.

Very clean and comfortable

Great Place and Outstanding Staff!

The fire alarm batteries in our room were expiring. Causing the annoying chirp everyone has heard in the most inconvenient times. They moved us, but the lack of attention to detail when they cleaned the room a few hours before was noticeable. The bar/restaurant located at the hotel has very personable staff and good conversations. One plus, the breakfast is served from the bar/restaurant which was included with the stay.

Please note the two Holiday Inns next to each other don’t play nice with one another. There were some disgruntled guests of the Express down the street who could not charge their Express rooms at the bar/restaurant. (This paragraph did not effect the rating, just wanted to share)

The room was dirty it’s smelled funny.
The tub didn’t drain had to clean hair out of drain so that the water would go down the sheets were dirty
Employees were rude.

The hotel stay was good. The only thing I didn't like was that while showering, the water accumulated at the bottom of the tub quite a bit. Also, we bought some snacks, but cannot understand why they charged tax separately for each item instead of as a whole.

The cable tv didn’t work
The breakfast options were cold and disappointing. Probably won’t ever return.

Have to ask for maid service. Default is none.  The hotel restaurant and bar were not available due to plumbing issues for most of our stay.  Hotel felt almost dystopian.  Nice beds though.

Nice, clean hotel with a breakfast problem.  A free breakfast is advertised for some guests who select that option.  It isn't.  I paid $7 plus tip for such basics as cereal and juice because they were not included.  Moreover, you had to ask for a coupon each morning when desk clerks are busy. Service in the hotel restaurant was extremely slow.  I ended up skipping the non free breakfast.

The hotel is remodeled and the rooms are clean and comfortable.  However, if breakfast is important to you on the road as it is for many travelers, this hotel has a problem that needs fixing.  Breakfast is advertised as free for some guests.  It isn't.   I ended up paying $12 with tip, $7 for the breakfast itself because basics like cereal and orange juice are not included incredibly.  In addition, guests have to through the hasdle of asking for a coupon each morning when the desk clerks are often busy.  Why not just hand out the coupons at checkin?  In addition, the breakfast service was incredibly slow even though at 6.30 a.m., I was the only person in the restaurant.  Because of the hassle, for the rest of my stay, I just skipped the free breakfast that wasn't free.

We had stayed months ago.  It was nice but the pool/hot tub area was filthy!!! We recently stayed, to give it another shot, the pool area was clean, well kept, and fully stocked with towels.  Thanks for the improvements.

Staff excellent.

Awesome place

Other than being OVERPRICED... Very clean, nice rooms

Rooms were in poor condition. Light fixtures coming out of the ceiling. Bathtub did not drain. After a 5 minute shower there were several inches of standing water. Mini fridge did not properly fit inside a make shirt drawer they built. Had to pull it out just to open the door. The fridge coils made the whole space hot and a possible fire hazard. Carpet had dark stains. Room doors dont have a proper seal on the bottom, so anyone outside can hear what's going on inside. Wifi was not working. I asked at the front desk about it and was given a lazy and dumb response that there was nothing to be done. The front desk woman had the nerve to start looking for a technical support for me to call...what? Am I the hotel management to call about fixing the hotel wifi? The hotel had only two non working washers. Front desk yet again said nothing can be done. Seems like laziness is the common trend here. This stay was booked through my company so can not get out of this stay now. But never again in the future.

Room was amazing will stay again!

My stay was arranged by my work team and can't say I was impressed. The entire hotel smelled of cleaner  trying to overcome mold/mildew/smoke underlying issues. Reminded me a room my wife had to leave a different hotel for because it caused her to cough. Made me nearly nauseous. Bed was not very comfotable and I did not sleep well all 6 nights I had to stay there. Fitness room was very small and was missing some weights. It was odd that complementary coffee was only put out M-F and nothing on Saturday morning.  This is a hotel I could stay in again ina pinch, but not one I would stay in again for a week. The Holiday Inn Express next door would have been a better option.

Excelente lugar

Very nice

Please do not stay here if you are going to be working for/ with Amazon. They will charge both your corporate card and your personal card for all nights. Then when you check out your receipt will show paid in full but only on the company card so you are left with no recourse as to recovering your money. This happened to our whole team and the lady at the front desk even admitted that this happens all the time. I went down to the front desk 4 times to try and get this resolved and they assured me it had been resolved on 2 occasions and it was not. My only course of action left is to call my credit card company and report it as fraud and hope I can get my money back. Stay anywhere else.

We were told on arrival that we would be charged 20$ a day for incidentals, equaling $100 for the whole stay. That’s fine. The problem came in when the charged us an additional $230 for seemingly no reason. We have been charged $100 a day since we checked in on Sunday night, and it is only Tuesday. (Our hotel was paid for in full ahead of time, so there is no reason for us to be charged additional). When we bring it up to the front desk we are told it is a mistake and that they will reimburse us, but it will take 3 business days to get back to our account.

Every employee I had contact with was excellent. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was nice and I had no complaints with it. When we arrived the grounds needed allot of work but when we left 3 days later they were all cut and the area looked nice.

My check in experience with Tameka was great but when I got to my room it was dirty, the toilet nor microwave worked. I ask for a new room or for the issues to be addressed. I gave them until next day check in and nothing had been resolved. I go downstairs and no ones at the desk. Very frustrating experience. I was planning on staying 33 days but I will be looking for another hotel. Second room they put me in still wasn’t very clean.

Update: they double booked my room and someone walked in at 7pm. I am checking out ASAP. This hotel used to be decent. Not anymore.

This place is so clean and friendly, with everything running as smooth and efficiently as you'd expect. A wonderful environment with truly great staff that care about your needs.

We booked a suite and it was incredibly nice! It had a separate living room area, away from the bedroom. It was very clean. The only reason I didn’t give 5 out of 5 is because of the bathroom. It was set up rather oddly, and very sparse. But clean like the rest of the suite. I’d definitely stay here again though.

Very nice hotel

room smelt like smoke but the staff was super.

Coffee too strong and no hot water to weaken.

Tried to make a reservation for my husbands PCS on his orders (out of a home for a week with two kids), and the manager Chris told us that on the days we need, they couldn’t honor government rates. We have never heard of this before. I don’t recommend military families stay at this hotel if they can’t honor the government rates on any day.

It's a great place to stay. My only complaint is that the A/C would not go lower than 69/70 degrees. I pay to stay so I really expect to be able to set the temp to what's comfortable do me. Not the hotel bottom dollar.

Gave us 1 towel for four people and when we asked for more they said they would bring some up. Still waiting for those. Gave them my rewards number for points and they even had me write the number down on a piece of paper and give it back to them. They did not put them on my reservation so I had to call in to get my points added and I am currently on minute 15 of that call. Super big hassle. Not a real great location either. I would definitely recommend you go somewhere else.

Demasiado caro y ni si quiera incluyen desayuno ties q pagar aparte

Hotel staff was so kind and professional. Excellent customer service from Tameka and Eliva. Hot tub was out of service. The sign stated it would be fixed by 3pm it was not. Pool was dirty with hair pins/ties in it and cloudy water. The reason we chose this hotel was for the airport shuttle which we found out did not start operating until 8:30am. Ended up paying $40.00 for a taxi for our 6am pick up.

Rooms are clean, Bartender is slow and distracted, wifi is sub-par

The towels were rough and hard. The restaurant had one female doing everything in dining area. We checked in late the first time we stayed without problems. Went back a few days later and they canceled the reservation. The room rate went from about $160 to $335 and they said we could stay in a room without AC for $150. We found a room at Econo Lodge North, 25 minutes away for $100 with AC, breakfast included, and soft towels.

Always good

Clean and quiet place. Super comfortable beds. Parking was convenient. There is a market place in lounge so if you are hungry you can always grab something. Check in was smooth, sparkles went above and beyond in getting the room we liked. She was very helpful and thoughtful. Would definitely stay again here

Great customer service and very clean rooms. Comfy beds and a calmn atmosphere!

Super comfortable and clean

Should put on your site that you have to be 21 years old. I have stayed at other holidays in let have let me stay. My partner was 21 and we still couldn’t stay because they didn’t let me pay. Lost a costumer.

Staff is nice, hotel grounds need some work, resteraunt has nice staff but was out of their few selections for breakfast. assuming due to covid they have a limited menu, also have to submit a card everyday to get fresh towels, trash emptied or if you want fresh sheets. Lobby is nice. Rooms are nice, showing some age but still nice

Service was horrible. People at the front desk were very rude. Weird hallway smell and room smell.

Very nice.

Currently on my second of a three night stay. Overall, I'm pretty pleased so far.
-It was really easy to get to from the airport and most everything you need is a short drive away.
-There are plenty of parking spots for the complimentary parking and it's hassle-free.
-When booking, I opted for the more expensive "breakfast included" option. There isn't a free, continental breakfast type of option. Instead, if you opt for the breakfast, you get a voucher to use at the restaurant/bar that's on premises. The daily increased cost for this option is about the same as if you were to just buy from the menu outright. Food was great!
-There's a small indoor pool and gym if you're into that.
-The sundries shop is actually really reasonable. I bought some nail clippers, expecting to be charged $14 (it's happened to me elsewhere) but they only charged $2.
-This is probably the first time I've felt confident that a hotel bed was actually clean.
-AC works great, which is important to me as I hate the heat.

Best of all, the staff has been extremely courteous and helpful. If I ever find myself back in Colorado Springs, I'll definitely stay here again.

Very clean and quiet. The lady at the front desk that works the night shift was very nice and friendly

Very clean property and friendly staff. I will Definately be staying here again during my return visits.

Friendly staff,clean rooms, quiet.  All good.

The stay was amazing, the room was clean, nobody bothered me outside and even had some great conversation with the staff. Unfortunately the last night my stay was cut short as my work vehicle was broken into but aside from nothing being stolen, the night auditor was extremely helpful, calm, levelheaded and did an amazing job at keeping me collected as well. She was on top of the necessary paperwork for filling out a report and did everything that she could to keep a good report even in such a stressful situation. I believe her name was Kristina and I'm very grateful she was there to make a terrible situation bearable! Thank you!

The customer service was awful. The staff was rude and unhelpful. We had ants in our bed. There was a group of people doing cocaine in the hot tub in front of my 6 year old, when I reported it to the front desk they said there was nothing they could do because they hadn't witnessed it themselves. I made my complaints with the front desk and was told I was free to write a review about my experience, so here we are.

This property is one best I've  had the pleasure of staying.||||We were always greeted well by the front desk personnel throughout the day, even when we checked in our first day which was late in the evening. Our room was very accommodating, and the staff provided us everything we needed under these circumstances we are dealing with of the pandemic. ||||We will definitely recommend your property to other family, friends and business associates traveling into your area.

I can't say enough about this AMAZING hotel! I stayed here when I was still in the league and it's even better now! The manager is a fantastic logistical magician, the staff are all top notch and the suites are like being at home. Thank you IHG and Holiday Inn Colorado Springs, CO!

Customer service was absolutely amazing and the room was beautiful and awesome!! Bed was soft, everything was clean and tidy, the restroom even had a makeup light built into the mirror.  Would DEFINITELY stay again!!! Only complaint is the shower head was broken and barely let water out, but it still worked well enough.  All in all, amazing experience and would highly recommend!

Hotel staff unprofessional. Restaurant and bar staff absolutely unprofessional. Do not recommend at all. Stuck in a snow storm so we had no choice but to eat and drink at the hotel restaurant. The staff seemed to hate their job and we're rude to all guests.

Let me start out by stating that the lobby of this hotel is beautiful and the restaurant serves some delicious food, but that was probably the highlight of mine and my husband's stay. As a preface, I am handicap to an extent and the reason for using certain entrances is based on this..
The evening we arrived it had snowed but had stopped by the time we got to the hotel. We parked on the left side entrance from the main doors which had not been shoveled. As I was walking to the doors I slipped on the snow and ice and slid into the rocks. When we finally made it inside our key was demagnetized so it took even longer to get in and warm up though it hadn't been mentioned that this could happen.
We spent the next day staying in and had noticed that no one had gone to shovel the entry way yet even though it was sunny and no snow was in the forecast. The next morning(Monday) we were woken by a fire alarm going off and had to run out quickly. Let me add that the sidewalk to the entryway had still NOT BEEN SHOVELED from where I originally fell. The alarms were going off because of several burst pipes on the 4th floor and immediate flooding. Once we got clearance to go back in the alarms kept going off and on. We went through the rest of our day, though now in pain from the fall combined with the activity of the alarms and myself being handicapped made for a difficult escape from the alarms. To put the cherry on top of our disaster stay, as we were settling in for the night I noticed the carpet in front of our door was soaked and it was this way to the closet. Our room had a pool of water in front of it and was flooding. We were offered a 2nd floor room or a refund of our stay, and at that point we were ready to leave. It was 11 at night and we had no energy to pack up, unpack, and repack. We were told there was no management on duty at night and no one knew how to refund but we would hear from someone soon. It's now over a month later and we have yet to get our refund. If you're looking to stay somewhere in Springs Let me recommend anywhere else!! The staff is not knowledgeable, the management is not present, especially during an emergency situation, and they clearly do not care about their guests or follow up. Probably not the best decision to make during a pandemic when businesses are failing.

I've called this location 3 times attempting to make a reservation Tanica is the worst employee I have ever encountered all I need to know is will my box truck fit at your location. 3 hours later 2 call backs and she still hasn't looked to see if she has room. Pathetic excuse of a employee pure lazy. She just turned down a loyal customer cause she is to lazy to do her job. I seriously hope corporate looks into this she doesnt deserve to be paid if she is going to refuse to do her job.

Rooms are remodeled and clean. Hotel is quiet and it is one of the nicer hotels in the airport area

The room I'm in is small. The heater/air conditioner is blocked by one of the beds which blocks the airflow throughout the room. It is hot by the bed, but freezing cold in the bathroom by the entry door. There is not a television guide in the room and the on tube television guide does not correspond to the channels we get on the TV. The price as an IHG member is extremely high which the clerk did not tell us of until she ran our credit card. The entry way looks nice & appealing, but once inside the room...total disappointment.
My stay is disappointing at this hotel especially since I am in Colorado Springs for my Uncle's funeral.
AFTER I made this true post, the Hotel Manager called me harassing me about my post.
Did I mention the bedrails on the bed by the window/air conditioner/heater were wider than the bed. Thus evertime I went to open and/or close the shade (which has holes in it) up and/or down, I bumped my shin. And yes, I reported this information prior to my post.

No hotel shuttle from the airport to the hotel
Light in commode area not working
The telephone not working
The refrigerator door would not close making it unusable
Bathroom sink stopped up
The "guest link" on TV loose and falling out.
The bathroom sink faucet was broken rendering it unusable
Window blind stuck in the down position
It was like a 3rd world country.

Lets start with the good.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable so why 2 out of 5?  First the staff.  When I checked in I asked if my reservation was associated my IHG rewards number, it was not.  That seemed odd since my reservation was showing in my IHG app but I wrote my IHG number on the check in form as requested and was assured it would be fixed.  It was not.  On check out there was no record of my IHG account associated with my stay so we tried again.  We'll see if I get credit.  I was told at check in my room rate included breakfast (also included in my reservation details on my app) but that hotel policy required you go to the desk each morning to get a breakfast voucher.  When I asked why I had to request a voucher every morning for 4 days I was told that's just our policy.  Each morning I'd request a voucher and each morning I was told your room rate does not include breakfast.  I'd show the front desk person my reservation that clearly stated my room rate did include breakfast and they would grudgingly provide the voucher.  Great way to start your day.  No one appears to have cleaned up trash in the hotel parking lot for months (see pictures).  It does not make a good first impression inspire confidence in the safety of the hotel when the parking lot looks like a this one.  Finally traffic noise.  Lots of hotels are close to busy roads but they typically have good sound insulation, not this one.  Be prepared to listen traffic noise from Hwy 24, Aeroplaza and Fountaine Rd all night.  I can not recommend this hotel.

The room was clean and quiet. The staff was friendly and helpful.
They also had a nice little restaurant attached. I wouldn't mind staying with them again.

Nice 👍😊

Never disappointed.

Was nice 🙂 and clean not too busy 🙂

The room was beautiful & clean, the restaurant food was very good & the staff was kind & helpful.   Definitely would stay again.

The staff was the absolute rudest i have dealt with since this pandemic has started...the manager being the worst ...if you are visiting Colorado Springs i suggest you find somewhere else to stay

the pandemic

Great service at the front desk. Somethings were broken down. Nice staff and good food in the restaurant.  We will go back.

This hotel was perfect for us to visit as our son at Peterson AFB. Very clean 1stç

Un hotel muy caro y fue horrible la estancia las lámparas no servían y otras estaban quebradas las camas eran muy incómodas la cafetera y el refrigerador no servían el cuarto estaba sucio se escuchaba el ruido del cuarto de un lado así no se podía dormir tampoco por el ruido la piscina era muy pequeña y era fría el jacuzzi no era tan caliente el agua y también era muy pequeño nos quejamos y no hicieron absolutamente nada 🤮🤮🤮y la ubicación muy mala

It's okay due to covid they stop serving hot breakfast. You have to ask the front desk for a bag and it's either sweets or a breakfast sandwich. The housekeeping got me worried since they change the bed sheets and pillowcasing but not the actual pillows themselves so if someone cough and sneeze into the pillow you might be screwed.

Very clean,I attended a baby
Shower there,very clean,well organized.
The only downfall was there was no attendant to assist the host.
She had to send guest out to retrieve like water refills.
Other than that very enjoyable
atmosphere.

Very nice room for the price

The staff were nice, room was clean & bed was comfy.
This is the perfect place to run away too. Will return soon.
And the bathroom mirror 😁 amazing, loved it💜💜

Terrible service. Messed up my reservation.

Great place to stay.

Friendly, clean, very nice room

Luxurious, comfortable. Quiet🙂

Already left a lengthy review - don't stay here.

I've booked at the Hilton in L.A. before, and this place can compare. Excellent!

Please clean the halls and pool areas.... and please fix the elevator...

Room was nice but shower wasnt the best at draining, nothing that cant easily be fixed. Plus the attached restaurant was very convienent.

Love

Amazing

My husband and I spent our hooneymoon here on new years eve. It was great the staff was helpful and it was very clean.

Pleasant place, free breakfast, clean and quiet environment. The front desk staff were very attentive and compassionate. Lori was particularly exceptional, always with a smile and very approachable.

Great service and was comfortable. Has pool

Nice place.. really clean.  Busy,  though, during the summer. But that's expected.

Friendly staff. The restaurant was great too.  No problems

Friendly staff

Nice place clean and friendly able to get us in late

Reason I gave 2 stars is that  when we arrived there, they have an issue with their wifi already . And, never been addressed since our stay there.
Our room was allocated at 4th floor, and, believe me was so noisy with some pigeons living in the rooftop! Quite sad due been using Holiday Express Inn for quite sometime for business and leisure.

Great hotel

Very nice

Check-in procedure was ridiculously slow! And they gave us handicapped room because we made our reservation thru Priceline.  This is not what I expected because we checked in to another Holiday Inn express yesterday and the service was Excellent.  This property is run down and by the way, the sheets were so wriggled and I thought someone already slept on it!  I will definitely NOT recommend this property.

5 stars for the team! I left my bag at this location and the team kindly organized for it to be relocated to a holiday inn closer to my residence - very helpful! Thanks Tasha!

When went to check in they were not able to get us a room as we wanted to just pay cash. I thought that was ridiculous!

Very helpful and friendly staff..clean up to date rooms. A great place to spend one or ten days at

Ehh... yeah it's a decent hotel, but way too overpriced

Clean rooms, comfortable beds, friendly staff and good restaurant on site

Very nice staff, in-house restaurant with room service, comfy bed and pillows, unique bathroom set up for privacy, and updated plug ins for business professionals and next door to HIExpress

La atención de Maritza y Barbara la mejor . Super recomendado . Bien limpio y bonito cerca de tiendas y restaurantes buen estacionamiento. Pero la atención del front desk de Maritza y Barbara creo es una de las mejores en muchos años. Ya saben super recomendado.

Is holiday inn is a hotel pool work out room and a nice bar

I had not planned to stay at this hotel but circumstances change and I have ended up here for 3 nights.
The hotel was easily located although google maps brings you into the back of the hotel rather than the front. There is a shared entrance with Holiday Inn Express.
It is a fresh modern looking hotel.
Outside is taken care of and does not cause you to question whether you want to stay.
The lobby is inviting with a restaurant bar to the right lounge area in the middle and reception to left.
Mollie welcomed us and was very friendly. She promptly and efficiently handled the process.
The rooms were easily located and are very nicely equipped.
A pleasant modern decor.
The light switches were aggravating to find as they were small and hidden by the light. Reading light on bed is a great feature.,
Microwave, fridge and plenty of room in the king room.
The bathroom/ toilet is spacious although the toilet is hidden initially by the door. It was clean and everything worked.
The rolling desk is a great feature and allows you to move it around room and not be stuck in a corner.
Lots of counter and drawer space too.
The television while functional and adequate but was small for the room and off centered. It was amounted on an adjustable mount but needed to be moved 1 to 2 feet if you wanted to watch from bed or couch.
T op marks for av connectability and interface and multiple usb plugs available for charging.
This room also was wired for ethernet qith cords readily available and accessible.
The bed was comfortable and coffee maker was a keurig. Paper cups and plastic glassware are cheap and detract from experience.

Overall exceeds my expectation.

Nice people nice place. Clean

Loved it

Cleaning and some of the crew members were great

Great place to stay.

Comfy and near airport. We happen to stay there for 2 days due to hurricane - cancelled flights. Welcoming Staff and good quiet environment. Have mountain view from room, pleasent sight in the morning. A place for real vacation.

Aesthetically pleasing facility. The bed was comfortable, my room was very clean, I will definitely stay here again.

Room felt a tad bit dated. The restaurant downstairs was good though.

The rooms were clean and nice. I got a room with Groupon and I saved a lot. They had a small workout room, inside pool and a hot tub.
The room had one king size bed that was comfortable
There was places to plug in phones and laptops.
No free breakfast but a restaurant and bar were in the hotel. They had microwave, safe and refrigerator.

Great customer service, clean rooms,. Friendly workers

Amazing staff. Rooms are good. No complimentary breakfast, but there is an adjacent restaurant. Standard gym and pool for these hotels. Overall, good experience.

Extremely spacious room. Very comfortable sheets and pillows! They had a full service restaurant with friendly staff! Food was very good!

Nice modern rooms with all the bells and whistles. Friendly staff

My pick every time from now on.... The restaurant and service was great. Bed was so comfortable!

We will be going back.

We had a very nice experience.  Rooms were very clean and the beds were very comfortable.  Kids under 12 get a free breakfast at the adjoining restaurant.  Good amount of space in the rooms, staff were friendly.  No complaints!

Good staff and convenient food and drinks at the bar

Stayed here for a week while attending a training. The room was fairly standard, including the typical amenities, a mini fridge, microwave, desk. However, I was given a handicapped room which I didn't like. The room was cleaned well every day and the hotel staff was nice. The gym was basic with a single treadmill, bike, elliptical, and a small rack of free weights, but they had a pretty nice indoor pool and hot tub. Fortunately, the hotel is only 10 mins from the Air Force base so if you really want to gym it can happen. They didnt offer a continental breakfast but instead had vouchers for free breakfast at the attached restaurant. The breakfast food their was good and the waitress extremely friendly and attentive.

Disappointed to learn after I checked in that this was one of the few Holiday Inn locations that does NOT have a complimentary breakfast. Room was okay but the bathroom had not been cleaned/refreshed with new towels after the last guests. Still had the soap and wrapper in the shower from their stay.

Our stay here was not super great.  That being said a few things were done well

Pros:
Easy access to rooms from backside of hotel
Lots of parking
Shuttle
Room was clean
Staff was friendly
Cookies in the evening
Kids loved the pool

Cons:
Maintance issues
Washer and dryer broke
Vending machines broke
No breakfast
Public bathrooms next to the pool weren’t cleaned (saw a bag of trash in there for the entirety of our stay)
Location was not great

???:
Weird partition bathroom doors

We would probably choose a different hotel in the future.

Love this place! Amazing staff as well!!!

Room was great. Service was good. But watch out if booking thru Expedia - you have to select the "breakfast" option.

Beautiful hotel with a friendly staff and amazing views!

The employees we're great every one of them! The grounds around the hotel we're disgusting they were weeds everywhere the grass wasn't trimmed manicuring what is the worst I've seen in any holiday in that I've ever been in.  The grounds maintenance around the hotel with the worst I've ever seen

Great staff, clean rooms, and free cookies!

Beautiful peak views on 4th floor toward range.

I was there for a meeting and it was very nice

I haven't been applying myself herein more often.

Expensive for what they offer. No complimentary breakfast. There is a free airport shuttle. Stayed there on American Airlines dime due to mechanical problems.

Room are spacious and comfortable. Lots of storage area as well. Mini fridge and microwave is available in room.
Reason for just 2 star rating - we found a used condom in the room, and it was on study desk (not hidden in a corner where someone would miss to clean it)
Really disappointed with the cleaniness of room.

Edit - I reported the issue to front desk yesterday but supervisor hasn't called back yet. I reported it again this morning and we are checking out today.

Edit 2 - supervisor called and apologized and they also offered to refund for one night stay. Changing rating to 3 because they at least admitted the mistake and offered some compensation

In the midst of the most absurd and ridiculous travel falderal I’ve ever experienced, this Holiday Inn and the staff who operate it was the much needed oasis which kept me from going completely postal. Actions by the staff that I would catagorize as going above and beyond was nothing more than their standard operating procedures. Friendly, kind, and sympathetic to the human traveling experience. All-star team who demonstrated the level of excellence of IHG and why I am an IHG guy.

Price was good things where clean and staff was friendly forgot my toothbrush and they gave one to me with toothpaste breakfast was good but was hoping for biscuits and gravy but hey can’t always get what you want over enjoyed they stay and will be back when heading home for a night

This was a very refreshing stay. The room was spacious and comfortable. The bed was firm and comfortable and you had a variety of pillows to choose from. I would definitely recommend it and I’ll stay here again if I come back to Colorado Springs.

In addition to our survey comments where we said how much we really like this hotel, and all other Holiday Inn Express hotels where we have stayed in the past, we just wanted to make one other comment. The lighting in the room is really great. The one suggestion we would have is that the bathroom lighting is really bright. I'm not sure anything can be done about this, but if there was a dimmer switch where you could adjust the lighting to even just a little dimmer, that would be great. That really is the only thing we could suggest. We absolutely love this hotel and it's staff. Great experience!

Poor communication of cost! As a member, the cost should of been lowered. $160 was way to much for 1 night!!

The hotel was clean and quiet. Just what we wanted. It was easy access to all the things we were in town to do.

The view from the lounge and from some rooms have a great view of the mountains. Ken, the manager was very friendly and cared about service. The breakfast room worker was constantly monitoring the area. The fresh coffee machines that ground the beans for each cup were great.

As an IHG member, I’ve stayed in many Holiday Inn Hotels. This would have been fairly typical, however, my friend, who is an amputee was with me this time. The handicap accessible room requested wasn’t that. The only difference in a typical room was the one bar in the shower. Did we just not get the right room?  Don’t know yet as the hotel was booked and largely so was every hotel. I intend to find out more but she and I have decided not to stay here in the future.

The work-out facilities were minimal and the pool and hot tub were closed, so very disappointing.  The room was no frills, but served the purpose.

Good stay with our kids travel team, good lobby for hangout time, the pool was down but only to be repainted which is nice seeing them be proactive on maitenance

Had to ve moved to 3 different rooms before one was clean. Hair and food and mold.

We absolutely loved this location. Close to our entertainment venue, dining, and family. Tameka was a joy to work with, she kept us laughing and made check-in effortless. The mountain view from our third floor room was beautiful. The 24hr coffee is nice and delicious. Overall, this will be our location of choice for future travel to Colorado Springs.

Positive: Cleanliness, friendly staff, good breakfast, coffee available 24/7 Negative: ""

The staff was so helpful and caring, check in was a breeze! Upon entering the hotel you were met with a fresh, clean scent, it was so clean! The rooms were very clean , the water was nice and HOT for showering. ! Breakfasts were delicious, appreciated the fresh hot coffee day and night!

Was moved to a different room late at not after hair was in bath tub and the bathroom was unclean.  Then heard loud bouncing sound between 1 and 3 am.  We did not rest at all after driving 12 hours.  Would not recommend

We absolutely loved this location. Close to our entertainment venue, dining, and family. Tameka was a joy to work with, she kept us laughing and made check-in effortless. The mountain view from our third floor room was beautiful. The 24hr coffee is nice and delicious. Overall, this will be our location of choice for future travel to Colorado Springs.

Our family of six loved the spacious room with three queen beds and a couch - perfect for all of us! However, we needed an extra towel since there were only three available. I called the front desk, and Ken promptly delivered the towels within two minutes. But was wondering if they allow pets in that room . Coz my son has tiny bites on his legs .

Excellent rooms, Yummy Breakfast, Awesome view of Pikes Peak from the hotel.

I want to give a shoutout to the people who are behind the scenes, The people who we don't see, as in the cleaners especially Anne she's the best, and I wish her the best. She was really sweet and made sure we had everything we needed, I hope to see her again she definitely made me consider to stay at this hotel again :)

All was good except some improvement in shower water pressure would be appreciated. TV channels were difficult to navigate, and the bacon was over cooked.
But again, all in all it was a great place to stay.

Great hotel, rooms are smaller but staff was amazing.

This location has the standard of most all locations which is hard to beat. Clean, friendly, great rooms and services. Easy to check in and out. Helpful with any changes. Also, a nice advantage when looking for hotels and able to use points.

I’ve stayed three times for business and every time has been awesome!  Ken and his team practice the lost art of customer service. I think it was Cesar Ritz that said, “there are no problems, only opportunities.”  This team does that. Great breakfast, clean rooms, top quality customer service.  You won’t go wrong staying here. Thank you staff.  (Brandon and all the others.). Keep up the good work. Cheers!

I stay here when I come to Colorado Springs. It is exactly what you’d expect with a Holiday Inn. Breakfast is a decent selection and the rooms are clean. The Mountain View’s on the west side are amazing. I’ve spoken with Hazel at the front desk a couple times, while at this location, and she is so sweet and kind.

We got settled in on the 2nd floor. Unfortunately we discovered that a middle school basketball team booked the whole 3rd floor. Apparently it seems as their BBall tournament was being hosted in the room above ours. For hours, these clowns went full Johnny Knoxville in the room above us until well into the night. I couldn’t take it anymore. Contacted front desk staff and she too was at her wits end with them. Staff was very accommodating and  moved us to the floor above the team and we were finally able to get some rest. Staff is awesome, actually good coffee and their breakfast was pretty good too.

Beautiful property with several stand outs: the coffee bar serving freshly ground coffee, the breakfast, the comfortable, clean room and warm, comfortable bed. 
*The coffee bar sets IHG HOLIDAY INN apart from most others. It’s a WOW factor.

Excellent service, very friendly staff, clean accommodations.

We had a great experience at the Hotel. The room and entire hotel were in excellent condition! All of the staff we met were cheerful, helpful and accommodating. One of our very best stays with IHG.

Loved the Mountain View. Very comfortable, very clean, everyone was really friendly and helpful. Great location to stay. Breakfast was good and service was great.

We really enjoy staying here when we need to be in the springs.

Excelente opción de hospedaje.
Ubicado en una zona muy tranquila y con vistas a las Rocky Montains en cada amanecer.
Cuenta con estacionamiento gratuito.
El personal muy amable, atento y sobre todo servicial.
Las instalaciones impecables, un lobby muy agradable.
Las habitaciones amplias, confortables, las camas en excelente estado y permitieron un descanso apropiado. Los blancos impecables.
El baño, limpio y con lo necesario para una estadía placentera.
El desayuno de buen sabor y con opciones varias para combinar, las bebidas muy ricas.
El personal de la cocina mantiene el orden y limpieza y se asegura que no falte ningún alimento.
Se ofrecen snacks alimentos para microondas (las habitaciones cuentan con cafetera, microondas y refrigerador)
Fue una muy buena elección hospedarnos con ellos.

Close to several food places.

Positive: The hotel is clean. Staffs are kind and polite. Negative: ""

Great one night stay.  Staff was friendly.  Clean room.  Breakfast options were great.  We will be staying here again in the future and recommending to our friends and family.  Thank you

This is a super nice holiday inn. The staff was helpful with our questions on where to park a U-Haul. The room was clean and had a view of the front range. The breakfast was good and even had potatoes and gluten free bread which you usually don’t see at holiday inns.

We usually love coming to this location, easy access to I25 and Powers.  Lots of food and entertainment options.  However the "breakfast" offered seems to be slipping.  The "omelets" were greasy, could hardly get them down.  The scrambled eggs were SUPER watery.  Weve stayed here many times before and the breakfast has always been part of the selling point, plus their coffee machine!

Great place to stay and amazing staff. Wonderful stay thank you again!!

Very nice property. Clean and comfortable room and close to our doctor's office in north Colorado Springs. We will continue to use this hotel for our status in Colorado Springs.

Thank you for your support and understanding.  Staff was very Professional specially Hazel in the front desk, who took the time to accommodate my needs and resolve issues that arise as a matter of course of business.

Positive: "" Negative: Noisey neighbor but it wasn’t the hotels fault just rude people

5 Star!!

location was perfect.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The front desk staff seemed to be inconvenienced by our check in, like we were interrupting their conversation. The rooms need some upkeep.

Newer building. Love the layout. Have breakfast and outdoor pool as well as a gym. Lots of restaurants near by. Dunkin donuts, in-n-out, baskin robbins, boba. Love the location.

I booked here at the last minute due to changes in my schedule. It was a good hotel. Everything feels well taken care of. One thing to watch out for is outdoor amenities are all closed (pool, hot tub, fire pit) and it’s still early on in October which is kind of annoying as the app had NO mention of any of this so I was basing it off of the listed hours on the app.

Would come again, clean stay, good breakfast, attentive staff, and good location.

Positive: The employee at the counter when we arrived went above and beyond. Negative: Nothing

We’ve stayed here before and will stay here again. Never had an issue. Always clean, well maintained. Breakfast is well stocked and fresh. Staff friendly. No issues

my wife visited family in Colorado Springs and always enjoy staying at any holiday inn express this one definitely one of the better ones and the staff is so helpful and friendly

Great location, comfortable room, sheets were soft, cool, and perfect. The view was incredible.
I had no concerns and really enjoyed my stay

We spent two nights at this hotel. What made it such a great experience - was the staff! Everyone was so helpful, kind, thoughtful and friendly.

When I arrived, the front desk clerk told me there would be a $20 incidental hold, refundable at checkout, which was fine. She then charged me for the full stay AND the $20 hold, and said I could use Apple Pay. The transaction showed as processed on my end, and I was given my room keys.

A few minutes later, I received a call from the front desk saying my payment “didn’t go through.” That was not true, because Apple Pay clearly showed it processed. Then the manager, Tamika, came out and told me their system “does not work with Apple Pay” — something that should’ve been mentioned before processing the transaction. Because I didn’t have my physical card with me, I had to pull up the card virtually, and she manually typed in the card number to charge me again. By the next morning, I noticed multiple charges from Holiday Inn on my account. To make matters worse, when I returned to my room later that day, my key had been deactivated because they said my stay was only booked for one night. I had to go back to the front desk, explain everything again, and was told they needed to reissue a key or move me to another room.

The entire situation was confusing, unprofessional, and exhausting. I was overcharged several times, had to spend time on the phone with corporate after my stay to get the extra charges removed, and never received a clear explanation from the staff about what went wrong.

This was supposed to be a simple, two-night stay — instead, it turned into a billing mess and unnecessary hassle. I will not be returning to this location and would strongly caution anyone using Apple Pay or expecting straightforward service to think twice before booking here.

A very enjoyable 6 night stay to visit my family close to her home and the Airforce Academy.
We would stay here again.

Positive: Staff, location Negative: ""

I stay here several times a year and every time I visit Colorado Springs.  It is located in a great area with beautiful mountain views.  I often use Holiday Inn and this is a great stay for the price.  Everyone is very friendly.

This place is super solid. The hotel and rooms were immaculate, the breakfast decent, and it felt very safe and well-run. I arrived well after midnight and the woman running the night desk was outstanding.  She could not have been more helpful or cheerful--what a breath of fresh air after a long day of traveling.  100% recommend this place.

The bathroom had about a 4 inch piece of drywall missing on the corner of the wall. It just made the room look rundown. It was very clean. We informed the desk manager of this.

This used to be our go to hotel (almost every weekend we are in Colorado Springs and stay here). This was our last time. The upkeep of the property inside has not been good. There was mold in the bathroom, the room itself didn’t look or feel clean. There was a layer of dust underneath the heater/air conditioner unit in the room. The tv didn’t function (cables must have been loose where we can’t access them). Then a domestic dispute next door broke out. The phone in my room didn’t work and my cell phone didn’t work either (must be in a dead spot) so I couldn’t reach front desk. I wasn’t about to leave my room as the lady and guy who were fighting were in and out of their room. I wasn’t hoping another person would call, but instead people just poked their heads out the door to watch. The lady was screaming and throwing things. Woke our 2 children up and freaked the out. The guys started yelling and slamming things. I would expect this in the ghetto but not here. Let the guy know at the front desk the next morning and told him they might want to check to make sure everything was functioning properly in the room where the domestic occurred. I also let him know that the wall thermostat wasn’t working.

Everything at this hotel was pretty much excellent but the mattress was a little hard for me compared to other IHG stays.

Positive: Location & staff offering 1pm checkout while I waited for my auto repairs to be completed. Negative: ""

Overall excellent experience here! Clean and modern facilities, friendly staff, and easy to access. Plenty of parking available. We were allowed a late checkout which was greatly appreciated, so my granddaughter could freshen up for her senior pictures.

The room was very clean, and the staff was friendly. The location is perfect; it was quiet but within walking distance to food and things. We were also able to park our truck and trailer with no problems.

Not quite what we expected. This Holiday Inn Express is not so close to the Air Force Academy as the name suggests. Not too far away. But not too close either. No sure why the rooms were not completely made up between nights - only towel service, I guess. The toilet bowl is cracked in multiple places. The faucet is broken and very little counter/vanity space. And the wall texture is just ... Weird?

Breakfast food is actually above average for this class of hotel, although the coffee was constantly running out and left empty for a while. The breakfast seating area is pretty tight and difficult to move around.

Overall, a decent stay, but will definitely look at other options next time.

The staff provided exceptional service, from the initial booking process through to our arrival, demonstrating a high level of friendliness and helpfulness. The hotel's interior and exterior were impeccably maintained, and the rooms were exceptionally clean and comfortable. Location  was easy  to find off interstate close to many food and attractions.

Clean and quiet

great location, walking distance to many restaurants and fun stuff. very clean hotel, nice staff and great breakfast selections

Great stay with an amazing view!  Hotel was extremely clean!  We would stay here again.  Close to everything you need.  There was a Sheels, shopping, lots of food and gas choices and the beautiful mountains are breathtaking!

Positive: Clean, all in working order Negative: Would like to have blackout curtains vs. a screen, especially on first floor.

Would have enjoyed it more if they didn't go with the lowest package for tv/Internet.

Most hotels keep the water pressure low but here it was very low. 
Need a doctorate to figure out the tv.

Just outdated but clean. Pets allowed.

Positive: The hotel staff was very friendly. We really enjoyed the breakfast! Our stay was for 3 nights and the options were different each day. The pool was outdoor and heated which was a very nice change to always indoor. Negative: Only one nightstand to share for our entire family is NOT sufficient. How about a couple of small floating ones mounted?

Positive: Good area Negative: ""

The hotel was nice. The breakfast was good. I would stay here again.

We stayed in a 8 room occupany, it was very comfortable to spend the night. Room 201 was Perfect, Bathoroom clean, Beds well made, enough space for all 8. The outside pool water felt very warm even though it was kind of cold and rainy, The Hot Tub was also really nice, not crowded, pleanty of towels. There are ice machines downstairs, you can get Cold water in the gym, Laundry was a Plus, $2.25 to wash, $2.00 to dry. They sell detergent and dryer sheets. Quite, Clean, hotel. Breakfast was great, Its complimentary so NO complains over here. 24hr coffee, was even better. Overall great place to stay. Staff looked friendly. The young lady that checked me in and out the next day was super friendly. It was a pleasent night.

Positive: The staff was friendly and helpful. Good breakfast with amazing views on the patio. Kuerig coffee in the room. Location was great. Negative: ""

We had truly a great experience at this hotel. It was very comfortable and the staff was awesome. It had one of the probably best breakfast buffets,  complimentary than any other Holiday Inn we stayed at. I had a late night incident after 10pm where I felt the room next to me was a little loud. So I text to the front desk.  And they responded and fixed it immediately. So the staff was very friendly, very attentive and very helpful, the entire time.

Had a great time for the hours I stayed
Had a great time with a best friend
Much needed away time 
Loved the view 
Wish you could check in sooner 
Snacks and drinks variety

We had such a beautiful stay here and got a stunning room on short notice. There were so many useful amenities and activities within the hotel and right nearby. The star of the show was really the amazing staff though. Pam checked us in late at night and helped us out a lot with laundry and a great room. Sierra ran the most efficient and impressive breakfast I’ve ever seen. Everything was constantly getting refilled and she was a real pleasure when asking about ingredients. The rest of the staff was also exemplary. We think everyone deserves a raise!

We came to Colorado Springs to meet a friend who was staying there for most of a week.  The friend picked the place.  We & the friend were completely satisfied with our stays.  Thanks you.

Great place to stay. Loved the bunk bead suite. My daughter loved it! A+

Clean, affordable, great location, and friendly staff!

We got here at check in time and had to wait an hour and half to actually check into our room. No management around and the front desk guy seemed not to care. Never going back here again

Stayed 1 night, it didn’t go too good. It was only 1 night so I may give it another chance but not sure.

Arrived at check-in and was told no room was ready. Came back 25 minutes later, was checked in and given a room. Opened the door and immediately noticed the room had not been cleaned yet. So back down to the front desk. Got put in another room, no explanation besides “Sorry about that”.

The next room was very clean and I was happy. Beds were comfortable, good water pressure in shower. Lots of storage space and large TV. The bathroom could use a few extra wall hooks for wet towels and swimsuits to hang.

I contacted the desk thru the text feature to ask how much it would be to extend my stay by 1 night as my trip had to unexpectedly be extended. I was told that I would have to check out and then into another room as mine was booked, the cost was way more than I originally payed too. So I opted to book elsewhere for the same price but a hotel with more amenities and early check in which turned out great!

Breakfast was good, great selection and staff kept everything available.

Pool/Hot tub…..well, the hot tub was colder than the pool, space was nice though with views of the mountains. I wanted to use the hot tub my check out day, but it was freezing.

Beautiful property, room was clean and in excellent condition. The bathroom was so nice!!

Brand new hotel! Great location! Near in and out plus nice sit down restaurants. Staff was somewhat slow a few times but none the less kind and helpful. GREAT hotel for the price.

I usually love a Holiday Inn, and apparently have been spoiled with previous stays.  

Our room was not ready upon arrival after twelve hours in the car.  We arrived at 7:30.

Our soap in shower never was refilled or replaced in our five days.  It was empty. 

Also had four people in the room and everytime were left three towels.  

The hot tub was repaired our last day.  So no relaxing after hikes.  The pool was also shut down for a couple days, and one day was planned to lay out and enjoy the sun.  We were told we may go next door, but the employee knew no details as far as if it was inside or outside. Hot tub or not.  How we would access either.  

It was so noisy in our room!

I did enjoy the location and options nearby.  
The breakfast was always plentiful as well, and decent for continental, the same options as all Holiday Inns.

I have stayed at some great Holiday Inns, but not this one! |Chose this for the outdoor pool which was broke most of our five days, hot tub was all but the last day.  |The walls are thin, I had to ask daily for clean towels, and our soap in the shower wasn’t refilled once.  |I would definitely spend extra and stay elsewhere!

Very poor hotel needs to be renovated rooms were very damp and had an odor they were loud fro
 Noise above sounded like people moving or jumping until 2am towels felt wet and also had an odor my wife was very disappointed

Take away water pressure in the shower, the rooms are perfect! Always a clean hotel and all the workers are super nice but each morning, the breakfast was out of stock of something or the pancake machine wasn't working at the time of us getting breakfast..

Everything was great with the hotel. Except for dirty walls in our room and not having a tenant there when we arrived for check in.

Great night stay clean room friendly staff,great location

We needed 2 rooms and they put it on totally different floors and only 3 beds in total

I visited the hotel to deliver Door Dash order. The staff was helpful. And the hotel looked modern and up to date. Very clean and beautiful and very busy.

Everything took longer than it should have, and was a lower quality than it should have been for the price. Not the worst place I've stayed, but given the expense this was quite bad. I expect a major brand to have functional AC in the lobby and food at the breakfast. Trash shouldn't be overflowing from the lobby cans

Positive: The staff was very helpful Negative: ""

The hotel is clean and in a great location close to restaurants, highway and stores. The beds are very comfortable. Staff is friendly check in is easy and fast. The breakfast is usually really good but on this stay they ran out of juice, cream cheese and scrambled eggs. The employee working that area was very kind but she did not have the items to put out. I am sure it was just because of the amount of guests in the hotel since we have always had no problems with the breakfast there .We stay at this hotel every time we are in Colorado Springs and it has always been a great stay.

Staff was slow and did nothing about moise complaints.  Breakfast was average

The hotel is clean and staff is friendly. The problem was the parking. They charge $20 a night and there is nowhere else to park. The garage is empty and a pain to get luggage to and from. This price should be included in the price of the stay, or waived completely because of the inconvenience. I wouldn’t stay here again because of this issue.

This was the best holiday inn I have ever been to. Definitely recommend

Staff and overall experience was excellent. Our only issue were not enough towels, no extra garbage bags, half roll toilet tissue & half box of tissue! I truly feel that there should be a full box of Kleenex, and two full toilet paper rolls. 
On another note, everyone at the front desk was excellent ESPECIALLY Felicia

Positive: Close to highway and shopping Negative: Tv channels

Loved the location. The atmosphere was excellent and the rooms very nice and clean. The breakfast had numerous food items. Would recommend to family and friends.

Excellent staff

The rooms were clean, check in was very simple but breakfast was apparently at 7 on the weekends. The website and IHG app said 6:30. I planned my agenda around this time and this caused big issues for our day. It would be very nice if IHG hotels that included breakfast would make sure they were consistent and consider that traveling people often still have early agendas on the weekends.

Great place overall! 😊

Great staff all around better than the holiday inn Express down south.  Nice area and great view of the mountains.

Jess was absolutely the best thing about visiting! Her kindness, smile and exceptional care was the best I've experienced in the 40 years of visiting IHG properties!

Nice hotel with great Front Desk service. If you want to use the pool, call first. The app gives you confusing info on pool availability & on-site signs are “interesting”. Great location with many new restaurants nearby. The shades in the room are great & actually work. Quiet hotel so you can relax & sleep. Would stay again at this site.

Housekeeping was hard to reach by phone (always busy). The Front Desk service was great. The window shades are push button & actually work!! Great Location!

Great room, amenities, breakfast, and location! Comfy beds. Friendly staff.

They were supposed to start serving breakfast at 6:30 so we came down a few minutes early and had coffee while we waited. At 6:30 several more people came in, expecting to get breakfast. After a while we are all looking at each other and wondering why it's all closed up, meanwhile the guy at the front desk knows we are all waiting patiently but doesn't say anything. 

Finally I asked him if there is going to be breakfast, he said that No, "due to staffing issues nobody was there to make breakfast". 

So... you couldn't have let us know that when we checked in? You couldn't have said something when you saw everyone waiting? What did you think we were waiting for? 

OK, I get it... it's only breakfast, but we pay a little more to stay somewhere for the breakfast. Otherwise we would have gone to the ihop and we would have been on the road by now.

I haven't even mentioned all the cigarette butts and trash that are outside around the front of the property. Maybe the person who didn't show up to make breakfast was the same person who picks up trash.

Friendliest staff at any motel I’ve stayed at in all my years working on the road

As a traveling worker I have stayed in more hotels than I can count. This place is one of the best. Friendliest staff and safest facility I have found in the area

Nice hotel, clean and friendly staff. 
Great breakfast with plenty of choices and well stocked continuously the entire time. Close to many things on the north side of C Springs

Pamela (they front desk receptionist who checked us in) was fantastic! She was extremely nice, upgraded our room without us even asking and offered a late check out without us even asking. She’s a gem! The hotel is super nice! We had a great view of pikes peak and it was super clean!

I work on the road and have stayed in thousands of motels. As far as nice staff, this place is the best

In town working again. Spend a lot of time jumping motels and this one I will always stay at when I’m in town!

Could never get TV remote to operate the TV. Very frustrating!

Clean, comfortable, easy check in, great staff. Location is great for food, etc.

Clean rooms and friendly staff.

The hotel staff provided excellent service throughout our stay. They were attentive, efficient, and always ready to assist with my requests.

This hotel is a great value and is always clean and in good repair. The rooms are comfortable and will allow you to relax and sleep well. I didn't hear any noise from the outside or outside of our room. Corey was very accomadating of our requests (high floor away from elevator). We made the request because my daughter had surgery and needed to have great rest the night before and after her surgery.  Breakfast this stay wasn't as great as it usually is. Breakfast is usually fresh. This stay, there were no pancakes, the muffins seemed dry and the fruit was very under-ripe. There was no yogurt or milk because the fridge was broken. The bathroom this stay wasn't as clean, the mirror was streaked, the toilet didn't flush properly and the shampoo, conditioner, body wash, hand wash and lotion all needed refilled. In addition, the hand wash dispenser is difficult for children to access if they are younger (my daughter is 9 and wasn't able to reach without me lifting her up).  Overall, this is the hotel we always choose to stay at when we are in town.

Wow! Service and breakfast was exactly what you’d want. Our view off the second floor looked at pikes peak too.

Front desk staff was super nice when we arrived and had everything ready for us. The room was clean and the view was killer! We’ve stayed at this location 5 or more times and will continue to come back. Thanks

It’s a stay worth having.

This is a great hotel with very friendly and helpful staff! The rooms were nice and accommodating and the free breakfast was great! It's also in a great location on the outskirts of Colorado Springs.

Our check in process took forever. I think it was just us as everyone else seemed to get checked in quicker. Then our room key didn’t work. By midnight, we finally got settled and the walls are so thin that we heard our neighbors whole conversation on the phone until about 1am then they were up talking again by 6am. Very little sleep even with the fan on that we couldn’t run the whole night as it got too hot or too cold for a baby.

We stayed here during the Thanksgiving holiday and needed a room for a few nights. The room was clean and the staff was great. Isabelle, who was at the front desk, was polite and friendly. The location was clean and the staff was attentive. The room was nice and the breakfast was great too.

Our stay was great. Nice property conveniently located for visiting AF Academy and Pikes Peak rec areas. 



The entire staff - management, front desk, kitchen, workers in the hallways - were friendly and conversational. Everyone greeted you in passing. 



Special shout out to Isabell(a) who was delightful and has great customer skills.

The cleanliness of this hotel is Top notch.. The ease of area food choices around the hotel is fantastic!! The staff is friendly and helpful!!
Parking is easy and there are no additional fees!! Highly recommend this location !!!!

Good easy fun parking. Good fun easy level access to the front door.  Clean floors.   Extremely friendly staff. Comfortable beds.   Quiet room.   Good television.   Clean sheets.   Clean bathroom. Over all a great experience

This was by far one of the best experiences we’ve had. The hotel staff was amazing. Our room was clean, beds and pillows super comfortable, good coffee and food, etc. Would definitely recommend and will be back again.

Clean rooms and common areas.  Everything worked as it should.  Comfortable beds, breakfast was good.  Would come back!

Clean and comfortable hotel with attentive and polite staff.

Clean comfortable hotel with friendly service and easy check in and check out. Good breakfast and the Royal Cup Coffee was amazing.

I regularly stay at this hotel for work and have continuously found it to be a great place to stay. Not only is it close to my work, it is also well situated for dining out while traveling. The staff is always friendly and helpful.

The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean and comfortable. The breakfast was good. The location is convenient.check all the boxes.

This was a very clean Holiday and the front desk was so helpful and polite

Great location, room was nice, staff were super nice.
Close to many food choices. Location is new as well as surrounding area.

Very comfortable and quiet rooms.  Great location.  Breakfast was good - plenty of items and kept well stocked.
Only complaint was only one of two elevators in service  made for long wait times

Great clean room and an extremely comfortable bed, best sleep I have had in a very long time. The amenities of this specific location are awesome, there is so much to offer within a short distance. The staff were also very friendly.

Had a fantastic stay here! Check in and checkout were a breeze and the price was very fair for such a clean and nice room! The hotel is only 20 minutes from Garden of the Gods which was beautiful to explore and it was only about an hour from the legendary pikes peak! It was very convenient being on the north side of Colorado Springs and being able to get back and forth between Denver so easily for work! Perfect location!

Truly a beautiful hotel and location. I stayed there for about a week, and enjoyed every second of my time there. The prices are reasonable, making it an all-around great hotel!

I stay in IHG hotels, 30+ nights a year.  The location was great, easy on and off the interstate. Close to dinning and shopping.

Quick and easy check in, breakfast was also great 👍 would definitely come back.

What sets this hotel apart from others for me personally was their breakfast choices. Lots of healthy options including high protein yogurts, berries, egg white and veggie omelet in addition to the pancake machine which was a hit with my kids. Great coffee bar too.

This stay exceeded all our expectations. Clean. Well-kept. Great breakfast. Nice and quiet.

The beds were convenient, but there was a cockroach ran across the bathroom floor.

Typical IHG, but want to call out front staff, Isabella, as she was outgoing, polite, accommodating, and presented herself professionally.  One of the most positive hotel staff I have had to deal with. 

Room was clean and beds comfortable,

Food was average IHG. 

Downside was the elevator. Only one was working but no signs on the other elevator that was not operating

Met up with friends as planned, all was well until I found a cockroach crawling around by the fridge.

After staying at many IHG properties, this was my best overall experience.

Very nice room.  Staff was great  - efficient and knowledgeable.
  Good selection of breakfast items. Prepared well and kept stocked.

Isabella (front desk) was absolutely fantastic. Service unmatched.  She went above and beyond.  Rooms were great.  A tad narrow, but overall had what we needed.  Breakfast had the basics and was hot.  Location was super convenient and new roads made travel to either side of town a breeze.

My room was definitely not cleaned properly and had dark hair all over the bathroom and a broken drain that was in pieces.

Pleasant stay with comfortable bed, nice location, great breakfast option. Would stay at this place when I’m back to Colorado Springs

Location was perfect for our further travel to New Mexico.  Beautiful mountain views and nice choice of dining in the area.

Would've been a 1-star review, but the young girl working the front desk on the evening of Oct. 9th was super friendly and eager to make our stay as pleasant as possible. She is a perfect person for the hospitality business. Otherwise, this hotel disappointed. DIRTY SHEETS, Paper thin walls, filthy common areas, 1 of 2 out-of-order elevators, so I'm sharing it with a housekeeper with a cart of smelly garbage. Check out the next day was sad. Manager was too busy stuffing her face to deal with customers at the desk... just trying to check out lady! Internet was super slow. New building, already a dump.

Was a great view and had a lot of great accommodations. Was close to everything and very nice and clean. Would recommend this stay to anyone staying in Colorado Springs area.

I was in Colorado Springs on business for 3.5 weeks. Most of my stay was at a different hotel that was horrendous. When my travel was extended, I moved over to this hotel and was finally able to relax in a nice, clean, comfortable room where I wasn't woken up on and off all night with noisy neighbors and multiple police incidences. The staff was kind and courteous unlike the other hotel. Definitely will recommend to my fellow business travelers.

Great view to the mountains stayed there the second time. First time was ok heater in the room never turned off and we had to get an other room. Second time we stayed there only for the hot tube and it was cold two days in a row. Front desk pretended to not know what I’m talking about.

I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn, and it was a pleasant experience overall. The rooms were clean and comfortable, with all the basic amenities I needed. The staff was friendly and helpful, the service was nothing but spectacular as soon as I arrived. It’s a great option for a convenient, no-fuss stay, especially if you’re looking for something reliable.

Beds were nice and comfy. Restroom was not cleaned up to expectations and items were left in the fridge from previous guest.

Breakfast staff was constantly moving, preparing, cleaning and restocking better then most resturants. Hotel maids/cleaners continued to work the halls and prepare rooms.

This hotel was extremely clean, comfortable with a friendly and helpful staff and a great location. Breakfast was great with great choices  Would like to see better quality hair products offered in room also would be nice to have water bottles offered upon check in. Would definitely come back.

Excellent and courteous service, room was clean and comfortable.

Management and staff inconsiderate and make excuses rather than treating travelers and IHG members like valued customers. However, the location is excellent for north Colorado Springs attractions and this location is a new construction and HIE design and layout.

Great location. Hotel is nice and staff are great.

Clean room, comfortable beds, and included breakfast was good.

I had an easy checkin and my room was ready immediately.  I was there for a small gathering of high school friends, and the hotel manager made us very welcome and did everything possible to accommodate us.  The room was very comfortable; my room window faced east so the blackout curtains were essential to a good night's sleep.  The bathroom had whatever I needed.  Breakfast provided by the hotel had a good number of choices available.

The staff was very professional and friendly including the front desk, the cleaning staff, and the breakfast attendant.  They always greeted us and inquired whether we need anything.  Our room was very clean and bed was comfortable.

This location and Manager are rude, inconsiderate and spiteful. I know early checkin is not a right but they made me wait 3 hours sitting in the lobby just because they could because in that three hours no rooms were clean yet. I call BS. I sat in the lobby with the entire cleaning staff why they ate lunch after waiting 2 hours and we all know rooms were clean by 1:30pm and yet when I asked at that time there were still no rooms ready. They  made me continue to wait. Then at the 3 hour mark I watched them check in two different guest and issue keys and rooms before me and had to go back up even though they all knew I've been sitting in front of them for three hours had to ask to check in instead of them calling me up. I asked to see the manager after I got my room key and I heard her tell the desk clerk to lie to me and say "she's on the phone but get his number and I will call him later". Seriously!?!||Bottom line. Don't stay here. They treat you horrible. IHG member or not. Unacceptable.

Service was great. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Breakfast choices were varied and excellent. Desk staff was overboard helpful. Conveniently located to many restaurants and other services.

This location and Manager are rude, inconsiderate and spiteful. I know early checkin is not a right but they made me wait 3 hours sitting in the lobby just because they could because in that three hours no rooms were clean yet. I call BS. I sat in the lobby with the entire cleaning staff why they ate lunch after waiting 2 hours and we all know rooms were clean by 1:30pm and yet when I asked at that time there were still no rooms ready. They  made me continue to wait. Then at the 3 hour mark I watched them check in two different guest and issue keys and rooms before me and had to go back up even though they all knew I've been sitting in front of them for three hours had to ask to check in instead of them calling me up. I asked to see the manager after I got my room key and I heard her tell the desk clerk to lie to me and say "she's on the phone but get his number and I will call him later". Seriously!?!

Bottom line. Don't stay here. They treat you horrible. IHG member or not. Unacceptable.

Have only been to one bad HIE. This is not the one. It’s nice. Good breakfast and good rooms. Couldn’t get tv to work, didn’t try for long though. Nice location could probably have walked to some restaurants. Hooked me up with a razor and shaving cream.

Excellent place to stay , near the USAFA. Good breakfast and the person in charge of the area very clean and responsible. Hotel amenities very good.

Great location. Great breakfast choices. Excellent staff. Very clean. Comfortable beds and beautiful lobby with beverages available. Outdoor fire area. Nice pool too. A wonder Place to stay while in the area.

Friendly polite, staff clean rooms.

Our experience at the Holiday Inn Express Air Force Academy was outstanding on all accounts. It was above and beyond our expectations for quality and value. The staff was courteous and friendly throughout. The accommodations were superb in all areas. The breakfast was outstanding. We recommend this location to anyone traveling to the Colorado Springs area/

We really enjoyed our stay in Longmont. It’s easy to travel anywhere in the area from here. Traffic is light and there are a lot of restaurants and shopping nearby. Service was decent and the rooms are comfortable.

There were 3 of us in the room. We were given a total of 2 washcloths our entire stay and 4 towels. I went to front desk. They handed me one washcloth and stated that they were doing laundry. Took my room number. Never got any more. I couldn't call them because on day one our room phone didn't work. i went to the front desk about that too- Never fixed.

Loved our stay at this holiday inn express! the rooms were very clean with comfortable beds and pillows, and we happen to get a room on the fourth floor with awesome views of the mountains!
The staff was so accommodating and helpful,  like we were the only one staying in the hotel! we use the pantry that they have their because we got in late and needed food and it was perfect to take up to the room and use the microwave to just shower, eat ,and then just lay in bed and not have to run around and find food! If we ever in the Colorado Springs area again, we will definitely be staying at this holiday inn express!

Typical HIX hotel. Works perfectly for me, since I pretty much only slept here. With that said, beds are a little firm and I really wish the toilet paper was softer. But otherwise, I always stay here when I visit the academy.

Great location for vacation needs.  Great atmosphere. Great Pool.

It was convenient for a short stay.   Would have stayed long except for AFA parent weekend crowd.  The view was great and accessible easy.   All services were excellent and we felt the full value of this location

Was  a good location and it felt safe. I arrived close to 3 and no one was at the front desk. 3 employees were in the back talking. I waited quite a while and when I relized they didn't know I was there I peeked around the corner and someone came to check me in, she was very nice and friendly. The beds were really comfortable! I didn't enjoy the breakfast that much.

This location is modern, with very nice facilities. It is clean and in a safe location. The staff was helpful and friendly. The breakfast had a nice selection of items. There are lots of good sidewalks nearby, and there are many excellent food options within a short distance.

Brian at the front desk late night was very helpful

Room was nice some staff could have been better. Hot tub wasn't hot at all. Noise quality was terrible.

We had excellent treatment by staff during our stay. When we arrived, daughter had an accident that staff was so understanding and helpful if, and took care of for us. 
Hotel was well taken care of. Pleased with our visit.

Great stay! Stay here was relaxing and clean. The staff was nice and the place was clean. Breakfast was good and I would recommend this place to others. Love the location as it is in a convenient place.

The hotel itself is awesome. If the amenities would have been taken care of properly. Forgot to add we also didn't have a shower curtain in 2nd room.

Staff was very nice and helpful. The pool was great it was warm and very clean, breakfast was good and variated.

I was here for a business trip that was convenient, great value, and quiet.

The staff that we worked with were not very friendly and when we brought up a safety issue-bag tied around the smoke alarm, we were met with an attitude.

Convenient location off I-25.  Was appreciative of the family room with two rooms- one with king bed and one with two queens; and a small room with fridge, microwave, TV and sofa. Nice breakfast with hot and cold food available.  Washing machine with quarter slots.

The single thing that made this stay better was this 1 desk clerk that was absolutely the best we have ever encountered. She was exceptional! The rooms were kind of small, the shower water pressure was very low. The beds were alright, a little too hard for all of us. Great breakfast choices. Good location. The little outdoor pool was nice but hot tub was only heated to high 80’s low 90’s, so only a little warmer than the pool. Pretty quiet little place.

It would be nice if breakfast started earlier on the weekends but the hotel is very nice, very clean and the staff is friendly.

Overall, a good place to stay.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Room cleaning could use some improvements.

Beautiful, clean and comfortable. Nice facilities, good breakfast.

Great place to stay. Clean and comfortable. Nice beds.

We loved the clean rooms! Everything was neat and tidy. I love getting our room refreshed for each day of our stay - truly helps me relax and enjoy vacation. This location is wonderful- so convenient to dining and shopping  options!

Overall our stay was great.  The front desk person was very polite and nice. However, we were not recognized for our status at check in.  and in fact my husband has to ask for water bottles.  Once he did the front desk person apologized for not recognizing his status, and gave us water bottles and a snack.  Also the pool hours were limited to 9 to 9.  So we could not use the pool.

This was a beautiful hotel with a great view of the mountains.  The bed was clean and comfortable. The only drawback was that it was raining, so we couldn't use the pool and spa.  It was a really good visit.

We were happy with our stay and have no complaints. Front desk staff was nice and helpful and rooms were clean.

Room was clean, Staff was friendly, Room size could have been a little bigger.

Close to everything lots of restaurants, shopping, and activities near by. From some areas of the hotel you can see the  mountains. The location is quiet even with 50 teenage girl soccer players staying the same nights.

Check in/desk staff were very friendly. Hotel clean and smelled fresh. I really appreciated the large room with a queen bedroom, a king and sofa bed room, and another sofa bed room. I love being able to keep my children with me instead of a room down the hall. A mirror and sink outside the bathroom would be nice. Loved the  around the clock coffee, hot chocolate, and tea. Breakfast was good except I had to listen to the cook bad mouth the owner of the hotel over a whole slew of things.

The hotel and room was nice. We got it solely for proximity to our event so we could walk. Overall exactly what we expected it was rather expensive though.

Great hotel! Staff were awesome! It was quiet, no kids or ppl running down the halls. Felt safe and comfortable

Had everything we needed, was clean, staff was efficient during check in.

I have a choice and I travel for a living.  I prefer HIE over even 4 stars.  The food is good, the place is always clean! The staff is the best, nationwide!!!

The staff was friendly and accommodating, and the rooms were clean.

We enjoyed the room, breakfast was less than desirable since an oven was out. However, there are many places to eat within walking distance and the patio view was a great place to unwind from a day of driving

The room layout was perfect for families- a king bed and a bunkhouse nook. We loved the separation and privacy from the kids.

I was highly disappointed with this property.  If it wouldn’t have been such a hassle to change hotels with the 6 of us, we would have.

The rooms are small but clean, good furniture.

Very clean rooms and no problems with staff. Location was nice. Has free breakfast with many things including burritos and pancakes. Sadly, there is no waffles.

It was within walking distance to entertainment, shops, and food. Rooms are nice and comfortable the doors are heavy and the patio doors didn't lock. The patio was lovely with a mountain view.

Clean rooms and good location. The kids enjoyed the swimming pool too. Breakfast was good quality except for the very rude guy managing the breakfast area. He was disrespectful to patrons and was borderline yelling at kids. Other reviews mentioned a bald white guy being disrespectful. I think it is the same person.

To Whom It May Concern,

We recently stayed at the Holiday Inn located at 9856 Federal Dr, Colorado Springs for four days. Our otherwise pleasant stay was severely marred by the behavior of one staff member, John, a bald white man in his 50s who manages the breakfast area. Every single day, John was consistently rude and mean to both children and adults in our group. Initially, we thought he might be having a bad day, but his unpleasant demeanor persisted throughout our stay.

I strongly urge management to address this issue to prevent other guests from experiencing the same mistreatment. It is imperative that appropriate action is taken against this individual to maintain the hotel’s standards and reputation.

Make sure you check the rate you are being charged. The room rate I secured online changed twice between the time I checked in and checked out. The front desk said they corrected it twice and now the charge on my card is not correct.

Great place to stay. In the middle of everything fun to do. Clean and new hotel. Staff is great. The are of the property is not over crowded or to busy.

Room was nice but bathrooms too small for the price we paid

The front desk staff was awesome—they kindly resolved issues we had with the third party website we booked on and made us feel welcome and valued. Simply put, we had been so conditioned to receiving poor customer service from others that we were taken aback by the excellence of yours and immensely grateful to be the recipients of such grace and professionalism.

All the staff was very helpful, friendly & patient. Our housekeeper Audrina was especially helpful with some special requests. Room, facilities and pool we all nice, clean and well kept. Good breakfast, pool gets afternoon sun, great Mountain View’s from our room and the patio. Would definitely stay here again if in the area!

Our room had a strange smell the entire time we were there. Breakfast was not good - and the options only rotated slightly every day for 3 days. We asked our room to be made up after the third night and we were told they don’t provide fresh sheets or make the beds. When my husband asked about it, he was told the front desk clerk could give him fresh sheets and he could make it himself because she wasn’t going to do it! 

The pool water was cloudy and the pool-side chairs were few and very worn

This hotel was clean and safe.  It was centrally located to Garden of the Gods, the AF Academy, Focus on the Family, etc. The roads were easy to drive nearby.

Mary and Ducklyn the front desk agent was very friendly and knowledgeable about the area! He made me feel welcomed and highly recommend this hotel!

Love that everything was so clean and the employees were so friendly and attentive. Very close to lots of places to eat and the area was nice clean and quiet!

Große Zimmer, alles neuwertig. Frühstück OK und mit schöner Aussicht. Das Umfeld besteht aus Hotels, Klinikum und Akademien.  In der Nähe viele Restaurans. Insgesamt empfehlenswert 👍

Nice small hotel (4 floors) so not many people to crowd the pool or food lines. Friendly staff. Wish we were able to use the fire pit as it was always taken.

We arrived at Colorado Springs holiday inn for a one night stay. We got in half an early and were not sure if the room would be ready. Luckily for us, the staff was very pleasant and got us checked in quickly and our room was ready in 10 minutes. We had 2 queen beds; the room was very spacious and clean with clean bathroom and plenty of clean towels. The breakfast at the hotel was also very good. Overall we had a very pleasant stay.

Holiday inn always delivers on room cleanliness and quality, the breakfast could be a little more fresh though, it was a bit overcooked

I was downgraded from the room I booked weeks ago, which should have been my first clue about how my stay would go. As someone who had stayed at IHG hotels for over a decade this wasn't a great way to start. I still to pay for the more expensive room I booked.  Next the bathroom had hair all in the bath, the toiletries were empty. Trying to sleep was impossible. Sounded like I was under a hallway, could also hear every door on the floor above, my floor and below close all night. So very very loud. The walls were so thin. Someone had their TV on really loud and you couldn't really hear anything besides that for hours. I don't think I'll be booking another IHG for my next stay in a couple of months. Wasn't worth the money at all. Not sure I'll book another IHG ever. That was a really bad experience. The one day I went to breakfast there was an employee taking about religion the whole time. He was kind of badgering a couple about it. Only good part is, I got a toothbrush and toothpaste when I asked for them.

Website says King bed with two twin beds and living quarters, instead we got a king bed with bunk beds that were in a closet type area with no air flow and no living space. Hard to relax with a family in the room. Had to ask for linens for the bunk beds as they were none. 
Staff was friendly and hotel was overall clean and nice.

Nice clean quiet and fragrance free pet friendly and friendly staff.  Breakfast was normal but they had real sausage good coffee

Staff was excellent! Rooms could use some updating but were clean. Requested extra pillows were
Provided. Breakfast was average, but needed to be a bit warmer. Shower water pressure was very good and had plenty of hot water

I have stay at this hotel on multiple occasions and have enjoyed it. Close to many popular attractions and I25. Multiple breakfast options. Also, many food options close by. If you're looking for an affordable hotel in the Springs area, you can't go wrong with this hotel.

Great hotel. Very friendly staff, from check in to check out. Rooms are nicely upgraded, very clean and everything works just how it's intended to work.

Breakfast was standard IHG spread, but the serving/dining areas were very clean and fully stocked for hungry customers.

Will definitely stay here when in the area.

The hotel is in a prime location. However, has to be the worst hotel I’ve stayed in. I’m not sure if there was a plumbing issue, or what but our room just smelled bad from the moment we walked in. It’s almost like damned wetness smell. I could hear the flushing of others rooms and the bathrooms were so gross with mold, dirty floors and my bed had crumbles of food in it. Thankfully I bring my own blankets and sheets but it’s just too much for what we paid for.

We stayed for 4 nights and all the amenities met or exceeded our expectations.

We very much enjoyed our stay at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites Colorado Springs Afa Northgate.  The hotel is new and very clean.  The staff was very accomodating and helpful.  The area is safe and within a short drive of many nice restaurants.  A breakfast is included, in the hotel lobby.  10 minute drive to the Air Force Academy.  We will definitely stay here again if our travels take us through Colorado Springs

The last couple Holiday Inn's we have been to have not been up to this standard. This is a great hotel to stay. Rooms are clean and smell fresh. Air conditioning works great! It's a Holliday Inn so I won't rate it 5 stars because it's not a 5 star hotel. With that being said I would use this location every time I'm in this area. Nothing bad to say about it at all.

Pool and hot tub out of order.  Breakfast not great.

Nice clean and convenient hotel across from the Academy.  Convenient as it gets.

Such a beautiful location. Great staff. Thank you!

The folks were excellent as we moved in. We had a wonderful stay and the food was very good, just what we needed each day. We did get to meet many people in the lounge, they were all very nice and interesting. Fun time.

kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk

A quality stay, hampered only by the complete lack of housekeeping. Comfortable room, easy access and good WiFi with a nice commons area and a decent free breakfast buffet. The ability to use the room TV to login into my YouTube account was a plus.

The place was OK until my Stanley cup came up missing.  I left to go get a taco from Torchy and came back . Once I made it back to my room, my cup was gone. I went to the front desk and the lady said to me that it wasn't in the lost and found and no one had cleaned the room yet. So I asked her if we could watch the cameras...she told me that the cameras doesn't cover my room. So then I asked to speak with her manager.  She then tells me that the manager had left and that I could wait for her.  I told her I sure will. About 30 minutes later, they sends another lady down and she has my cup in her hand. Then have the nerves to say that no one stole your cup. So I tells her....yes they did because they took it out of my room without permission and it didn't belong to them. That is the definition of stealing.

Check in went very smoothly when we arrived even though it was after midnight. Our bed was very comfortable with a nice duvet blanket and extra pillows. Liked having the snack stand in lobby to purchase snacks and drinks. Fire pit area very nice and large breakfast area with plenty of seating. All very satisfactory.

This is our "go-to" hotel when we travel to and through Colorado Springs.  We really like the north end development.  The hotel is very conveniently located for on/off I-25 and the great selection of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel.  (We love Mission BBQ!!!)  The hotel is very reasonable and has all the amenities that we enjoy as we travel throughout the US, primarily from our home in Howard, Colorado, to South Padre Island, Texas (our annual 77 day winter destination).  Thanks you your great leadership!!!

We stayed for 4 nights (May 12-May 16) and did not have any room service during this time.   I realized I forgot several clothes items in a dresser drawer.  I called the hotel the same day and was advised they didn't locate them.  I called again the next day and spoke to another employee who stated she would check with the Manager to see if they were located.  Again, nothing found.     I know they were left in the drawer and no one had been in room prior to our departure.  The cleaning staff would have found them if checking drawers when cleaning.  To my knowledge no one had checked into that room the day we left.    They have a thief on their payroll.

This hotel is a fantastic place to stay. Many local options and a great location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone seeking a wonderful experience. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. You too will find this hotel a great choice.

We had a nice overnight stay at this hotel and the location is easy to find. There are multiple eateries and gas stations in the area.

Had a wonderful stay, friendly staff, location to areas of interest was great. Very clean and room was very comfortable. Breakfast was great, serving area was very clean and well supplied. Would highly recommend to others.

We enjoyed our stay at Holiday Inns and Suites Northgate while on a trip to visit our grandson at US AFA.  Hotel was very convenient to shopping, restaurants,  activities and the Academy.  Staff were all good.  We enjoyed our mountain view room.

The air conditioner in our room sounded like a freight train whenever it was running! Each time the unit kicked on and ran it was incredibly loud. So, we were only able to dose/sleep when it was off. But, then the room would get warm and we'd have to listen to the noise again to cool off the room. Also, the smoke/fire detector in our room (located on the ceiling above the bed) flashed a white light randomly throughout the night. 



So, if the noise doesn't keep you awake the flashing light will for sure! We got about 2.5-3 hours sleep TOTAL for the whole night.

Great service and quiet rooms so one can relax and sleep. Staff was courteous and ready to help!
Hotel easy to find and great location in Colorado Springs

Another great stay at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites AFA Northgate.  Pleasant staff, extremely clean accommodations, well appointed morning breakfast, and a very convenient location.  The north part of Colorado Springs has had a very well planned build-out over the last 10 years.  This hotel is a part of that new build-out with easy access to the interstate, the Air Force Academy, and numerous new restaurants many of which are within walking distance of the hotel.  This is our new "go-to" hotel for our many trips to Colorado Springs.  Bottomline:  Super convenient for most of what you need to do in Colorado Springs and a very pleasant staff.

I stay often at this property.  It is always clean and inviting for a restful and comfortable experience.  The staff is most accomodating and gracious.  Kudos to the management.

Hotel was nice, staff are friendly. Room was clean. The bed was great. TV good size but no channel guide so you cannot see which channel you're on. Breakfast was ok. Eggs, sausage were pretty bland. But I did like the pancake maker. First time I've seen one of those. Push a button and you get 2 small pancakes in a minute. And they are pretty good. Better than I expected. Overall it was a good stay. Hotel is in a good location with tons of restaurants in the immediate area, so that was great.

When I arrived I was greeted by a friendly staff member. My room was clean and the bed was comfortable, which was exceptionally great after a long work day and driving.

Beautiful views everyday.  Nice and comfortable hotel room.  Friendly and helpful staff.  Looking forward to next year's trip here.

This location has tons of food options near also shopping and entertainment options highly recommended for the night or the weekend… the travelers destination for sure!! Just don’t take your wallet into Scheels J/K

Lacey, your service at the front desk is outstanding and you go above your qualities of customer service. Thank you! We were in town for a family member service and chosen this hotel for a four-night stay and glade we did. The room where a breath of Fesh air very clean, the beds, oh my, the beds were verrrrry comfortable. The location was a little difficult to locate but thanks to Ms. Lacey for her support on the phone guiding direction to their location. From this hotel there are many fast-food restaurants within walking distance are 2-5 min drive. I also took the opportunity to use the in-house gym and it was also very clean. The breakfast it to was ok. The only con would be the pillows, upon the second night I woke up at 4 am in the morning with a very bad headache, learning that the pillows was downs pillows that I am a little sensitive to. But the over all of the hotel was a wonderful and beautiful place to stay. Thank You.
From Beauty of a Soul

Had trouble with printing at the computer station. Printer out of ink. Front desk saved to thumb drive and printed my documents. Great service.

Check in was easy the rooms were clean, the shower was a little difficult to operate

There was a strange banging noise that we never could figure out. That is why I have a lower sleep comfort rating.

We had a great stay.   The room was clean.  The staff’s was friendly.   When we had questions the staff was helpful.

Always clean friendly staff and comfortable beds. Good location great price

We experienced great service, quality breakfast, and overall cleanliness! When we needed toothpaste, extra towels, and directions, the staff were professional and kind. Would stay here again and it was better price than the surrounding hotels.

The lady at the front desk was very helpful and nice. Same with the guy and girl prepping the breakfast buffet. Delicious and fresh. With a perfect view of the mountains.
Definitely coming back here

Visting from Texas and wowwwww  I loved this hotel. The area the view the everything. I will be coming back. And I recommend this hotel 💯.  Breakfast was good. Our room was perfect clean comfy all the above.

Easy to find and in a good area. Bed was comfortable and shower was great. Keurig coffee maker was fantastic.
The Smart TV was not able to hook my Apply iPhone to play movies from my app. It only accepted and Android or computer.

I have stayed at this location several times. Great location. Quiet. Friendly staff. Breakfast selection was great. Overall, for the price you are getting many amenities.

When i was greeted at the front desk, the woman was very helpful and I got to my room within 5 minutes. the room itself was very warm and welcoming. bathroom was spacious and clean. i like how everything was provided and there was a mini fridge. 

I just wish there was a list of all the tv channels available for quick access.

Excellent experience at this hotel.  I would strongly recommend to all members.

You won't get what you paid for. And not really suites. Having a couch rather than a second bed doesn't make it a suite; technically suites should have more than one room. The only reason that I booked this was because it said it had kid suites with a king and bunk beds. I paid $20/night more for this compared to just the "king suite". Got to the hotel and the lady was just like "you have a king, I don't know why the website would tell you that you had a kid suite." And then just proceeded to ignore me. There were no pillowcases or blankets for the foldout (which was terrible uncomfortable), no soap or shampoo and no reg coffee pods. I would say staff was courteous but definitely not friendly. And yes, you can hear the hall. Definitely won't stay here again. Just bummed.

I've stayed here a few times. It's very close to USAFA and has lots of dining options close by. The front desk is always friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. The free breakfast in the mornings is a big plus. Good value for the price.

This is a great location with lots of restaurants within walking distance of the property. I'd be happy to stay here again under similar circumstances. There was a blizzard overnight and the staff had the parking lot cleared rapidly.

The room was very nice clean. Breakfast was good front desk gentleman was very kind and helpful. I would recommend this hotel for business or leisure.

This was a pleasant experience.  I always enjoy IHG properties, and this one did not disappoint.  I have nothing further to say at this point, and am working to reach the character count for this survey.

Great stay. Ended up staying an extra day with no hassle. Suggest asking for an EVEN ROOM so you can see the mountains. I had a view of the industrial park.. Great dog walking spot!

My overall stay was excellent. Breakfast was convenient and tasty. The cleanliness of the rooms were great and the staff was excellent.  Highly recommended

Good location on the interstate but not too close to hear the noise. Good staff and clean room. No issues.

Hotel manager promised room would be ready at noon, but when I arrived I was told by Mary(asst Manager) that room wouldn't be ready until 3. Mary had my contact info but chose not to alert me before arrival. When room was ready, staff didn't text me for up to an hour(I knew the room was ready early because I had the key and was waiting in room across hall)
Michelle, the GM(immature, unprofessional, vindictive), emailed me that she would refund my stay, however she double billed me instead(probably because of Google review I left). She was also aware of a serious chronic medical illness I have and did it anyways.

It took a week on phone with customer service from IHG and Holiday Inn Express, not to mention my bank, to finally resolve what Michelle thought would teach me a lesson. You have to be heartless and a little insane to go to the extremes that this individual did! Will never stay at another Holiday Inn because this was the 4th consecutive problem I had checking in to this hotel!

This hotel staff has always been courteous and helpful. Hotel is always clean and well stocked

Very good service, front desk was very accommodating and welcoming. Check in was smooth and very easy. The rooms are nice and big. Cleanliness was on point and the beds were very comfortable. Was an EXCELLENT stay!

Great location close to restaurants, shopping, and gas stations. Also very nice place I’ll be staying there whenever I’m going through Colorado.

Positives - Beds were comfortable.|Guest service were polite & kind, Lobby area was modern & clean.|The area is great with lots of good restaurants & good shopping.|Negatives - We booked a king suite with 2 additional queens.  Beware when you book this, it is not what you get! We were in a suite but it had 3 queens instead of 1 king & 2 queens.  My husband & I have a king at home so it was obvious that it was a queen. We can sleep in a queen, that’s not the issue. I think they should advertise correctly, it’s false advertising. Another oddity about this suite, there is only 1 mirror in the 2 bedroom suite & it’s in the bathroom. So while someone is showering, you cannot be getting ready with another mirror, like putting on makeup or putting in contact lenses. There is no full length mirror either. The bathroom shower had hair in it, I do not think it was cleaned out properly.  The breakfast hours ended at 9:30am (we literally stayed in an ihg the night before & theirs ended at 10am) The breakfast attendant started shutting down at 9:12, I looked at my phone to see the time, because my son wanted pancakes & what seemed like a custodian/maintenance person told us, we couldn’t get pancakes because the machine was broken & they were shutting down anyways. We literally just saw a man getting pancakes for his family less than 5 minutes prior. I believe they just turned the machine off early.  |Basically, this hotel was not terribly awful but it didnt stand out as great, we loved it and we will be back either.

Positives - Beds were comfortable.
Guest service were polite & kind, Lobby area was modern & clean.
The area is great with lots of good restaurants & good shopping.
Negatives - We booked a king suite with 2 additional queens.  Beware when you book this, it is not what you get! We were in a suite but it had 3 queens instead of 1 king & 2 queens.  My husband & I have a king at home so it was obvious that it was a queen. We can sleep in a queen, that’s not the issue. I think they should advertise correctly, it’s false advertising. Another oddity about this suite, there is only 1 mirror in the 2 bedroom suite & it’s in the bathroom. So while someone is showering, you cannot be getting ready with another mirror, like putting on makeup or putting in contact lenses. There is no full length mirror either. The bathroom shower had hair in it, I do not think it was cleaned out properly.  The breakfast hours ended at 9:30am (we literally stayed in an ihg the night before & theirs ended at 10am) The breakfast attendant started shutting down at 9:12, I looked at my phone to see the time, because my son wanted pancakes & what seemed like a custodian/maintenance person told us, we couldn’t get pancakes because the machine was broken & they were shutting down anyways. We literally just saw a man getting pancakes for his family less than 5 minutes prior. I believe they just turned the machine off early.
Basically, this hotel was not terribly awful but it didnt stand out as great, we loved it and we will be back either.

All aspects of our stay at Holiday Inn Express were above standards.  I would highly recommend this property.

They do most things right.  They lied about breakfast being available on the 25th!

New and very clean.

Great hotel. My TV & refrigerator didnt work. I could NOT sleep due to refrigerator squealing noises all night. Staff was very responsive but talked to me like I was a freeloader looking for a handout.

satisfied with the stay, will stay at this establishment again, thank you for the stay, merry christmas, and a happy new year, I hope that all of you know Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior.

This was a good hotel.  Staff was nice, even after check in.  Oven was out, so no hot breakfast, which is understandable, but would have been nice to know ahead of time.  I'd come back.  Very roomy.

Rooms and accommodations were nice, modern, clean and staff was friendly.

This was my third stay here and the experience every time has been great. Well kept, great free breakfast and coffee all day, nice fitness center; close to restaurants, shopping, USAFA, and downtown Colorado Springs.

Stayed here while attending a friend's wedding. Felt nicer than the hotel I stayed at the prior weekend that was more than twice the price. Staff very nice and helpful. The room was great, very comfortable. The only negative would be the breakfast. Not very good, was kind of like McDonald's breakfast that had been out on the hot tray for hours. Maybe just rotate out some older food for fresh stuff here and there through breakfast hours, and it would be the perfect stay.

We loved this hotel! Will totally go back and stay here again. Everything here was excellent! Breakfast was awesome! Breakfast view fantastic! Friendly staff, clean, comfortable! Close to many local activities!

Very friendly staff hotel was very quiet with comfortable beds The breakfast could of had more variety and options

Very friendly staff, great breakfast, good location to I-25. New property.

Very clean, comfortable room, and professional & service focused staff. Breakfast was good with multiple items to choose from.

We stayed here on the first portion of our trip and loved it. Great breakfast, great customer service, clean rooms. We went to stay elsewhere on our second half and left that hotel and reservation (was absolutely unacceptable as far as safety and cleanliness) to return here. We were greeted with compassion and understanding. So thankful there were rooms available when we got here late at night and not sure where else to try. Wishing the pool was indoors but location is close to all kinds of awesome places. Thank you to the staff here!!!!!

The hotel is in a good location. Lots of restaurants and things to do near by. The breakfast is decent and the rooms are comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful.

This hotel was great! The beds were so comfortable! The shower was great and the view was breathtaking! The breakfast was pretty good as well. The only thing I would complain about would be one of the washers in the guest laundry. I almost didn’t get the machine working. The front desk clerk had to come help me and even she had to climb on the dryer and unplug the washer to raven work. The machine was locked so I couldn’t even get my clothes out and there was no way to get them out. Thankfully the machine started after she plugged it back in. Overall it was a great visit. We were well rested, comfortable, and very well taken care of!!!

Excellent stay experience as always. Convenient to highway. Lovely views of the mountains.  I highly recommend this location.

Great hotel in a great location. They have a fairly good size conference room with plenty of natural light. Employees are kind and personable. I always enjoy when I stay in this hotel!

Wonderful long weekend experience at this hotel. Great location near restaurants, garden of the gods, manitou springs, and other attractions. Staff was friendly and attentive. Rooms clean and spacious.

Very comfortable stay.  Would definitely recommend to others and would stay again for sure.
Great view, great staff and very good proximity to United States Air Force Academy.  Will pass on similar feedback to others.

Nice calm atmosphere and friendly staff. Convenient to Colorado Springs and a lot of the tourist attractions available in the area.

Stayed in Holiday Inn Express Suites all along route on Vacation, Ease of booking,Clean Rooms, Comfortable Beds, relaxing atmosphere, Ease of Checkout, and breakfast included. Holiday Inn Express Suites will be our go to road trip stop.

We had a nice overnight stay in Colorado Springs as we transitioned camping locations and visited Focus on the Family. It was nice to swim in the heated pool (although it was unseasonably cold outside).

Fridge was not on/ broken, too bad because we brought a 12 pack of beer.  Front desk was to the point, and the location is great.  Cute hotel and clean rooms.  If it hadn’t been late when we checked in I’m sure someone would’ve fixed the fridge or got us a new room.  Bonus points for the smart tv, since cable/ hotel tv SUCKS!

Clean and affordable with decent breakfast

Stinky room and the evening host was difficult to deal with.  The morning hisses was very friendly and switched our room to a better one.

I stayed here Sun-Thurs with my son while in COS. The gentleman at the counter when we walked in was very nice. Helped answer my questions as they came about. At one point I heard his encounter with an upset guest and he was very polite and tried his best to be accommodating.
A different person the following morning was also very helpful as my son left his eye glasses at the pool, he helped me get in during off hours to grab them, so thankful they were still there.
The breakfast and breakfast staff was incredibly helpful, I had my hands full and without asking a lady brought me a tray to help me out. I was so thankful for her help.
This hotel also spoiled me a little with a water bottle refill station. Now not sure I can stay anywhere else without one ;)
This hotel was conveniently located near lots of food some walkable others not but still very close to many options. Close to highway for quick access and I felt very safe here. I think this was a business park area. It was a nice and clean and a safe area.

My only bad comment is the pool. It is outside so I can’t expect anything different but it was full and I mean full of bugs. Only reason I’m not taking off a star for it is because again it’s outside but mainly because as we were there new management asked how our experience was, I commented about the bugs and she advised that was one thing they were going to work to fix right away. I have confidence they will fix it.
Besides I know I’ll be back and if still an issue then I may change my review.

We chose this location because my father was having a ceremony at the air force academy. Hotel was clean, check in was easy, and the drive up to the academy was very easy. I would definitely recommend this to any parents or other relatives of personnel studying or working at the academy who are coming in for a visit.

I’ve stayed at a few Holliday Inn Express hotels and this one is as you would expect. Clean, convenient and reasonably priced.

Checked in after a long days travel on 7/27 and the lady at the front desk was wonderful! Very polite and courteous. She was able to look up options for our family size. Thanked us for being IHG members as well and put a late check down for us even asked if we prefer a certain floor. I personally haven't usually been given the option. Our room was good it just had an odd perfume smell to it. The location was a bit off the main road & took a little looking but once we got our bearings was fine as well. Breakfast grab & go was offered early in the morning otherwise complimentary breakfast was great had a little bit of everything.
Didnt get to try the pool or hot tub so cannot comment on those.
Small selection of drinks, snacks and laundry soaps next to the check in.
Would stay here again if we are in the area or passing through.

Wonderful,spacious, modern rooms. Very comfortable beds! Full size Dove products are an awesome touch.  Love the options of different pillows breakfast was excellent with a lot of different options. Overall great hotel

With all due respect to the new management, this is the only response I received in three weeks, and because it’s in the public’s eye it only took 24 hours. I’m impressed. IHG said all of there locations have insurance for this exact instance. I would not recommend staying at this location.
Room not cleaned till 6pm only because I called front desk(3days) stolen watch and ear buds. Be warned

My recent stay at the AFA North on Colorado Springs, Co was enjoyable and stress free.  The front desk was very helpful, and the room decor allowed me to easily relax and enjoy my short stay.  I would have loved to have had more time to enjoy the property and sit back and relax.  Thanks for allowing me to provide the feedback (I don't usually do this).

Rooms and lobby LOOKED nice, but very little sleep was had, as the walls just be paper thin. Our initial neighbors were apparently partying most of the night, as we were subjected to loud music (like, speaker could’ve been in our room loud), and things crashing into the wall that sounded like we might have something come through. Front desk was notified, but nothing changed. Called again an hour later when trying to go to sleep, and were assigned a new room. Had to move our three half-asleep kids down a floor after having unpacked things/gotten into bed…the offenders didn’t have to stop…we had to move. We could still hear the pounding of the music in the other room, as well as kids/talking from the NEW room next door…and the hallway. Apparently no one gets kids in bed before midnight here. Wore ear plugs to bed but could still hear drum of music. At least the rooms were clean…but sleep quality was terrible.

Always my go to place when traveling for work! Nice clean spacious rooms and bathrooms. Good breakfast available nice and early.

Nice clean

I've stayed at this hotel several times and have no issues.  The two issues this stay were with the cleanliness of the pool and fitness center.   Pool was dirty.  Fitness center equipment needed attention - equipment was broken and dirty. No wipes to clean the machines.

Good safe location. Room was nice. Only issue we had was noise from people above but I have kids so I understand it could of been that but I was so tired I didn’t even care or notice after I fell asleep. Staff was nice.

Overall, this hotel met everything I needed for the week that I was there for business.  However, I think I will find an alternate one when I am back out there next time.

Pros: The location was close to where I was working and it was quiet being off the main road.  The pool / hot tub were small but nice on the days it wasn't storming, as it is outside.  The king bed room was spacious and had everything I needed.  The view with a room facing the mountains was great to wake up to (see pics).  The fitness room was equipped well enough.

Areas for improvement: Breakfast my first day pretty much just consisted of fridge items or bread.  There were no hot dishes, but the lady said she was just filling in and didnt know.  The pancake machine was down or empty the entire week.  There were at least hot food choices the rest of the week.
I had housekeeping come every other day during my week stay. The first time they replaced the towels, but didn't empty trash or do anything with the bed. The second time, made the bed and emptied trash, but didn't replace towels.  So I had to go down and get an extra wash cloths since I was out. I am not sure why some days they cleaned/restocked some things and not others.
While this one is more personal preference, the bed was so firm that my bag was killing me by morning. I had to sleep on the extra pillows to make it more comfortable.

Beds were very comfortable, room was a great size and very clean. There were a few light switches and outlets in the room that didn’t work but overall, we had a great stay.

Wonderful hotel! We were disappointed when we first arrived that the outdoor pool was closed for maintenance since that was our drawing point to that particular hotel but they discounted our rooms that first night for the inconvenience, then fortunately the pool opened the next day. It was our favorite part! Loved the outdoor pool with the gorgeous Mountain View’s! The breakfast area was very clean and well stocked. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Lots of restaurants nearby and conveniently located to many attractions! Highly recommend!

I was greeted nicely on arrival, but didn’t establish my reward status.
Hotel lobby was nice looking.  
The room was very nice.  Clean, big and comfortable.
Great location lots of food choices surrounding the hotel.  
I would recommend this hotel.

We had an awesome stay here.  Our room had a beautiful view of Pikes Peak and pilots from the Air Force Academy training.  Gliders were also in tow along the front range of the Rockies every morning.  The staff here was very friendly and helpful when we needed them.  The pool is heated and nice and warm.  Food every morning was great.  Thank you to the staff for helping to make our stay in the area memorable and relaxing.

Even though it was 4th of July weekend, it was still rather quite and a clean room

The attention is very good...the people at the front desk are very nice...always attentive and eager to help...the rooms are very clean...the pool is very clean and the location of the place is very good. I will definitely return to the hotel.

Treated their supervisor like trash, rooms trashed, horrible service

Room nice. Fix the AC issues and make sure bathroom is stocked and dressed like it should be. Breakfast is great. Staff does not respond to issues as they should but overall it was a nice stay. It was clean. Nice e place to lay your head.

Wonderful view of Pikes Peak. Very friendly staff! Quiet area and very close to numerous restaurants and stores.  Pool and fire pit are nice additions to the mountain side of the hotel.

Good breakfast buffet, includes hot meat. Small patio area off lobby with mountain views. Pool water needed some attention (a suspicious shade of green). EXTREMELY walkable to restaurants, movie theatre, fast food. Staff was attentive. I would stay here again. Photo is view from 4th floor room.

Our “daily” room refresh happened less than half of our 13 day stay. We ran out of clean towels, toilet paper and shower soap. Had to get those at front desk as no one available to bring them to room. Reported issues to front desk several times but nothing changed. In 13 days we never got clean bed sheets. Hot breakfast was inedible…dry, overcooked omelets and sausage. No written info about hotel amenities, breakfast hours or tv guide available. Very poor value for what we paid and expect from this hotel chain. Don’t recommend it at all!!

We loved our stay at this property. The staff is amazing, especially Acting GM Taylor. Great pool, breakfast and location. We will be back.

We stayed here last week n 1st night our room was cleaned the next day, after that no room service,  had dirty wet towels in the room for 3 days, constantly had to go to front desk to get supplies,  our garbage was full n so we had garbage on the floor, complained when we checked otlut and was told management will Email or call, got nothing.  Rediculious u pay good money for a nice hotel n u get to sleep in a dirty room. Should of gotten some kind of refund or a gift card but not get nothing.  Poor management

This hotel was a great place to stay and close to location needed and good access from highway 25.
Cleaned and great breakfast.
I'd recommend a stay here and would consider again in the future.
Thank you

Location is great. Room needs a deep cleaning. Walls are super thin.

The room was a nice surprise, the 'Yoda Room', although the clean could have been better as there were some personal items the previous guests left behind. I, personally, hated the breakfast. Overcooked sausages and the cheese omelets were rubbery, The pancake machine was not working. No biscuits and gravy?? On the weekend, that's a staple! Great pool, but the service was meh..

Bright and clean location very close to Interstate access and multiple dining options. We were greeted with a smile and thanked for being IHG members. Loved the mountain views from our room and the breakfast area. We watched snow fall on Pike's Peak in the afternoon the day before our trip to the top. Breakfast was hot and the breakfast area was clean and neat.

Great location near restaurants.  Clean rooms in a new hotel.

The facility is comfortable, but the manager, Anna, was incredibly rude and displayed terrible attitude regarding guest service. Anna must be unaware that the area has a large number of hotels with friendly and courteous staff members. I certainly will not make the mistake of returning to this hotel. Definitely not typical IHG standards on display at this location.

The facility is comfortable, but the manager, Anna, was incredibly rude and displayed terrible attitude regarding guest service. Anna must be unaware that the area has a large number of hotels with friendly and courteous staff members. I certainly will not make the mistake of returning to this hotel. Definitely not typical IHG standards on display at this location.

Great stay for our LAX team. Lobby was a good hangout/meetup spot. The pool was a hit. Breakfast had good choices. We would stay here again.

Great view and convenience was awesome for us.
We try to stay at this property that is close to all of the events and family that live in the general area.
Plenty of places to eat and very close to Scheel's...which is an awesome. store..!!

A nice HIE. Good sized mini-fridge, and a microwave in "suite". Great views if you get the west facing room. Plenty of parking.

One of a kind and always a great place to stay.                       
When I stay here always a very polite staff. 
Been here twice and always gonna be my first choice.  My stay is always great and area is perfect for my needs.

Nice clean hotel and conveniently located. Easy access to the highway. Although the breakfast was a little bit basic but it was included which saved the time and did the work. Parking was easy which was another plus.

Overall great room and bed was super comfortable. The staff were very nice and would come back to this hotel

Hotel was modern with a good breakfast.  Conveniently located near USAFA.  Lots of good restaurants in the area and shopping nearby.  Clean and modern feel with pleasant staff and good amenities.  Good for business or leisure.

This hotel is simply the best, best service, best location, best and beautiful and modern room, so quiet and even the best breakfast.  I highly recommend this hotel

This place is top notch. Room was spacious with comfortable bed. Breakfast was great. The staff is amazing. Views incredible. Plenty of restaurants around. I would highly recommend this place.

Bedding was great, rooms clean and air was cold. Enough plug inside for all devices, plenty of room to spread out. Pillows are my favorite brand! Breakfast hot and yummy and employees are extremely frielndly

This hotel is located very well and is clean. The staff were friendly and helpful.

Rooms smelled like a ashtray had human stains on walls manager was rude and very outspoken they over charged my card just everything that could be bad was saty away !!!!

Very unhappy with the amenities offered with this hotel. The hot tub was colder than the actual pool itself, and the internet connection was not sustainable at all. Would not recommend this place to any friends or family, and will certainly not be back in the future.

I was here to move my daughter and son in law to the area.  The convenience to their new home and surrounding amenities was perfect.  I was on a twenty six foot uhaul truck and fortunately was able to park due to the limited number of guests, however, truck/trailer parking was a concern.  Overall everything was great and the only reason I wasn't recognized was because I did not have my card/number with me.  Thank you!

Manager is great, locations is the best in all of the Springs guaranteed! Very safe location and great restaurants within walking distance.

The location is excellent and property is less than 10 years old. The visual style is appealing. The front desk is prompt to assist. Kudo's to the General Manager for her commitment to service! The room is comfortable and bed excellent. The lounge chaise is comfy as well. The bathroom has a standing shower. 1 logistics suggestion = Change the mini fridge plug location.

As a platinum elite member, I'm cautious not to request things I do not need. I rarely ask for room upgrade or late check-out. This trip, I reserved two rooms and asked for both an upgrade and late check-out for one of the rooms. Both requests were responded to with hesitation or declination. I was told the hotel was sold out and an upgrade was not available. I checked and there were several upgraded rooms available to reserve online. I requested late check-out and was again told no because of hotel being sold out. I checked again and found that any room setup was available for the week to reserve.
Staff was extremely friendly but did not seem well trained on status members or how to address concerns. I was not acknowledged with member status upon check-in.
Elevator was broken on arrival, side door by pool did not open, phone in room did not work, hair was on bathroom floor at check-in. Clean towels were not available when needed and no staff was on property who could address that concern.
I've stayed at this particular hotel many times. This experience was not up to par with the previous times spent here. I will try again in the future and hope things are improved. The value and location are perfect for me.

The hotel was very clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly. Excellent value for the money. Easy access to the hotel and outstanding Mountain views. Would definitely stay there again and recommend it to everyone else.

We stayed @ your hotel on 3/8/23. The manager, Denise Galvez was AWESOME! We were planning to go to Pike's Peak on 3/9/23 but did not know you had to buy your tickets on line. Denise and the front desk staff, Juan, helped me to book our 2 tickets to the Peak Cog Railway; and she & Juan printed out our tickets. Then Denise gave us some ideas of where to stop in Manitou Springs & Garden of the Gods Nat'l Park. I cannot thank them both for going above & beyond in helping my husband & I making this trip happen to Pike's Peak!

We love staying @ IHG and always are pleased with our stay. I want to thank Denise & Juan for making this stay EXCEPTIONAL! Please thank them and their staff for the wonderful service they provide to your customers!

You are lucky to have two such employees who strive to make your hotel the BEST in every way!

Thanks again for what you did for us.

Debbie & Alan Panning

Hotel was new and clean and not crowded. The lady at the front desk was very kind and helpful getting our room ready early and suggested things to do in the area.

This is a great place to stay on the north end of Colorado Springs

We used this hotel for a conference that was in town. Slept here for one night. Great location on the north side of the springs. Perfect room for what we needed. They upgraded us our room and we had a great start in the springs.

Awesome place to stay, very convenient are. You have so much near by, the area is very quite in the evening into the night. I had a great nights rest. Friendly staff and guests as well.

The room was beat up with the walls dirty and gum in carpet. 

Breakfast was terrible.  Coffee was burnt. Food was overcooked and dry.  Pancake maker didn’t work.  No apple juice and the orange juice tasted watered down. Just plain terrible!!

I highly recommend Holiday Inn Express & Suites Air Force Academy.  The manager Denise G. was so professional and addresses all of our needs, as we were in town to attend a family funeral.  She went above and beyond to ensure that all of the family felt comfortable and had what was needed. Her entire staff was so polite and friendly and always greeted us with smiles and warm welcomes. Thank you, Denise and your entire staff for being so professional and welcoming. We will be back and we will recommend your hotel to everyone!

I appreciate the uniformity of the hotels, knowing what to expect, and the quick and easy check in. 
I can use the benefits equally at any location. 
I personally, like more daylight lighting in my room when I’m awake over the sleepy atmosphere I got.

The bed was very comfortable! Glad we chose here to stay for the wedding we attended. Staff was friendly, beautiful view of the mountains from the breakfast area, if we needed to come back to Colorado Springs, this is where we would choose to stay!

This hotel was great i couldn’t have asked for a better experience. The views surrounding the hotel and the location relative to shopping and dinning were great. The hotel staff was prompt and courteous from beginning to end. I would highly recommend this location to anyone!

One of the best hotel experiences we've had over the last several  years.  The property is quite new and very comfortable.  Good location just north of CO Springs with easy off easy on to I25 so you can get most anywhere around town in 15 o 20 minutes.  We had 4 people, 2 grown kids, so we looked at 2 rooms, but found a 2 BR suite which worked great.  About $175 a night on a online booking site - this included taxes and fees.  Would have been $200+ for two rooms.  Good hot breakfast in the morning.

Charged me for smoking in the room. Funny because I don't smoke. I've stayed there countless times because it WAS my hotel of choice when I'm in the Springs, without any incident  (I'm there a lot for work) GM would never call me back about charges. Had to get my corporate involved because it was charged to my corporate card. I will never stay at a Holiday Inn again. You have lost my business forever.

the location was good, quiet most of the time, love the sofa, good TV channels, good internet speed

Only upsetting things is getting charged full price when we had booked & paid with points before checking in.

Exactly what I would expect for a holiday inn hotel. Clean and well designed rooms, friendly staff, great amenities and prime location. Will definitely stay there again and would highly recommend!

Very clean. Happy and helpful staff.

In town for a funeral and needed early check-in and this hotel was great!

Terrible experience. We had to change rooms 3 times after checking in late at night, and it still wasn’t right! Lobby was dirty and the guy working didn’t even seem to care that he sent us first to room with a broken toilet, then a room with no sheets on the bed, and finally to a smaller room with a malfunctioning heater. After lugging our bags around to each room we just dealt with it. No help or apologies from the front desk clerk, just an excuse about maintenance issues. Based on the recent reviews, it seems the management quality here has decreased dramatically the last few months. To be fair, IHG customer service did apologize and refund us some points. Not a typical experience for us at such a new hotel, but extremely dissatisfied with this one. Stay elsewhere.

Good location, quiet, good breakfast

My only real complaint is that I have to purchase my room from a third party rather than directly through ihg because the cost varies by such a large amount, even after the points I'd get from making it direc6tly through ihg, it isn't worth doing so. Other than that, there's not much wrong with this hotel.

As always. Somewhat of a second home.

This hotel is by far the best hotel in Colorado springs..the staff is absolutely amazing , management really knows what they are doing you always are welcomed and feel at home here.i would absolutely recommend this hotel to all and I will 100% stay here again

Everything was pretty standard.  Good customer service when we arrived at the front desk.  Only complaints I have are that the breakfast crew was never well prepared.  Coffee and food were always running out and it was a solid wait for more.  They also had time share people in the lobby constantly selling which was a bit anoying.

The room was not very clean. There were hairs all over the bathroom so it hadn’t been swept. There were little hairs all over the bed and spots all over the comforter.

Breakfast was good and staff was helpful but our keys stopped working almost every day and we had to have them redone. There was no towel rack close to the bath/shower. This was very inconvenient. The best thing about this hotel is the location as we were visiting the Air Force Academy. I asked for a copy of my bill and it was totally blank. We paid with points/cash so I would have expected to see the amount I had paid. I realize they use the cash to purchase points but I still should have some record to reflect that. Also, there was a charge online for $15.30 that I didn't make? I had signed up for the 10,000 points for each 4 days stayed. It did stipulate that you had to spend at least $30 but I assumed this would have been covered by the $535 that I spent.????? I guess you better read the fine print?

Stayed 3 nights the mattress was way to firm. Toilet would not flush went to desk clerk she tried speaking to other staff but none of them spoke any English so had to go buy something to fix it ourselves. Tried to relax on the patio but the WiFi would not work out there. Could get the hotel near us WiFi but not the IHG. Ridiculous! Our rooms we not ever made up before 5 pm every day. Will probably look for a different hotel next time.

Wonderful hotel.  Friendly staff, clean rooms, comfortable beds.   I had a fantastic stay, and will definitely stay again.

Clean hotel.  Friendly staff

I need my deposit back sooner please it’s been 8 days and I haven’t got it yet so please

Our overall stay, Wednesday afternoon thro Sunday morning, was very disappointing. Uncomfortable bed, no towels, bed never made, no counter space in bathroom, toilet never cleaned. Saddest part... we were there with lots of other people, for our daughter's wedding!

AMAZING!
GREAT FOOD!!!!!! The amazing gentlemen that helped us with breakfast was so sweet!!!!
The ladies at the front desk were phenomenal as well! We had issues getting the reservation to work but she fixed it in a jiffy!!! And the room with the bunk beds are so worth it!!! KID FRIENDLY! pool is clean and warm!!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE WILL COME BACK SOON!!!

Great room, very clean and all the little extras. Front desk staff was unbelievable  (p.m. staff was the greatest!!) The breakfast was very nice, lots of choices. Definite recommend.

There was no breakfast as advertised.  At check in we were advised it would only be a bread type of continental breakfast when it says hot breakfast and shows pictures.  Also was informed of a heated outdoor pool and hot tub and the hot tub was ice cold.  Staff was not friendly.

Wow! This hotel was great! First off, the location of this hotel was great, with amazing views and nice stuff not too far away. Also, the cleanliness was superb! The cleaners did a great job on making this hotel completely clean! The staff was also superb. The manager was very nice and helpful along with the staff. The manager would always check in to make sure you’re having an amazing time and will try to make things better for your stay. The breakfast was also delicious! I highly recommend this hotel if you’re looking to stay at a very nice place in Colorado Springs!

The most comfortable hotel bed I’ve ever stayed in. Check in took 2 minutes tops.

Front desk people were friendly at check in and check out.   Cookies in the evening were a nice touch.  Breakfast was great, good selection, multiple protein choices, cinnamon rolls are delicious, good taste and quality.  Comfortable with nice outdoor area.

My wife and I planned vacation and hotel stays in advance. When searching the area we were looking for a room with two queen beds and a pull out couch for additional sleeping. We have 4 children, plus an infant. We found through their website exactly what we were looking for so we went ahead and reserved the room. We happened to travel further the first night than we thought so about 5 hours out we called the same hotel to see if it was possible to get the same room for an additional night. The first associate was very friendly and as we continued to talk she recognized that the room in fact did not have a pull out couch as advertised and knew this wasn’t going to meet our needs. She quickly passed us into a local representative. They said the same but would not acknowledge that this is how it was advertised and wouldn’t find any solution. When asked if they could provide an additional room the subject was ignored. When asked about cancellation they wanted to go ahead and charge us though we noted what was advertised wasn’t a reality. Eventually, they saw through that light and offered cancellation.

The point here is as we are on the road, headed to our destination we called in advance for an additional need and that’s when we found out the room wouldn’t fulfill our families needs and rather than finding a solution, we were left with having to find one on our own in what I will also call a less than par solution as another hotel brand.

I’ve always thought highly of and look for Holiday Inn Express locations but the handling of this situation has soured that experience.

I have nit traveled much the past few years. One of my biggest issues in the past was poor lighting and insufficient plug ins. That has all been resolved, ample lighting and plenty of energy connections to plug in and recharge any of your accessories.

This hotel was surprisingly comfortable. The bed was comfortable, room was clean, and the hotel was quiet. Slept great which is unusual for me in a hotel. Will stay here again!

Then entire staff could not be more friendly and helpful!

Great place to stay. Great people and views of the mountains

Room was dirty, trash still there from previous stay, night manager had to clean it. Shower drain wouldn’t drain properly. Pool was closed, pancake machine was out of order, hardly any food available for breakfast. Terrible overall. I was given a $20 discount for my trouble. I do not recommend staying here at all.

This was just a quick stay and didn't spend much time in the room but the bathroom did not appear to be clean. The body wash was out and the tv remote did not work.

I just sold my home and needed a place for me and my dog. I booked on Priceline using the filter that accepts animals. I accidently showed up at the other North location, which started this process off. Finally i get to the location afa Northgate with my dog and there was a curly short haired tan woman helping customers with a smile and I thought this would be an easy process. Once she was off the phone she looked at me and alerted me there are no dogs allowed at the hotel, didnt even ask if it was a service animal.I let her know that i booked it and it said that animals were allowed and she said that on the website for the hotel it says no animals. I let her know i booked on Priceline and it states that animals are allowed. She continues to try and show me their website and I obviously have no interest to look at that when im concentrating on where im going to sleep. At this point im annoyed, but not enough to make a scene as long as i could get my money back. I said to her I suppose since its Priceline I need to get on the phone with them (which is always a disaster) Im now sitting in my car starting my first of 5 calls to Priceline and they called the fromt desk at the hotel at least twice between the calls hanging up. Priceline needed to call the hotel and see what their animal policy is. Long story short.. per Pricelines customer service rep the front desk attendant or whoever they spoke with wouldnt approve a refund for my $244.98. Im not a scientist or anything, but they told me they are not responsible for 3rd party issues like a logo that states dogs are accepted. If thats the case than you shouldnt be responsible to collect and keep my money coming from a third party you thieves. The check from my home sale hadnt cleared until Monday so you took the last of what was on my credit card and my dog amd I had to sleep in the car one of the nights. This is another company contributing to the post covid bad customer service syndrome going around. ive never felt so robbed in my life and the lack of humanity.How can they say they have no control? Its the Holiday Inn, a world known hotel. Whos the person that signed the contract with Priceline without reading it and who accepts the payments every time their 3rd party website sends them money? Its funny how they turn customers away, but not those funds coming in. I dont think this was the customer experience the Holiday Inn had envisioned when they first started out or the CEO Keith Barr that i just found on the IGH Hotels website.

Great breakfast, clean rooms soft beds

Staff was helpful and courteous, room was okay- beds were good but walls seem thin as we could hear other obnoxious guests throughout the night from 10:30pm-2:30am. Water pressure was weak and shampoo dispenser broken.

Good hotel in a nice location. I assume they are short of staff and housekeeping as evidenced by the lack of all supplies in the bathroom, piles of towels in the hallway and none in the pool. Note the Pavilion lounge chairs in the pool are designed such that it is almost inevitable that you will stub your toe.

This hotel has a great location. Close to restaurants  and stores and a movie theater. It has a nice area to eat breakfast  and a nice pool area. The rooms have a microwave  and refrigerator.  They have a keurig coffee  maker and a big screen  tv.

Friendly reception with cookies, clean updated modern room's. Loved the outdoor pool and hot tub. Bed and pillows comfortable and very clean. Brand new TV etc etc

Pros: Good location, easy access, modern rooms, comfy beds. Really really nice staff.

Cons: we got the "family" suite which had a very very very sad little room with a sofa and mini fridge, a main room with 2 beds, and another claustrophobia room with one bed, and only one bathroom, do in order to get from the one bed room you have to walk through the 2 bed room. So awkward. Not a little depressing. This 3 star review is for the sad family room.

The staff is amazing but more than that the accommodation was met in a way that made me feel extremely comfortable I traveled with my family and we all know that can be a bit of an issue however the staff created such a nice environment that I will definitely be back

My husband and I typically stay at Holiday Inn Express locations because they are usually new or upgraded.  We like the offer of a free breakfast, which helps with our budget.  Earning points to make the stay more affordable is also a plus for us.  Our visit, this time, was not ideal and we encountered some issues that were not addressed to our satisfaction, but we would stay at this location again with the hopes that it would be a better experience next time.  The staff was very friendly and tried their best to make things right, but some of the things we encountered were out of their control.  Location was good.  Not too close to the freeway but provided easy access and there were a number of businesses close by and it was close to our family.

Very comfortable bed. Friendly front desk staff. No AC in the bathroom, hallways, lobby and breakfast area. It appears to have been this way for some time. Staff was not concerned about not having AC. The bathroom in my room had zero air circulation and was oppressively hot. The walls were very thin and I could hear conversations of the rooms next door. Breakfast food was good quality with the exception of the watery coffee.

Mid-stay (four days) room service needs to be more than just making the bed.  
COVID practices are slipping across the country.  No bad, it is just happening.

Impressive stay. Would give them 4.5 Stars. Rooms were comfortable spacious.  Beds were comfortable, clean, and well made. The pillows were sooo soft it was like they were not there because they collapsed so easily - Used three personally. Rooms were very clean and well designed. AC units were very efficient and cooled our rooms quickly. This hotel has a pool and hot tub both were pretty clean and the area was well kept with towels on stand-by as needed by patrons, etc. There was a workout room with equipment for cardio, lifting and space for yoga if that's your thing. The breakfast was exceptionally good. Omelettes, breakfast potatoes, pancakes, sausage, and cold cereals top the list along with fruit.  Service was good and helpful throughout our stay. One very nice add was the forget service. If you forget your  toothbrush, razor, saving cream, tooth paste, they got you, just ask at the front desk. Very nice place stay and lay your head. Plan to return jf in town again.

Did not get a restful sleep as mattress was old and uncomfortable! The water in the pool was cold and the hot tub controls were not functional!

The hotel itself is nice. No issues with front desk, check in, housekeeping, pool, or any of the amenities. The lobby was set up with fresh popcorn and cookies which was a nice touch. The view from our third floor suite was great! I do get the complaints we read about the noise from other guests due to thin walls because we definitely heard them. This wasn’t an issue for us though as we travel with our fan and it blocked out the sounds enough that we could sleep. The TVs are set up with Netflix, Hulu, Prime.. but there is no network connected to access any of them. I was informed by the front desk, when I inquired about it, that it is something brand new for them and that basically they aren’t set up and ready to use yet. That will be another pro for them once it’s set up. The biggest source of frustration for us was that we had horrible horrible cell phone reception in our hotel and the surrounding area. This isn’t the hotels fault and they do offer free WiFi so I of course still gave 5 stars. Hopefully they find a way to boost cellular signal in this up and coming area so guests don’t continue to have the same issue.

When we were exhausted from
Traveling they were very helpful and accommodating

Book at a nearby hotel.  There are other great options.   Don’t let the pictures of this new property fool you.

-No soap in the shower - empty
-No shampoo in the shower - empty
-No backup roll of toilet paper - really(:

When called, the front desk said they would send up a roll of toilet paper in 15 minutes.   REALLY??   Don’t go….to the hotel, that is.  Completely unacceptable.   Additional points don’t offset a lack of soap and toilet paper.   Good grief.

Do not stay here if you want a hot tub, pool or fire pit. When we checked in we were told that they hot tub had jets and was warm, that's a lie. We were told to ask them if we wanted the fire pit turned on. We asked them both nights and were told no they were out of propane both nights. None of the lights worked in the bathroom for good make up application. Won't stay here again.

Cheapest (of the major chains) to stay at so wasn't confident what we'd get.  Hotel seemed to be kept up with even though it's fairly new.  Stayed in a room with a side area with a bunk bed that was an added perk.  If have picky kids may call and check (ours was pinkish & troll themed).  Good selection on breakfast.  Stayed on the west side so had a good view of the mountains.  Could see the hotel having typical hotel issues of being quiet if busy and lots of kids.

During our 2 night stay we experienced a friendly and helpful staff, but sub-par cleanliness which affected our overall experience. Our first morning we did not have body soap in the bottle in the shower and it was obvious the shampoo had been watered down. That morning we also found a dirty washcloth behind the blow dryer (that was gross). We told the front desk clerk that morning (July 9th) and she apologized for it and said she would make sure things were addressed in our room. We cam back that evening (around 6ish) and our room wasn't touched at all. Still had dirty towels, our bed wasn't re-made/refreshed and our shampoo was still watered down and still no soap. We called the front desk and the front desk attendant for that night was very apologetic and came down to our room herself to fix those things (clean towels, soap in the bottle and shampoo). So the next morning when we left we told the front desk attendant (the same as Saturday morning) and she seemed horrified that nothing got done because she said she personally told people to do it and they didn't. It was then that she volunteered (we did not ask for anything) to put 25,000 points on our account. That has not happened as of this writing. 

We heard from the staff that they were understaffed and it was pretty evident as the trash wasn't kept up with in the lobby, at breakfast and at the entrance, so back to my Review Title - you don't need the breakfast you offer if it's going to take away from the current staff from cleaning rooms, lobby etc. etc. Focus on what you guys do best...offering a clean room and accommodations for as long as people want to stay. People will find breakfast somewhere else, and there aren't many hotels that offer breakfast any more and that's ok....focus on the stay, the rooms, the cleanliness.

This hotel was very clean and it is located in a great area near food and shopping. The staff is very friendly and professional. There is also an EV charger on the property. I would stay here again.

I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. First and foremost a huge thank you to Chad, Denise, and Mary for exceptional customer service. It's rare to come across such a find as we did with all 3 of these individuals.  As for the hotel itself,  our stay was wonderful.  They have the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. The continental breakfast was wonderful with so many options to choose from.  The entire hotel was so clean and cheerful.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a home away from home.  5 stars 🌟

It was a very nice, updated hotel with a very good breakfast but the reason I gave it only 2 stars was because they forgot to clean our bathroom, restock our toilettes, no coffee cups/pods and the refrigerator was dirty. It’s like they changed the bedding but once they got past there it was dirty. We had to call and request they come clean and we weren’t even checked in for 30 minutes. We had no towels prior to taking a shower, no extra toilet paper, no soaps and no apologies when we had to go down to the desk the next morning to grab supplies. I’m usually not one to complain but when there is feces on the toilet, hair in the sink, shower and floor you can clearly tell they didn’t clean our bathroom prior to us checking in.

The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and spacious

Clean, courteous staff, perfect location! It was a great stay for an entire week! Great location for restaurants and sidewalk to walk around the hotels and get acclimated to the higher altitude. Love this IHG location!

Great experience, location and atmosphere. Would love to visit again

I was a little disappointed that my conditioner and body wash were out. That made for a bad shower and hair day. They replaced them at the front desk the next morning, but my shower was fine and my hair was tangled. Other than that, I like that they give you a microwave, which is usually left out at most hotels these days. With the fridge, it made the room functional. They had a pod coffee maker too. I didn't use it (I hate the environmental impact of pods). Breakfast was decent. I was able to make a breakfast sandwich with sausage and a fried egg. My daughter enjoyed the pancake maker. Good spread. Well stocked except for the orange juice. They need a better selection of teas (just straight black please).

Comfortable bed and very clean.  Would stay there again!

Nice hotel with a good view of the mountains. Hotel staff was very courteous. The room was very clean and looked nice. The staff forgot a few minor things, such as towels, but very very prompt in delivering the items when we called guest services. The only thing I was dissatisfied with was the hotel's wifi services. Their internet was quite slow for PC and mobile devices, and it wasn't able to connect on my PS4 or Nintendo Switch. Aside from the wifi everything else about the hotel was spectacular.

The beds were extremely comfortable as well as the pillows. I booked a mountain view room and did not have one. The room was extremely warm even with the ac on 60 which was unusual due to Colorado not being as warm as where i am from. The hot tub was not in working order and there was no maintenance. We had to ask for towels that we did not receive until hours later. The breakfast had a good assortment; however, no bacon. This hotel is in a pretry good location as well.

Great stay for our family.  Breakfast was fast and easy.  Location was easy to access everything we needed to do.   Only complaint was hallways were super hot and hot tub was not.

Checked in to a room with a bathroom that had not been cleaned… they did clean it within an hour, but left soaps empty.  Internet didn’t work, so obviously neither did smart tv. Down stairs computer worked sometimes but wouldn’t load IHG page. Hot tub out of commission, broken phone in room that was simply removed the next day while we were out. Night staff was nice but incompetent. Told me to just call front desk from my cell seeing room phone was broken, but couldn’t even give me the number to do so. Also. When o asked for a printed receipt later same staff claimed they couldn’t print it and told me I had to pull up in my own account online.  When I attempted to pull up on bc on outer and site wouldn’t load she told me to do it from my phone and e-mail front desk then became flustered when I asked for email to do so… overall I would not stay here again ultras there were no other options.

Wij zijn hier drie nachten geweest tijdens onze Roadtrip in Colorado. Eerst het positieve. De kamer is netjes schoon, de bedden geweldig, maar daar houd het dan ook op. De kamers zijn zeer zeer gehorig. We horen de gasten in de kamer naast ons gewoon snurken, net als de TV. Gelijk de eerste nacht was de shampoo, conditoner en tissues al op. Daar was bij het schoonmaken voor de aankomst dus niet op gelet. Dan de schoonmaak tijdens ons verblijf, die is er niet. 3 dagen geweest en na de 2e nacht wel 2 keer moeten vragen om extra handdoeken en het opruimen van prullenbakken. Werd gewoon niet gedaan. Pas na veel aandringen werden er uiteindelijk nieuwe handdoeken gebracht en de prullenbakken leeggehaald. Personeel was ontzettend laks, ze waren 's avonds drukker met de eigen mobiele telefoon en serie kijken in de lobby dan met de gasten. Het buitenzwembad ziet er geweldig uit, maar was onverwarmd en ijskoud. De hottub ernaast had de temperatuur van een normaal zwembad. De enigste plek waar gasten dus  in zaten. Wij vonden dit verblijf een ontzettende teleurstelling, echt holiday Inn Express onwaardig.

Wij zijn hier drie nachten geweest tijdens onze Roadtrip in Colorado. Eerst het positieve. De kamer is netjes schoon, de bedden geweldig, maar daar houd het dan ook op. De kamers zijn zeer zeer gehorig. We horen de gasten in de kamer naast ons gewoon snurken, net als de TV. Gelijk de eerste nacht was de shampoo, conditoner en tissues al op. Daar was bij het schoonmaken voor de aankomst dus niet op gelet. Dan de schoonmaak tijdens ons verblijf, die is er niet. 3 dagen geweest en na de 2e nacht wel 2 keer moeten vragen om extra handdoeken en het opruimen van prullenbakken. Werd gewoon niet gedaan. Pas na veel aandringen werden er uiteindelijk nieuwe handdoeken gebracht en de prullenbakken leeggehaald. Personeel was ontzettend laks, ze waren 's avonds drukker met de eigen mobiele telefoon en serie kijken in de lobby dan met het welzijn van gasten. Het buitenzwembad ziet er geweldig uit, maar was onverwarmd en ijskoud. De hottub ernaast had de temperatuur van een normaal zwembad. De enigste plek waar gasten dus in zaten. Wij vonden dit verblijf een ontzettende teleurstelling, echt holiday Inn Express onwaardig.

Overall this hotel is a great place to stay. The staff on hand all seemed fairly new but willing to do there job best as possible for being short staffed and possibly not trained fully.  Both my hushband and I work in places that struggle to get applicants willing to work.  This world we live in after the pandemic has created a monster.

Super great place to stay, breakfast was awesome. I have to say Chad at the front desk went above and beyond, just don’t see many like him. Thanks Chad

Great location and was clean and friendly. The fitness center was very large and had a good display of different machines. The staff was very friendly and helpful with making recommendations on the local places.

Comfortable beds nice room but we never had a shower curtain  So we couldn't take a shower Great breakfast buffet

This hotel was very nice.  It was clean and comfortable and the front desk receptionist was friendly and efficient. My only complaint was the people that were staying upstairs were very loud and stomping on the floor all night and all morning. So we really didn't get much sleep. Which was actually awful because the bed was very comfortable.

Our room was nice and open. Major concern was the paper thin walls. Could hear the neighboring people in their rooms far to clearly. Other than that we enjoyed the room and pur stay.

I would just like to recognize the hotel staff, including the management for an excellent job getting reservations, booked, and credit card authorization is processed quickly. All my employees like staying at this hotel even though there is multiple in the area they prefer this one thank you.

If I could 0 stars it I would!!!! Came for my son’s bday, big slide was closed. There was a gross bug in the pool area crawling around. We opened up the pullout couch for my kids to sleep and there was MOUSE POOP on the bed and the pillow. DISGUSTING. Talked to person working and was told they would issue a refund and give this info to their Boss. ITS BEEN OVER A MONTH AND NEITHER HAS HAPPENED!! STAY AWAY!! I honestly am so astonished by the lack of care from the staff and also the company as a whole as I filed a formal complaint with cooperate two weeks ago. Such a shame in every aspect.

The quick review. Stellar customer service, quiet location within walking distance of a movie theater, dining, and shopping. It was meant to help reduce stress, success.
The long review that matters:
I booked the room, grabbed some herbs that elevate the spirit and departed for my Halle-day. I checked in, and decided to elevate before heading to the room. I live as a home free individual, who has had multiple traumatic events in my lifetime. I have come far in the last 18 months and needed to show the new love in my life just how much I appreciate them. Well along the way in a hurry I hid the herbs away, and when I was in a rush to find them and forgot where I hid them the resistance spiked, cortisol dumped, and I roared so loud that they were faced with a decision on rather allowing such an intense energy to remain in the hotel. I wasn’t very happy with my display, and had I been asked to vacate my Halle-day I think I might have melted down in an atomic fashion. I had regained composure to defend my poor behavior, and the woman who was manning the desk must have had some empathy for my situation. I told her that her choice was a reflection of her character and that God had been working through her. Thanks for the second chance, and the relaxation. Halle 🌹

We stayed on the first floor in a king room. Our room was nice and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was also clean. The hotel looked new and was well maintained. Definitely would stay here again!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Very poorly maintained room. Shades broken, tub drain clogged, hairs around the bathroom, moldy looking colors on ceiling and bathroom walls, broken bathroom lock. They had issues getting us checked in. WiFi get going out or perhaps there wasn’t good coverage in the bedroom.
Breakfast was good! Beds were comfortable. Staff was friendly.

The rooms were spacious, quiet, comfortable and ,most importantly, clean. The bed was excellent. The breakfast was exceptional. The location was very convenient for our stay.

Positive: Place Negative: They do not return the deposits.

This was our second stay here after being super impressed the first go round. The one star is literally because the entire staff is so nice but if I could have gave 0 stars for the actual stay I would have. We got a king suite this time and we ended up in a room overlooking the pool. Well regardless of posted hours some parents let their kids into the pool at 7:30AM rather than the 8AM opening time and in this room we could hear EVERYTHING in that pool. Then later that afternoon the hotel had a birthday party booked in the pool where the participants were blasting music and there were so many people in there no one staying in the hotel could use the pool which would have been fine for a couple hours and completely understandable. This party went from 2PM-8PM so that entire time we could not relax in our room due to the noise or at the very least enjoy the pool. Aside from that there was hair on our shower wall and what I swore looked like dried blood on the carpet. First stay impressed me but after this one we will opt for another hotel next time.

Beautiful view of the mountains, great scenic drive coming as well. Drove from San Diego  here with my sisters and kids. The hotel was a great choice the kids pool was perfect and I enjoyed the hot tub. Perfect way to relax before bed. Mat at front desk was the definition of ABOVE AND BEYOND. He was so great to the kids and so hospitable, he went out of his way to another floor to get ice for another guest that was staying down by the pool. So they can fully enjoy their stay. I dont remember the last time I seen an employee do something like that. Great employee at a great hotel. Definetly would come back again. Thank you Mat.!

We had an amazing stay! The staff went above and beyond, from the sweet welcome snack bag with water and a cute drawing to the creative towel displays in our room.
Matt was exceptional, he even let me borrow his laptop charger when I forgot mine, which was so appreciated. The breakfast attendant was also incredibly kind.
We stayed 5 days and every day was great. The only downside was the slide being out of order, but the pool was clean and the hot tub was perfect after hiking.
Highly recommend!

Sadly disappointed after our stay and don’t think we will be returning again. Upon checkin we were notified that “our room was oversold” and the King Suite we booked online several months ago (and called to confirm earlier this week) was not available, the only room available was a regular king room without the pullout couch bed that we needed for our son. The room did include a small chaise chair but not nearly big enough for our 12 year old to sleep on. So we asked for a rollaway bed and were told they had all already been given out. No apologies or care that our son had no bed, I asked for a manager and was told I could take a card, they weren’t available. I believe that they took our room and sold it to someone else for a higher price due to being sold out. I asked to change to a double queen and she said “we can’t take someone else’s room and give it to you” and that is exactly what they did to us. Not a good experience all around, bad customer service, the hotel is getting run down, bad maintenance, no improvements in the many years we’ve been coming, our last stay included a cockroach in one of our rooms and the slide wasn’t even working during our stay. They also ran out of bedding, so half of our party in other rooms didn’t even get blankets, they were given duvet covers…  There were also two fights during our stay, one in the parking lot and one in the hall in the middle of the night. Guess it’s time to find a new place for our local staycations with the kids, which is sad because we used to really love this place. 👎🏻👎🏻

The slide pool in the pictures were the main reason we wanted to stay at this location. To our disappointment we booked a 8 day stay and the slide was down the entire time. Yes the pool and hot tub still functioned but Low circulation in the pool area as well so I seemed a little stuffy. The kids did get sick after days of enjoying the pool area, but we cannot be for certain it was from the pool or just the travel. Other than that Matt was a great energy to connect with as the front desk agent, he left a great impression on my family during the stay. Breakfast was good, a variety of option but for extended stays biscuit and gravy is the main course. Rooms are clean and housekeeping staff was friendly. The location offers a variety of options within walking distance to dine, shop, park, nails, movie theater, ect.

The rooms are clean.  Bedding is comfortable and all the staff are helpful and friendly.  The pool area which my family drove out from Denver for is pretty run down. Both slides were pretty much out of commission with them having pump problems. Everything else about the stay was good.  Breakfast was on the better side of hotel breakfasts.

Very Nice place. Very reasonably priced. Good hot water shower with good pressure. 24 Hour coffee available.

Rough Stay on this one. First, the slide that is the whole reason we booked this hotel was broken, out of service. Dissappointing but it happens. We checked in and then once we got to the room the safe did not function and there was no bedding for the pull out. When requested, it was all "in the washer" and none was available.

We then tried the pool where there was a heck of a party going on. The pool was cloudy, and I kid you not, as I'm getting ready to step into the water with my sons I watch a large ball of black hair floating by. In addition there was a group with a Pug dog running around the pool and they were getting hammered like the 4th of July at a Nascar event. Straight pulls of vodka as they are walking around screaming around the pool.

Bedding in the room had also clearly not been washed prior to our arrival, visible stains.

I spoke with the front desk employee who was honestly doing his best considering it was spring break and he stated we would received a full refund since we were leaving less than an hour after checking in. Stated he needed his assistant manager the next day to issue the refund. I watch my credit card and low and behold after two days pending it charges.

Reached out to them over the Expedia App and got ghosted. Now I'm disputing the charge with my credit card company.

Do what you wish with this info but I will also say this is the first time I have ever not finished a stay at a hotel and I booked one on Fremont Street in Vegas for $89 a night once in my youth.

We went there because the water slide 
And was not working 
The pool looks dirty and stinks so much 
The spa or hot tube was dirty as well

Our choice to stay at this hotel was largely driven by the water slides. However, upon arrival, we discovered that they were not operational. We were not informed of this in advance, which was unfortunate given the distance we traveled. Had we been aware, we would have considered alternative options in Denver. The closure was only brought to our attention when we entered the pool. Another guest informed us that they had been contacted and offered alternative accommodations, which we were not. Given the substantial cost of over $300, we are disappointed that we were not provided with the same options. We will not be returning.

Positive: Good location Negative: If the slide, which is the main reason most people even book this hotel, is down, let people know! Wouldn't have even stayed here had it been disclosed.

The pros:
The bedding was clean. The room was clean, the staff was friendly. Checking in was easy.
The cons:
The tub was clogged, and the faucet dripped all night. The carpet was missing in a few spots, and the pool chemicals seemed to be slightly off (however it looks like they were fixing that as we were checking out)

The staff was very friendly and easy to work. Our room was well kept and clean but we had a broken shower. Such a fun pool but it clearly the pool itself and surrounding pool deck is not cleaned on a routine basis.

Pool is nasty, whole place is dirty and it just gets worse. Just don't.

Could not believe the hotel was as cheap as it was for what you get; centrally located, breakfast, WiFi, great staff, pool with a waterslide for the kids. It was affordable, peaceful and mainly SO CONVENIENT ~2-5 miles from everything we wanted to see in Longmont and only a short trip to Boulder or Denver, we never felt like we were way out of the way of anything that we wanted to do. I don’t have the words to describe how much we enjoyed our stay. The staff were kind, the man who checked us in, Matt, gave us great restaurant recommendations and everyone was incredibly responsive to any requests during our 5 night stay. You can basically watch the sunset over the mountains from the parking lot, a ton of great restaurants within walking distance and even more that will deliver to your room door. My only gripes were the elevator was a bit scary the first time we used it (it will open just give it a second) as it is definitely older, and (my own fault) we GPSd our way to the other Holiday Inn Express in Longmont more than once haha. I travel often worldwide and I rarely write reviews, even rarer for me to feel compelled to write a strictly positive review but I HIGHLY recommend this hotel, even for our family of 5 in one room, it was a comfortable, spacious and leisurely stay. And the price tag of our trip could’ve been SO much higher for less amenities if we hadn’t decided to give this one a try.

Super clean rooms!!! Breakfast was amazing and the man who help me out at the front desk on 3–17-26 has been the most amazing helpful kindest man I have ever met at a motel!!! Will def be returning and highly recommend :)))

A nightmare from beginning to end. The pool was filthy and the cherry on top was the teenagers harassing us all night. We had two rooms and we ended up having to pack up our 10 month old, 2.5 year old, and 3 older children at THREE in the morning. Front desk staff were notified countless times, police called, and all the staff could say was they weren't sure where the parents or guardians were and they recommended we just ignore it. We tried, desperately, to ignore it. They woke us all night long. Banging, calling our phone, pounding on door, stomping outside our room. The manager has never called us to discuss what happened, no one has apologized. No refund. Nothing. I am disgusted with the lack of customer service from the staff at this location.

Edited in response :
Bree, you did NOT make multiple attempts to call. We were promised Friday night, that a manager would call us as soon as possible.
You only called today (3/11) after seeing my review. If you mean multiple attempts were made by US, you'd be correct. We called Sunday (you're not available on weekends) Monday, Tuesday, and then again today. Every single time we were told you'd call us back, you did not. No one tried contacting us. No one explained how this was allowed to happen or why they weren't removed that night. Or why WE were expected to leave with FIVE children.
We tried to be patient, however it's now been five days since the incident. This was handled horribly.

Amazing stuff and house keeping very nice and respectful and helpful. Made us feel very welcomed like if we were at home. Made sure we were well taken care of. Amazing customer service. And extremely knowledgeable and understanding and polite.

This hotel deserves more than 10 stars but that's the highest I can give on these surveys. Everyone there is always smiling, happy to be there. The breakfast always has fantastic options to pick from and the food stays fresh. The breakfast lady that was there Monday and Tuesday morning during my stay was the sweetest thing.

Peyton at the front desk was also such a gem! She was a sweetheart and so pleasant anytime I went to the desk. The entire staff was but Peyton just made the biggest impression on me so I had to drop her name in this review.

I will 110% be staying here again! And yes! I recommend!

Positive: Location Negative: Room was not clean, sheets had a bad smell

We are extremely pleased with our experience at this Holiday Inn. The gentleman at the front desk provided exceptional customer service. We will continue to stay here because of the outstanding service.

Friendly staff and great location. 
Breakfast needs more choices

Spent a night only but it was comfortable. Reception was very welcoming and got my preferences right though on the second try(was apologetic and quickly rectified the issue), the room was clean and warm and quiet.
Breakfast was as usual (I don’t think IHG is ever changing their standard menu anytime soon).
In short, it was an enjoyable and restful night stay and I’m sure it’ll be a fun place to stay in summer with kids cos they’ve got an awesome pool the kids would love.

Positive: The beds and pool. Negative: Noisy neighbors but that's not the hotels fault.

We enjoyed our 2 night stay here for my son's birthday, for the most part its clean, rooms are nice and comfy, but for the 3 days and 2 nights we were there the pool trash was overflowing and they dont pay attention to detail when cleaning, its like a surface clean. There were kids running down the halls until after midnight being real loud.

Worth it for the breakfast and DirectTV! They had (real) egg omelettes, bacon, biscuits & gravy, and cinnamon rolls plus the standard yogurt, cereal, etc. The rooms were clean. We had no complaints during our stay other than wishing we had booked the room for longer! S/O to Matt from Gardner! He was incredibly helpful and made our stay a pleasant experience.

Comfortable bed, near the stairs, ease of checking in and out of hotel, polite and friendly front desk personnel! Door to room had to be pulled closed for full closure from the outside.

This hotel was excellent from top to bottom. I don't have a single complaint. The hotel itself is very clean and a very welcoming environment. The staff always greeted me anytime I walked by the front desk. The breakfast was delicious! Always different options, the breakfast lady I think her name was Marie? Maria? She was the sweetest thing and very welcoming. Mat at the front desk was so friendly! The managers Bre and PJ are great too! This hotel is really up and coming, I stayed here a year ago with my friend and it was not a good experience but this time around you can tell everyone here cares and it changes the whole place's vibe! Will def be coming back!

Worth it for the breakfast and DirectTV! They had (real) egg omelettes, bacon, biscuits & gravy, and cinnamon rolls plus the standard yogurt, cereal, etc. The rooms were clean. We had no complaints during our stay other than wishing we had booked the room for longer! S/O to Matt from Gardener! He was incredibly helpful and made our stay a pleasant experience.

I am really tough to please when it comes to hotels. But this experience, the helpful staff, and especially Matt! This hotel was fantastic, we loved our trip, we loved our stay here.

From the moment we stepped on the property, Matt greeted us, and offered to help. Throughout our entire say, if we needed something, Matt was right there to help. All the other staff were equally as friendly as well, but Matt just happened to be there when I needed help.

My room was  clean, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was great. They have dove soaps, shampoos, and conditioners. The pool is warm, the hot tub was hot, and they had a really great waterslide! My two kids had a blast. They had a really family kiddie pool as well.

Breakfast in the mornings was awesome! Everything was fresh, clean, very appetizing. The staff had great recommendations of where to go what to see, and the hotel is located really conveniently near great places to eat as well!

Because of this hotel, specifically, we are huge fans of Holiday Inn express! We saw one late in the evening on our drive back, and decided to stay the night there instead of continuing to drive home. It was equally as great, earning our loyalty.

Honestly, this place was awesome, and I’m hard to please when it comes to hotels. I nit-pick everything. Solid 5-stars! Feedback - we kept getting three towels in our room After cleaning/refresh. We had four people staying in this room, I needed four towels. Matt was happy to Bring us extras, though!

I would definitely recommend this hotel.  Each year for Christmas for my large family we gift a Christmas pool party.  I got 5 rooms, there were 10 adults and 9 children.  We catered in Chipolte and ate it in the Breakfast eating area.  The kids had a blast in the pool area before and after dinner and in the morning after breakfast.  They all said this was there favorite Christmas pool party!!

Great location with ample parking.
Interior has a nice decor.
Breakfast did not have hot enough foods, yogurts were watery, hard cinnamon rolls and no individual milks so a disappointment there.

Welcoming hotel with cheerfulness and real hospitality. A breakfast bar that shames most cruise ships; fresh fruit, biscuits and gravy, cinnamon rolls, hot egg choices, potatoes, meat items, cereal bar, yougart. 
Clean, comfortable rooms with direct tv 500+ channels, indoor pool with waterslide. 
Great location with grocery stores, gas station, fast-food, department stores, restaurants all in walking distance.

Positive: The front desk staff were all so kind and helpful. The cleaning staff didn't speak English but were all very helpful. The breakfast was plentiful. Negative: The pool area was filthy, the chlorine was so high sitting near the hot tube burns eyes, the latter to get out of the pool was loose and unstable.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Staff were wondering full and went up and beyond being kind and helpful.

I had the good luck of selecting this hotel for my state in Longmont arriving late the day of my reservation, the front desk manager, Matt, was unbelievably accommodating and eagerly answered all my questions.
I go a room on the first floor at the end of the hallway and I was informed of the amenities at the hotel, things like breakfast hours, pool and gym areas.
The room was spotless and well supplied with toiletries, shampoo. Etc.

The pool was very nice and so was the Jacuzzi. Front desk Matt, having noticed me going to the pool, came to review the availability of fresh towels, there were none, having noticed this Matt brought a batch of fresh towels.

Breakfast the next morning was very good and included a freshly brewed cup of coffee.
Food was of good quality and the area was super clean.

I would recommend this hotel for it's cleaniness, the amenities such as pool and a nice gym. But principaly for it's customer care.

And yes the price was very economical.

No hot water the bathroom wall and floor need repairs

Everything has been great here the staff are perfect the rooms are really clean and housekeeping is always on top of it! But as i sit here reading the reviews i seen over 2 months wgo the owner said they would replace the dryer immediately. And im pretty sure its the same dryer someone else left a review on because i personally have spent $14.00 to try and dry my clothes and they were still wet. It just makes me think the owner isn't replacing the dryer because its a money pot for him and he doesn't care about the customers here at his hotel. So it would be nice to see the owner keep his word and replace the dryer this time. But other then that if the dryer gets replaced this hotel would be perfect. All the staff have been very helpful and amazing! So props to them! They all deserve some extra credit!

I am currently staying at the holiday inn. I've been here for a couple months everything here has been amazing. Everything has been really nice and the staff here are super amazing and very helpful! The only downside about this holiday inn would be there dryer it does not dry clothes at all even small loads take 3-5 cycles and at $2.00 per cycle it costs anywhere from $6.00-$10.00 which is outrageous to have dry clothes if they had a working dryer here then nothing would be short of amazing! I hope to see on my next stay that the dryer has been replaced!

The room they put us in was not clean. There were fingerprints on the TV, tables, all the light fixtures. There was dust everywhere. The floor was filthy. It hadn't been swept or vacuumed. They switched us rooms, the 2nd room was cleaner, but not cleaned properly. The hallways throughout the hotel were gross and I thought maybe they just hadn't gotten to cleaning it yet. It was that way the entire stay. We stay in the area often, but won't return due to the cleanliness. Breakfast was really good and they had a lot of options.

Positive: Room was big and comfortable, had nightstands on both sides, plenty of outlets to recharge electronics, staff was very attentive, pool and hot tub were very well maintained. My favorite hotel in Longmont. Negative: Would have been great if breakfast was available until 10 am every day.

This hotel location was convenient and our kids really liked the pool and waterslide. However, we didn’t have reliable hot water for our full stay. Every-time we asked for an update, we were told ‘someone was coming to look at it’, but it was never fixed during the three days and two nights we were there. We have two small kids that needed baths. If we would have known it wouldn’t be fixed quickly, we would have stayed somewhere else.

Mgr and staff were amazing. I will be back for certain.

Both the shower and sink drains would back up. Brought the issue up with the front desk and was told it would be fixed. 5 days later it was still not fixed!

Nice place to stay. Great staff. Indoor pool and hot tub. An exercise room too. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that needs a place to stay for a night or two or more.

I had a great stay! Clean rooms, friendly staff, delicious breakfast! Will definitely come back

Would recommend this hotel in Longmont CO. Its location is easy to find and fairly quiet from abeyant noise. . The staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and well maintained, with plenty of towels. The complimentary breakfast was surprisingly good for a buffet setting. The dinning room with it's free coffee was big enough not to feel claustrophobic and well lit.

Hotel was convenient and near where I was visiting. Staff was  friendly and helpful.  Many restraunts within walking distance. Beds were comfortable. 
Breakfast was ok. Food could have been hotter and fresher. Rolls were dry and potatoes were hard.

When we first showed up it was good everything seemed very nice. We got into our room and in the tub there was a big we didn’t know what it was but we simply killed it.
Next morning there was a COCKROACH that came out of our bathroom!! This particular one had an egg sack on her back so it really concerned me.
I’m assuming the bug we didn’t know what it was, was a roach as well.
We also found one eating some dog food. (Which we didn’t have a dog with us, maybe last people who stayed did?)
When I came up front to report I rang the bell 5 times and my husband called the front no one answered for 30 minutes and phone kept ringing.

Was told sorry and she told me when she stayed there she had a roach in her room as well. They apparently don’t have maintenance on Sundays so no way to get it right he now.
Not offered a refund or discount price. I am just disgusted and I feel like they are everywhere.
Never going back and don’t recommend.

We came specifically for the pool to celebrate my son’s 4th birthday. He absolutely loved it!! He must have went down the big slide at least 50 times. The big slide was definitely our families favorite! The jets in the hot tub were strong and I liked that they were on constantly and you didn’t have to get out to keep restarting them like most hotels.
Our 2 king suite was wonderful for our large family & 2 dogs. I liked how the rooms were separate with doors and then we had a kitchen area where the kids could play.
I also liked how the coffee/hot water machines are available 24/7 so you can make a fresh cup whenever you liked. Breakfast was good & the pancake maker was a hit with our toddlers.
Service was also wonderful. They brought goggles someone had left behind for our kids to enjoy in the pool. They were helpful is trying to locate a lost pair of keys (that we found in a bag when we made it home 😝). They also allowed my mom into the room a little early so she could decorate it for my son’s birthday before we arrived.
Overall, we loved it & will definitely be back!

We were greeted with a very friendly and courteous gentleman and make sure everything was exactly like we needed and showed us round and was available for any questions. Also show us the best places to eat in the area for dinner. It was one of the best hotel experiences we had.

We came for a long weekend with the kids, breakfast, pool, staff, room cleanliness was all wonderful. Couldnt ask for more, will definitely be back and recommend to families. Also great proximity to things to do, only about 50 minutes to Fort Collins, Estes Park, Denver, and 20 to Boulder..

All the staff was very attentive and helpful, hotel has a very welcoming and comfortable environment that feels like a home away from home.

All I can say is wow. Super clean. Incredible staff. Such a great experience

BEWARE! II reserved a room with 2beds,bottom floor.imy elderly handycap father myself. When I get there after driving 14hrs I'm on the top floor one bed.i need 2 beds. I said I needed two beds. Not once did I get offered a roll away or something to sleep on. They refused to give me my $$ back. I tried to get a room at a sister hotel across town but I would have to pay an additional 600. That would be 1200 in all. So I slept on the floor I had to ask the night crew for additional blanket for the floor. Nice. I was not happy. We drove from Dallas to see my father's dieing brother. We'll I get to sleep one more nite on the floor before we head back in the morning. I travel here to see family. This will be the last time I ever stay at this hotel. 300 + 300deposit that I get back hopefully.

Fantastic location, property, and hotel staff. The night clerk / manager / desk guy was awesome. Loves dogs and is happy to be there and help customers. Great guy.

This hotel was super clean and luxurious. The room was big and the bed was very comfortable. All the Dove products for my wife were absolutely amazing. Stay here and you won’t regret it. 5 stars!!

Great hotel with a nice warm pool and slide that goes outdoor and back in. Room was clean and breakfast in the morning was tasty with lot of options. I love the potatoes and bacon

I was put into the last available room which had a window open to the pool below. All I could smell was chlorine. I left immediately.

This the only hotel we stay at when we visit Longmont. The rooms are great, but it is the staff and the service that make this hotel exceptional.  All the people we worked with were wonderful, but Peyton really stood out, going above and beyond to make sure our stay was perfect.

This was a great affordable hotel with luxury and breakfast with an awesome pool area.

Oh my gosh...where do I begin? If you're looking for an incredible hotel, this is it! We begin this mini visit to see daughter and son in law for 3 days. I bring gramy with (my 90 yr old extremely spry mother). Girl, she will lap you around a football field. NO LIE. Connor is here to check us in. Extremely professional and engaging! 5 stars! It gets better! Our rooms are across the hall (very important in the event 90 yr old spry mom needs to help her 67 yr old not spry daughter). Beds are super super comfy. Pillows galore! We both agree this is one of the cleanest hotels we've been in and we say so to Rosa, head housekeeper.  Peyton  and Katie round out the front desk for extraordinary service and makes this hotel the GO TO when visiting Boulder.  The breakfast was abundant and tasty. As a diabetic, there were so many options (low sugar yogurt, hard boiled eggs, sugar free syrup for pancakes), it was fantastic! Where do I end? I don't! I'll be back. As this is perfection from beginning to end!

Pros: Rooms are clean and spacious. Fridge, microwave, ac/heating unit. Beds are super SUPER soft. Not so great if you prefer sleeping on a rock instead of a cloud. Breakfast is decent as far as budget friendly hotel food goes. Water slide is awesome!

Cons: checkout is 11. Members can request late checkout til 12. 40$ an hour after that. Not much of a contender with Marriott where checkout is noon and members can request late checkout up to 4 pm at no cost depending on their member level. Housekeeping comes banging on doors around 9 am regardless of DND hanger on, waking up napping babies, sleeper inners, etc. Blackout "curtain" is basically a projector screen which is cool if u have a projector. Also would work well if there were actual curtains to pull in front of it. But as it is there are big gaps on the edges allowing a lot of light in, defeating their purpose entirely. Staff is kinda rude.

We had a fantastic stay at the Holiday Inn Express! It was the perfect spot for our family. My kiddo had an absolute blast on the water slide and can't stop talking about it. Our room was spotless, modern, and the beds were incredibly comfortable. Most importantly, the staff was amazing—so friendly, welcoming, and helpful with any questions we had. We felt right at home and will definitely be staying here again. Highly recommend for families!

Really enjoyed our stay ! Kids loved the pool slides. Overall the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean.

Great hotel for the cost. They even wrote me a note welcoming me. They had wonderful Halloween decorations in the lobby. Just a wonderful experience all around.

I checked in late hence I feel I was given room leftout room. Bathroom door was not closing. Bathroom tiles were moving. I had my preference set for room to be away from elevator but the room was given right beside elevator. There was noise from pool area since early morning. Pancake machine wasn't working for breakfast. Staff didn't care to ask how was the stay.

Room 213 has the only window look directly into the pool room. The HVAC unit also pulls in Pool Room air. If people are in the pool room, room 213 is not quiet and you will not get any sleep. Request a different room right away if your room has a window looking into the pool room. We asked to move to a different room after the first night and were accommodated right away. This is a problem the staff deal with frequently.

We enjoyed staying here, our son looked forward to swimming at the pool with the waterside. One reason we picked this place was because they allow larger dogs.  If we're back in the area again we would look forward to staying here!

Travelling with a posse of 7 -4 children and 3 adults.
We all absolutely oved the pool area and water slide. 
The breakfast was great and the staff were friendly, accommodating and knowledgeable.
Great location, close to many good stores and restaurants.
The entire area was exceptional clean, beautifully landscaped and well cared for.
Longmont is exceptionally beautiful, centrally located and was such a wonderful experience for all of us.
We would definitely come back to stay at the Longmont holiday Inn Express.

Not bad pool wasn't as advertised

Positive: Just a really nice room. Negative: Zero complaints here but the water for the shower was either too hot or not enough pressure. Like, I tried to make the water cooler but then there was no pressure so I took a bath.

The first time we stayed here, everything was pretty good! It’s not a high-end hotel but we liked the layout of the room and it was clean.

The second time, very disappointing. The floors in the room and bathroom clearly hadn’t been cleaned properly, walking around barefoot picked up all kinds of hair and filaments. We left shortly after arriving for meetings and asked the front desk to redo our floors, and was told they’d be taken care of. Upon our return much later, we found a vacuum standing outside of our door — the floors hadn’t been done, and the cleaning staff had already gone home. What the heck happened?

And then the breakfast options were terrible. Nearly 40 minutes prior to shutdown and they weren’t making more eggs or bacon. Both times we’ve been here, the hotel is full of screaming children running up and down the hallways (poor sound quality in the rooms), the floors are always wet from the swimming pool downstairs, and we’ve nearly slipped several times.

We won’t be staying here again.

We absolutely LOVED the hotel! Water slide and breakfast to the service was GREAT!
Except the washer and dryer!!! Very very upset over the dryer! Washed our clothes and when I went to dry them after 12$ our clothes were still wet. And the smell of the washer was absolutely horrible!

So not only did I try to get rid of our dirty clothes for the travel home I spent 13.50 to still have wet stinky clothes dirty clothes!!! Not happy at all.

Talked to front desk about it and it was not handled properly I don’t feel like.

Positive: Friendly staff, great breakfasts, good location, Negative: The hotel needs upgrades.  The elevator is clunky.  The hallways are 70's decor looking, and kind of grungy. Chipped/cracked tile in the bathroom. Strange odors in the hallways. I find the long, oblong pillows on the beds to be too soft, and awkward.

Had a great time at this location. Hotel is very well maintained and CLEAN! Everyone who works here is amazing but Kelsy at the front desk was so hospitable. Will recommend for sure

Great room, great price, very friendly staff. I loved the indoor pool and water slide! Very cool attraction. Will be back! Was here for wedding and we all had such a great time, the staff is very accommodating and made it feel like a home!

My wife and I took a short 5 day vacation to Colorado and decided the Boulder area would be a perfect location.  So we pick the Holiday Inn at longmont and we are very happy we did.  The hotel is clean, quiet and comfortable the city of Longmont was a pleasant surprise the downtown are is wonderful with many restaurants with outdoor patios with shopping for my wife.  We would definitely recommend for anyone who ask.

Great pool, slide, and hot tub. Friendly staff.

The employees are fantastic. They are friendly and always ready to help. The hotel it self is very nice it's the only hotel I know of that has a water slide that is big. My child is  autistic and the staff made him feel so special and safe.

Typical HI Express.  Good breakfast, scramble eggs,but no omlets today.  Lots of TV channels with Direct TV.
Internet was a bit rough to connect.
Location rating depends on your needs, 40 minutes to Estes Park.

The hotel and room were not very clean.

Customer service was fast, efficient, and the staff are amazing!  We were here for the weekend and the location is quiet, but convenient to many shops.  The rooms were nice and the beds comfortable.  We did have an issue with a leak from the AC on the floor above us, but they came after we left and it looked like the issue was resolved.  Will be staying here again!

I came to just relax with my family and we saw that it had a pool with a slide. I have a daughter so we thought to try this place. We were definitely surprised at how clean everything was, and how fun it was to stay here. Definitely recommend this hotel for your family. Breakfast was good and the gym was good too. It had free weights and cardio machines which is cool because some hotels don'f have both.

We asked for towels and they seemed to come in like 2 minutes the guy at the front desk was amazing and i have nothing bad to say about this place!

Very bad experience and the reception was not so nice when I checked in.

We stayed for 4 days and as always, got the best service at an affordable price. Special shoutout to Matt at front desk who was always helpful..

Fantastic front desk staff, great breakfast and good location. The frog slide in the pool area is in serious need of being replaced or repaired. We appreciated the Treasure Chest full of little toys for the kids at the front desk, makes you feel cared about as a visitor.

Matt at the front desk exceeded his duties and provided excellent customer service when the washing machine broke. He made sure our clothes were washed and dryed for us. He was also very friendly to all guests when they came in. This holiday inn is lucky to have him as an employee.

Positive: We have been to this hotel several times for a staycation and have usually had a great experience. This trip was very different! Our favorite thing is the pool and the two bedroom king suite. Negative: The chemicals in the pool were soooo bad that they had our entire family sneezing and coughing so bad that my youngest threw up several times. We ended up checking out a few hours after we arrived.

Positive: Comfortable bed Negative: It's actually very loud. If there's kids around you'll hear then running and screaming. There is no vent in the bathroom. When I requested clean towels, I didn't get them till the housekeeping came by in the evening.

We definitely enjoyed our stay here. We had a beautiful view of the mountains from our room, the room was clean and comfortable! Our room had a California king bed, which was very comfortable! The pillows were almost body-size, and each side had a soft pillow and a firm pillow. And the room stayed cool.

The towels for the bathroom were a nice size. The room had lotion, hand soap, body wash, shampoo and conditioner in a dispenser so there was no need to bring our own. The shower had different settings and the water pressure was good.

The room had a safe, iron/ironing board, blow dryer, three drawers for clothes and hangers in a closet. The TV was large and has cable.

The room attendant allowed me to change out my towels, but she didn't attend to the room daily. This wasn't an issue for us because we kept up with our own room.

The service at the desk was very pleasant, and the breakfast was really nice! Eggs, bacon/sausage, potatoes, biscuits, bagels, pastries... it was a full break.

There's an indoor pool with a slide, but we didn't use it.

Not a single bug! That's a plus!

We would definitely stay here again!

The location was a little bit out-of-the-way from i-25.  However, our experience is always good with Holiday Inn. I always like to leave a review at the ones we stay at. They always have great service and are very helpful. The rooms are always clean and we appreciate the comfort they provide. Our host in the front named Matt was absolutely excellent. I watched him as we passed through the lobby and when at the pool. He is a very hard worker. Very motivated with being on time with his at work schedule duties from what I could tell he was also great to talk to and seemed like someone that was really easy-going. Hotels need to promote guys like this, this leaves positive reviews and in return brings people back. Sometimes solely because of that one pleasant person that made their stay! Great job Matt!

Hotel ist absolut in Ordnung. Sauber, gemütliche Zimmer , kann man aushalten.

The staff is extremely accommodating. That is the reason we keep returning to stay at this location, in addition to the facility itself. Everyone from the managers, to the front desk, to the cleaning and breakfast personnel are attentive helpful and try to satisfy our needs.

The room quality was great and food was good.  What makes this hotel exceptional for us was Matt, who manned the front desk checking us in, took the extra effort to bring local information to our room, and greeted us every time he was there.  He was friendly and efficient where most are just efficient.  It was a pleasure to meet Matt.

We had a pleasant weekend stay with our five year old and our dog. This hotel was super kid- and pet-friendly, which was great! Our kiddo loved the pool, and I definitely appreciated that it was kept at a comfortable temperature. Honestly though, the real reason for my review is to pass along compliments to Matt, the 2nd shift front desk attendant. He was so pleasant, always greeted people with a smile, and was more than willing to accommodate our needs and provide location recommendations. You can tell he knows and loves the area well. Five stars for Matt's awesome customer service.

Very rude and unprofessional front office person. Lack of training on managing guests problems. Rooms were not ready. Bed linen had to be collected from the front office. Only one bed was ready with linen. For 3 guests, only 2 bath towels were in the room. Had to collect that again from the front desk. Toilet clogged, but it was fixed after 2 phone calls. During the guest checkin front office has no clue whether the room is ready for the number of guests who are staying. Extremely low standard compared to all other Holiday Inns. I personally like Holiday Inn and will continue to stay, but this is a one off the poorly managed hotels where they may not have trained the staff properly.

Had a fantastic stay staff was friendly and helpful. The next time we get a hotel stay we won"t have to figure out where. Clean, comfy convenient. Can not think of anything to complain about

Great location, clean and well appointed rooms. Enjoyed the good lighting comfortable beds. Such a positive stay. The auto close mechanism on all the rooms main entry doors made too much noise slamming shut.

Stayed for two nights and it was a really great place to stay!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The hotel seems to be relatively new from its appearance.  The room smelled lovely when we entered.  It was roomy and comfortable.  That is until King Kong above us started walking around the whole night.  How do you build a hotel with thin ceilings?  That’s ridiculous.  Made the stay nerve racking and I was annoyed every night of my stay.  If you stay here, and are a light sleeper, get a room on the 4th floor.  If  heavy walking above your head doesn’t bother you, enjoy!  OMG!  King Kong is pounding around as I write this!  It’s 10:46pm.  Good grief!

If you're planning to visit Estes Park and/or Rocky Mountain National Park and don't want to spend a fortune, this is the hotel you want to choose. The amenities, cleanliness, staff and location are excellent. You are only about 30 miles from Estes Park, and it's easy to get there via US 36 just a couple of miles north of the property.

When I travel, I always look for a Holiday Inn Express.  I am always appreciative for the high standards in cleanliness, staff assistance and the ease of checking in and out.  My stay in Longmont, CO was no different.  Staff was friendly and helpful, the room was perfect and as always, I was very happy with my stay!

The staff was very friendly and the room was comfortable. The hotel was clean. I enjoyed my stay very much and will recommend the hotel to others.

Positive: "" Negative: The water pool soo cold.

I had a great stay at this hotel! Clean and everyone is so friendly! Kelsey at the front desk was so personable and always greeted me in a way that made me feel welcome. The breakfast was great and the room was nice and quiet. Hotel smelled great too - I will be back again

KELSEY DID A WONDERFUL JOB WITH US. VERY FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL

Clean rooms. Great location. The pool area was great.

The hotel is very clean and comfortable and the pool is fantastic! My only complaint is that the plugs by the bed are "loose" and I couldn't get anything to charge without holding it in. In addition, the chemicals used in the oil are a bit overwhelming to the eyes as the pool is indoors, but my kids had an amazing time with the water slide!

Positive: Overall, a nice hotel. The king suite had lots of free space and most of the useful amenities. Negative: The bathroom floor had damaged tiles and flush was not working properly.

Overall, a nice hotel but nothing exceptional as a few other similar hotels from IHG that we have stayed at. The king suite had lots of free space and most of the useful amenities. The bathroom floor had damaged tiles and flush was not working properly. The staff were professional but not too friendly. The breakfast was decent as well but again not great. There were a few to-go items. The location is pretty good due to RMNP as well as the Denver airport being around an hour away on either side.

Me and my family stayed here as one of the stops on our summer vacation and this was such a cool hotel! The pool area is amazing heated pool, hot tub and pool slides! I've never stayed at a hotel like this one before. The staff was very friendly, the hotel snack bar also has some good stuff for fair prices! Loved the room and we will stay here from here on out when in the Longmont Colorado area!

Was never there and disappointed of office. Good bye and good luck

Great hotel in a great location.  We enjoyed our time in the city and also unwinding at the pool. Will definitely be staying here again.

Worst service. They don’t even inform the customer before cancelling the reservations. My flight got delayed and no one answers the call at the hotel or the customer care. Who heck do we call to inform about the delay? At 4AM in the night I’m waiting outside along with my family to find a place to stay. Fantastic hotel services by holiday inn inspire of being their premium IHG one rewards members.

We were greeted every time we entered or left the hotel. The room was clean. The breakfast was a nice way to start our mornings.

Perfect hotel.  Friendly staff.  Good breakfast.  Great pool.  Comfy beds.  Ideal location.

Five stars. Just went 7.37 seconds down the slide. Everyone should post their times so we can figure out the record.

The location was close to interstate.   Rooms were nice and clean, and the bed was the most comfortable I've slept on in a hotel in years! The staff was nice and helpful.   We would hands down stay here again.

deteriorating property; almost every visit something out of order; don't treat IHG reward members with any recognition; cheesy cheap handmade signs in lobby and elevators; electronics ports broken and unusable in rooms; internet often aggravating; chintzy when they allow you to use points; higher priced than nearby competing comparables. won't be stsying any more.

Easy check in, clean rooms, breakfast was alright. Only complaint would be the price, right around 150 per night was a bummer but it was the most affordable for the area.

Positive: Near the downtown area. Negative: The hot tub/ pool area could have been cleaner.

Shout out to Kelsey at the front desk who was super helpful and so kind! She is a 5 star employee!!

This was a great place to stay! Very clean, comfortable, and the breakfast was great too. The breakfast woman was very sweet too. I loved Mat at the front desk he was amazing and so cool to talk to!

The stay was very nice & a perk that its lots of restaurants & stores super close by. I had a misunderstanding about a charge in my room but it was refunded! They listened to my concerns and rectified the situation. I would highly recommend this hotel after receiving superb customer service.

This hotel is great. Has a cool slide in the pool room and the beds are so comfortable. I'd guess that they have pillowtop mattresses with how comfortable it was. The staff is great always so nice. Matt and Payton were outstanding! Rooms clean, breakfast great. Will come back!

I recently stay at this hotel in Longmont. The front desk staff is wonderful and go above & beyond. The young man at the desk got us the best rates available. The Hot breakfast is fresh & tasty. We were there for three days & every day had something different & delicious. The rooms were clean, spacious & comfortable   This is my favorite place to stay by far. A 5+ hotel.

This is our go-to place to stay every time we visit the area and each time we come we are never disappointed in the service and quality of our stay. The front desk staff is extremely friendly and helpful and the rooms are comfortable and clean. Also, you cannot beat the location with close proximity to the mountains and the freeway. 5 stars for sure 😊

My husband and I had a great staycation here!
The breakfast is good- those cinnamon rolls are to die for. The entire staff is friendly and accommodating, the managers are kind, the rooms are always very clean! What more could ya ask for!

The pool and water slide is amazing and fun for kids and adults too!

This hotel was very clean right when you walk in you can see that right away, the staff is always friendly, smiles and greets you when you walk in. Even the overnights person Mat was friendly and chipper and that is rare for people working over nights to be happy and chipper. It helps wake you up when you go downstairs and you see a friendly face waiting for you. The front desk girl Payton was great as well very helpful and polite. Overall, a great stay!

We stayed for a week over the Memorial Day weekend and the service was fantastic. The pool was nice, we couldn’t take advantage due to the kids, but we did enjoy the hot tub. The bed was very comfortable and the continental breakfasts were satisfying. There were a number of restaurants within walking distance and it was easy to get to. Lots of shopping and entertainment nearby, as well as the Rockies! Overall I can see us vacationing there again.

I really enjoyed my stay at this property. Hotel is clean and quiet. All of the staff were very courteous and pleasant. Would definitely recommend staying here, I will be back again.

Clean, comfortable, lots of food and shopping in the area. Warm pool with a water slide and a kids pool that’s also heated! So cool! The kids pool also has a cute kids frog slide!

I stored an ice chest and $400 worth of salmon and halibut in their freezer. It disappeared and only their staff had access. I am recommending to my company to seek accommodation elsewhere.

這間朗蒙特智選假日套房飯店提供極佳的住宿體驗。房間乾淨舒適，設施完善，服務人員友善且樂於助人。地點方便，適合商務出差或休閒旅遊。

Positive: Easy check in and check out Negative: No

This hotel is in a great location, pretty much in the center of Longmont.  We've stayed here twice to visit my daugher.  It has lots of things to do and many dining  options.  The hotel is a bit dated and needs a refresh.  The staff is great.  The beds need to be replaced because they're a little uncomfortable.  The breakfast that is included is pretty good.  All in all I would recommend this hotel and we will probably stay there again in the future.

Good, clean hotel. Would have been a good stay but the fire alarm went off for several hours and while they got the noise to stop the alarm lights kept flashing and the elevator didn't work for most of the first night I was there. The staff was very apologetic and friendly and not their fault. Was supposed to get a refund for some of the points used to book the stay due to this but that didn't actually happen. All that said, it's a good Holiday Inn Express, very clean, polite helpful staff, and I would still stay here again if back in the area.

Positive: Ok Negative: Na

We were traveling from Dallas to Boise and needed a place to stay halfway; Denver. This hotel was the best place we had stayed all week; clean, quite, comfortable, well equipped, perfect for a quick overnight stay but we would stay longer now that we know how wonderful it is. Apple Maps took us out of our way but it was worth it to get here.

I enjoyed my stay here- real nice hotel, very clean, taken care of and it's an IHG property so I was able to earn points which is always a plus!

We stayed here for 1 night. We had a late flight into Denver, and wanted to find a halfway point between the airport, and Estes Park.||Check-in was easy at 10:00 PM. The rooms were clean and modern. Beds were comfortable. Loved that the free breakfast, started at 6:30.

I liked my stay here at this hotel, the hotel is clean and the rooms clean too. I checked for bedbugs like I do at all hotels and I didn't find anything not even a stain on the mattress! Looked like new!

I enjoyed my stay here, the people are friendly I liked the guy that was working overnights he was very pleasant and nice to talk to. I enjoyed the pool and even the kids pool is heated and it feels great for me and my kiddos!

This hotel was very clean and the people working are very nice too. I enjoy the pool slide and the hot tub too!

This was a great hotel with very friendly people working in it. The breakfast was good too!

Connor extended a warm welcome at check-in, and was helpful and informative of local transportation and restaurants.
The hotel is located within walking distance of a variety of restaurants, Ozo Coffee; as well as Target; Kohl’s; grocery stores: Whole Foods and King Super; and a couple liquor stores.
The room had a spacious layout. The bed and pillows were clean and comfortable.
The pool and hot tub were ideal; and the complimentary breakfast simplifies the morning, and makes it easy to plan the rest of the day.

The reception staff is very friendly and welcoming. The rooms looked great and smelled nice too.

I had a great stay here at this location. Lots of friendly inviting people, the hotel is very clean and the breakfast was great too! I've seen other reviews say that there's no options but that's just not true. There were a ton of things to choose from! Just can't come down for breakfast when they're closing hahah I seen someone upset they were out of food by 930 but hello! The sign says they close at 930 so of course they were out!

I stayed here back in November of last year and I was not happy, I swore I would not stay again but this time I didn't have a choice I had to because of where it's located and I thought I'd give it another chance. This time around I was so impressed! I'm not sure what changed but I am very happy with my stay and I will 100% be coming back! Keep it up!

I was very happy with my stay at this holiday inn express hotel, everything is clean, the staff is always smiling and friendly and they serve bacon in the breakfast area on certain days which is nice that they rotate the menu and not use the same thing every day.

It was sort of rainy and crummy when we came out but that didn’t matter because this hotel has really fun things to do so that you aren’t trapped inside. We spent the day at the pool which is indoor and it has a water slide! Pool towels at the pool which was great so we could use ours for showers. Rooms were clean welcoming and comfortable. Everyone was very friendly, overall a true 10/10 for us!

I recently stayed at Holiday INN Express, and my experience was truly excellent — largely thanks to Connor at the front desk. From the moment I arrived, Connor went above and beyond to ensure everything was seamless. He was friendly, professional, and incredibly helpful with every question and request I had.

Whether it was suggesting local spots, helping with check-in, or making sure I was comfortable throughout my stay, Connor's attention to detail and genuine hospitality made a big difference. It's rare to come across service that feels both efficient and personal, but Connor struck that perfect balance.

The hotel itself was clean, comfortable, and well-maintained, but it’s really the staff — especially Connor — that made this stay memorable. I would definitely return and recommend this hotel to others, especially knowing that such outstanding service is part of the experience.  I truly hope management will see this and reward Connor as he truly cares and values his job.

Hidden gem this one is! I was pleasantly surprised! The hotel is clean, comfortable, and fun for traveling families! The staff is so nice everyone always smiling and the breakfast is tasty!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Excellent customer service, family friendly with a 5 Star breakfast!

Had such a great time here! Lots of cool stuff to do in the hotel swim, hot tub, water slide, there’s also a room for the hotel customers to do laundry and it’s only a couple dollars to wash and dry so it beats going to a pricy laundromat ! Will stay again!

This hotel was great and a lot of fun! The room was very clean and neat, the bed was comfortable and the staff was friendly. Would return and recommend

The third floor runs out of hot water by 9 am. Besides that, an amazing place to stay. Clean, great breakfast and staff!

I really liked my stay here, I travel a lot and some are hit or miss but this one was most definitely a hit! Everyone is so friendly, can tell you a lot about the town, the beds are nice and soft, pool and hot tub are great. All around a great hotel. I hardly ever do these surveys but for this hotel I had to! 10/10 from me!

This hotel is very comfortable, cool, and they serve good HOT food at breakfast which I'm sure we can all appreciate. Coming from hotels that usually do the cold style continental breakfast with 1 waffle maker to this place where it's all hot food and a pancake machine I was very impressed! Great place to stay when visiting Longmont!

The food was wonderful and a great selection . The pool and water slide was exceptional also

Had a great time needed to get the kids out of the house.  The pool and slides are amazing and we were able to keep the kids occupied in a freak snow storm.  Thank you so much.

This hotel is great, the beds are so soft and comfortable, the rooms smell and look nice and the pool is warm and fun! I would have spent all night at the pool if it were up to me! Great place here

Quiet property, comfortable bed. Had a lovely stay.

This hotel was really great, everyone that works there always has a smile on their face, even the housekeepers stopped to greet us and I could tell they didn't speak much english but they still smiled and gave a  friendly hello. Very warm pool and awesome water slide that has every other ihg hotel beat in the pool aspect. Had a great time and would absolutely stay again!

Was very impressed with this property! Cleanliness matters a lot to me and I felt very comfortable staying here. Not only that but the staff working here were all very kind. 100% would recommend and I will definitely be back.

This hotel is great! Such a cool place to stay, the pool area is nice and the rooms are always clean. The beds were nice and soft too but not too soft this place is killin' it! Ran by 2 beautiful women lol just pointing out the obvious but both the managers are beautiful so that's probably part of the reason why the hotel is in such good condition ;)

Minnesota gal here traveling to Colorado for vacation. If you are in the Denver area this is a must stay!  First, the staff was EXCELLENT. This place looks like they have renovated the pool area and looks great. If you are traveling with kids the waterslide was a hit!  Great location to Estes Park, Bolder, many trailheads. Easy drive from Denver airport.
We will be coming back here because of the staff and fun waterslide

This hotel is a great place to stay, very homey and comforting. The staff care about the customers and there jobs which is so nice to see. I was here on more of a business reason but I would most def come back again for relaxation and lazy reasons or even just to vaca. If you have kids this is the place to go! They have a mini waterpark in the pool are and it's indoor thank Goodness so no amount of rain can stop you from a swim :)

This hotel is a real cool place, good atmosphere, good people running it and to top it all off- a water slide that makes the pool area look and seem like a mini water park! Very worth every penny spent, the breakfast in the morning was also really good quality and lots of options. I liked that they have signs everywhere recognizing the IHG members. When taking this survey, they have added a question asking if your membership was recognized and with this hotel, I dont know how anyone would answer no to that question when they have signs everywhere recognizing the members!

Positive: staff Negative: ""

Good stay and satisfied

Very nice and acomodating front desk staff and the room was very clean. Beds so comfortable I didn't want to get up in the morning haha!

The breakfast was also delicious I love the bacon and potatoes. Would come back again 100%

This holiday inn hotel was very nice, the breakfast was very good I enjoyed the comfortable beds and everyone there is so nice. There was not 1 person I came across that was rude, everyone always smiling and greeting all of us customers. I will come back!

What a nice hotel you all have here IHG! I love the pool so unique I wish more hotels had that cool slide haha looks like I'll just have to come back here which is fine by me! Those beds were amazing too

This is such a great hotel! I have never been in such a warm pool in the best way! Bed was soooo comfortable it was hard to wake up! I wish I had one of these mattresses at home

check-in was smooth, the staff was friendly. My kids really enjoyed the water slide. Negatives far outweighed the good. Inroom Keurig was completely unusable, with brown chunks and old water sitting where the pod should go. mini fridge wasn’t cold, causing our food to spoil. Wi-Fi and phone service barely worked, especially after 8:15 PM. Pool area was another major issue. The pool floor and stairs were incredibly slippery, even when just walking. My kids took multiple falls and got hurt. By the afternoon, the pool floor was even dirtier and more slippery.Kid pool was uncomfortably cold at least 10-15 degrees colder.There were no clean pool towels available all 3 times we went to the pool. The hot water ran out while giving kids a bath for bed after the pool and we had to wait over 30 minutes for it to come back. Noise level at night was ridiculous. 2nd night of our stay, between 11:30 PM and 7:AM doors were constantly opening and closing near our room, playing loud TV and fighting next to us. The in room phone did not work and couldn't make a report as we cant leave children unsupervised in our room in the middle of the night. making it nearly impossible to sleep. There are hotel rooms that have clear view of the water slide and noticed people staring which made me feel very uneasy. Would not stay here again.

This hotel is great very modern touches that make it especially for it being older, I remember being here 9+ years ago and the hotel was there so I know this place is at least 10 years old and you can't really tell. It's well taken care of. The breakfast was amazing too! Will come back!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I had a really good time staying at this hotel, I love the pool area! I think it is so cool they have the slides for the kids and the different colored lights in the hot tub for the adults. Would for sure recommend and will be back!

we had a good day. The pool was clean. Also guest services was polite and did good at their job. Customer service was accommodated anything we needed for our day. I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family and people that are traveling.

We had a great stay at this location. There was an issue with the lights and heating not working in the pool on the first night, but it did not impact our stay too much. Peyton at the front desk was very nice.

This is a good hotel, lots of different restaurants and shopping around the area which is nice. The front desk was very nice and welcomeing and I enjoyed your hotel a lot. Thanks for everything and all of the help

Family favorite place to stay when we come to town!

Positive: "" Negative: The breakfast bacon was undercooked

I had a good time staying at this hotel. The rooms are nice and clean, the staff is always above and beyond, and the breakfast taste good too! They served bacon during my stay and it tasted good nice and fresh. Overall had a great experience and will be back again ! Shout out to the hotel manager, you got your self a good staff of workers!

Had a great stay here, everyone is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The room we stayed in was very clean and had a clean smell in there too. I slept like a baby comfortable beds are great! The staff is so nice they make u feel welcome and like your staying at a friends house thanks guys and gals! Breakfast was good too

The breakfast was the down fall. Not the whole breakfast just the undercooked bacon. Everything else was really pleasant. The front desk girls were supper helpful. The beds were really comfy. The rooms were clean. The pool was great.

Booked a three-night stay a month in advance using points. Coming from AZ on a 14-hr. drive, upon arrival was told by receptionist that they had oversold and did not have a room available. Kept my composure and asked if the Candlewood Suites across the street, a IHG sister hotel, had availability. Candlewood did have a room. Receptionist apologized and told us we can use the facilities at the Holiday Inn. I was under the impression that it would be on a points transaction. Nope. I had to pay out of pocket. They refused to take points. Be aware this might happen to you. Next visit will definitely be staying at our usual hotel.

People in room above me were very noisy all night. Heard doors slamming in hallway all night and early morning. Never check in deposit was never returned. Bed was very soft and uncomfortable.

Peyton who worked the front desk was amazing. her customer service was the best. We had trouble with the TVs she her self went up to help and when she couldn't fix it she got maintenance to come help. Right away.

I had a great stay, the  rooms were clean, the Staff was friendly, the breakfast was amazing I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family. This was a very clean hotel and the pool area was great my kids enjoyed the slide.

A relaxing place to sleep. Plus there breakfast was delicious

Again , another Friday nite  out with the boyfriend..had too good a time
Stayed here..
But the king size bed saw the most action
🥵 Hot time was had , over and over

I really enjoyed my stay here, the pool was having issues as pools do but the hotel manager was a huge help, she was very empathetic to everyone's situations even when she was getting yelled at she remained so professional. Her and her staff are the reason why I am leaving this good review. The resolution to the pool issues from the manager was great.

Overall the hotel was good and well kept. The room they gave me had garbage still in the bins and plates on the table and towels on the chairs. I told the front desk and they got me a new room immediately.

The pool brought us here for the Staycation for Spring Break. The slide kept kids entertained however the pool was NOT heated!

Loved my stay here at this hotel. I was very satisfied with everyone I spoke to. The front desk staff greeted me with a friendly smile, got me checked in quickly and early. I got to my room and it was very clean and smelled nice too. The breakfast in the morning was great. Had a great stay and will stay again.

I really enjoyed my stay here, the atmosphere was great nice and calming and relaxing. Very clean rooms, great breakfast served in the morning. It's one of those hotels where you can tell that the upper management of the hotel cares about it and takes care of it. The pool and slide was really cool, hot tub felt so good too. Thanks Holiday inn Ill be back!

We really enjoyed our stay here, everyone was so friendly and the pool with water slide was fantastic. From the parking lot to the room everything was clean and the hotel lobby smelled nice. Bre and the front desk manager were very plesant to talk to. The maids also did a great job! The breakfast was delicious although I wish they would have had bacon, it's mine and my husbands favorite. But thats ok we still had a great time and will be coming back again

Was able to get a great nights sleep, relax and unwind in the hot tub and they have a little market center that's open all night and day. The girl who worked at night was very friendly and helpful. Everyone was very nice and professional. The breakfast was tasty I love those cinnamon rolls I would take a whole tray of em home if I could.

Loved the warm pool water and hot tub temp.  The slide is very fun for both adults and kids.  Great holiday inn you have here.

Got the 2 Queen beds, on ground floor because we had a dog, BUT what I was not told by the person booking me that it was an ADA room with a door that adjoined our room to next door.  This door created the ability to hear anything from 4:15am alarm going off to all the noises, smells, sneezes in the shower that disturbed our sleeping ability, even the dog woke up and sat and smelled at the door.  Ask ask ask everything at time of booking and they should tell you everything about your room.  If I would have been told, my choice would have been to go else where.

Overall, your hotel was excellent. Thank you for making our stay very comfortable. We were there for a funeral, everyone was very helpful. Thanks again.

Honestly we have one more night here & we couldn’t be more disappointed. We came in due to a family emergency earlier this week. The day we checked in there was hairs on the bathroom floor, and a spoon on the floor to left of the bed that is still there and tonight it night 4 of 5.
The toilet on day 1 & 2 it wouldn’t flush always and kept running off and on. We called for maintenance to come look at it and as far as we know they never came.
The cleanliness of this hotel is far below sub par. Not just in our room where the garbages don’t always get emptied or the toilet, & floors, not cleaned. There is mold on the ceiling above the shower, soap scum in the corners of the shower, and spots of dirt, food and god knows what else all over random spots on the wall paper.
Also by the pool the floor is not in the best shape and parts are cracking. There is rust in places all over and it’s gross.
When we asked the front staff today at about 3pm if they could have someone clean our room while we were at the pool because the baby needed a nap and it still hadn’t been done. The guy behind the counter although nice, said well todays been the busiest day ever so far this year & IF we can get it done we will but that’s if. Which is completely unacceptable.
The elevator stopped working on day 2, however it was fixed and must’ve been a quick fix. The women’s bathroom on the main floor has been out of order the entire time & wet towels sitting on the changing table in the men’s for days. My husband said today when he went to use it they were finally cleaned up.
This hotel stay has been so bad. We stuck it out due to being in and out but we don’t plan on coming back.
So far the only plus about this place is the fact we received a discount for my husband being a firefighter. I will say all staff we’ve encountered has been very pleasant, but that’s not enough to make us come back.

I had such an amazing experience at this location! Everyone was so friendly from start to finish especially the front office manager PJ! She knows her stuff and makes you feel at home the second you walk through those doors. If you ever need a comfortable, affordable room to stay at, ask for PJ and you’ll have the best experience just like I did.

The staff was really good

Everything was simple and easy. Received an receipt in my email without having to call for one.

We stayed on Christmas Eve and really enjoyed our stay. Special thanks to Peyton at the front desk for her friendly demeanor and for providing us with a nice king bed room on the first floor as requested. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and we appreciated the breakfast. We will definately stay here again when we are visiting Longmont.

Great experience with excellent customer service from Coner, Was able to celebrate my honeymoon at this fantastic palce

enjoyed my time in longmont! food around was great- go to the tiki bar if you have the chance :) - Connor was very helpful throughout the entirety of my stay.

Awesome hotel conor helped with a fast check in great service .
Breakfast was great

Place is amazing but the thing that truly makes this hotel a cut above the rest is the night shift employee Brett! He is always super fun, willing to help and answer questions. He makes my stay enjoyable every time I visit! Only employee that's left a huge impact on me!

Had a great stay, Conor was very helpful with all my many requests.

excellent service and room condition, Conner was very helpful with customer service :D

conor was great and explained stuff clearly

Stayed here about a week ago. Decent hotel but the staff was great. Thanks Brett for being so helpful.

big fan of the pool
the Coner gentleman at the front desk was very nice and helpfuls
sent from my iPhone 6s

Hotel was very clean and the front desk, Conor,  was really helpful. He gave us extra towels for the Pool.

Had a short stay here during a weekend trip, and was blown away by the polite and professional service from Caroline at the front desk. Would definitely recommend a stay here to my loved ones, and I am very thankful for all that Ms. Caroline did to make us feel at home during our visit!!

Love, love, love this hotel!!! They have the best staff, free amazing breakfast, the beds were soft and comfortable, the pool was working in perfect condition and was very warm which we loved! Peyton over at the front desk was very helpful! We needed some suggestions for dinner and she knew this town very well and recommended us The Pumphouse on main street! Overall 10/10 experience

Caroline was the best very helpful with everything I needed. Made the stay more enjoyable.

We stayed here for a short getaway recently and all I can say is what a great experience!
Caroline at the front desk was exemplary.  Her customer service was top notch and made us feel like VIPs throughout our stay.
The hotel itself was lovely and we will definitely recommend this Holiday Inn Express to anyone looking for stellar service and comfortable accommodation.

Recently stayed here for a weekend with my husband. The front desk attendant, Caroline, was super nice and had many helpful suggestions of this to do in the area. Will definitely stay again!

I hardly can ever say this 100% anymore but wow! From start to finish. Most of all the fabulous experience I had with Miss Caroline. Such a professional that one! She must be a veteran in the industry because not only interacting with her personally, but witnessing her with other guests was amazing! What a gem you have there.

Recently stayed for a couple nights and it was quite pleasant. Brett at the front desk was especially helpful and courteous!

Great service awsome pool recomended

Our stay was wonderful, great breakfast, the pool was warm and the hot tub had some cool lights! Peyton up front was wonderful making check in super easy! Overall great hotel would recommend!!

One of the best hotels I've stayed at. Nikki was great with my check in very helpful and friendly. Rooms were clean and smelled good. Pool is awesome!

Great stay. Pool is great. Kids pool, nice slide and a hot tub.

PJ helped us out a ton! needed a little mini vacay in town and she made the experience smooth and painless, plus, the amenities rock. Lovely staff & hotel.

The hotel was clean and felt updated. The pool and hot tub were clean and functioning. The pool was warm and the hot tub was hot. The giant water slide was awesome! Highly recommend this property, and will definitely be visiting again - soon!

We have stayed at this hotel twice and have had a great experience both times.  My husband liked the workout room. 
 The hotel was clean, the breakfast options were wonderful and the environment was relaxing.  The staff was friendly, professional and helpful.

The room was clean. The bathroom looked like someone did a quick once-over and tidied up a little but it was not cleaned very well.

The pool.. the ceiling was leaking, everything was very outdated. We were disappointed because the pool with slides is why we chose the holiday inn..

The front desk gal at check in was nice.

What I always like is the consistency of the food, beds and amenities. This was the case again. There was a hiccup with my reservation with two queens, which was requested, and a single king. I needed two beds. The were able to get me into a king suite with a pull out, which worked, for cheaper!  My disappointments were with some cleaning issues. Under the pull out was very dirty and the bathrooms are starting to have mold in them. I know they are taking care of many items sure to seeing the onsite staff maintenance crew. I definitely recommend this hotel to others and I will have additional stays there.

This one missed the mark.

We have stayed at numerous holiday inns in our life, and this one was our usual go to. Unfortunately, this visit was less than ideal.

We went to go visit the pool, and not only is everything outdated, covered in rust and falling apart, the pool was so cold that there was a layer of ice over the top of it. We have been here numerous times and we know this pool is heated, However when we asked the front staff they shrugged it off and told us they didn’t know.

Our room- on the third floor, had a running toilet which was constantly making noise, both the faucet and drain were dripping, and there was hair in the shower walls. Our outlets to charge our devices didn’t work, we had to charge our electronics on the first floor.

The breakfast was missing many high quality items, no eggs, no cinnamon rolls, no yogurt, one cereal and a few breads and muffins. For us, we look forward to this breakfast as it’s usually the highlight of our stay.

We hope that this holiday inn gets some much needed upgrades and changes so that we can come back, until then we will be giving our business to the other higher quality hotels nearby.

This hotel is an excellent quality with an excellent rate. I highly recommend it.

Was overwhelmed with how amazing the front desk people are

Very nice hotel.  Everything was clean,  room was well organized with space for your stuff.  Bed was comfortable.

Staff is nice, breakfast is abundant and healthy.location is convenient, short trip to Rocky Mountain NP.

Long time IHG diamond member here and emergency water tower repair foreman. My company spends about $1500 a week on hotel rooms. I can gladly say we will be switching back to Choice hotels after getting robbed $400 this evening by this location in an attempt to transfer my stay to La Junta holiday inn.

Normally, hotel stays seems to be lacking in some area. Our experience at this hotel really excelled in every area we used. The staff was welcoming and friendly. The check-in process was quick, easy and smooth. The hotel and our room were clean, the beds were comfortable and we were able to set a comfortable temperature for the room with no issues. We couldn't hear any ambient noises outside the room or above us.The bathroom was clean and stocked with basic items most people would need. 
The breakfast had multiple hot options and cold choices and were good.
We weren't able to take advantage of the pool, but it had a mini water park which would be super fun for the kids.
Highly recommend based on our experience!

Used to be a favorite place for family to come relax and enjoy the pool with slide. It's been 5-7 years since last visit and the place has not changed, meaning nothing has been updated. Has gotten dirty and uncared for. May be looking for new place to go to. Our room had obvious water damage in the ceiling and had very poor repair job, water stain still visible so probably mold in ceiling. Hall carpet is same, old and dirty. Pool area needed lots of work, to include slide.

My husband and I were traveling to Jackson Hole Wy. From AR.  To say it was a long drive doesn’t begin to describe it.  We were both so tired and walking into our room was so refreshing.  It was perfect, clean, smelled clean, the bathroom was cleaner than anywhere we have ever stayed.  Will definitely be staying at a Holiday Inn Express more often.

Friendly, helpful staff.

Outstanding visit, the staff was kind, professional, and knowledgeable. I appreciate them. Not only was I greeted, but informed about local places and the hotel amenities that were available to me during my stay.

Loved the toddler friendly pool! 
Thank you for cleaning up our room every day :)

Nice location,  very clean and comfortable.  Staff was very friendly.

Had a great visit to Colorado.  This hotel was very convenient to many big-name stores and food establishments. Short drive to many attractions.  The staff was extremely helpful and very friendly.

The location is very convenient to Longont, Niwot or Boulder.  There are many large stores nearby if you need to buy some warmer clothes or visit a pharmacy.  The cinnamon buns are extraordinary and make breakfast special.

I had a overall very mellow and relaxing stay, the room was nice, the food was delicious, and the sleep was also great as well.

The bed is very comfortable, the room is cozy and relaxing. Water is quite hot and lots of amenities.

Great return visit, friendly. helpful staff, hotel clean quiet area.  Looking forward to my next visit.

So this location was ideal for where my boyfriend was working in Longmont, there are places to eat within walking distance, there are stores to shop at everywhere around this hotel, (if you live to shop like I do!) The front desk people were very helpful, as well as courteous, the overnight guy even went out of his way to call their sister hotel across the street so we could do laundry over there because their washers were down. Which I was grateful for. The rooms were big, and the beds were too! Loved that! Plus there was individual night stands and alarm clocks on both sides, and a way weird but cool lamp n switch built into the wall. Oh... AND... and there was an indoor pool area with a built in water slide! Pretty awesome! All n all I guess this hotel a 5 star rating because it was a great stay! Would I stay here again when in Longmont?! Absolutely!!

Loved the location; staff was helpful and nice.  The lack of environmental practices and products gave me anxiety.

All employees were very nice very friendly the redhead kid was the bomb at the front desk does a fantastic job service all in all 10 out of 10 Caroline and Connor were the best

We enjoyed our stay with the Longmont Holiday Inn Express - the staff was friendly and helpful, the service was great!  The breakfast was wonderful - good variety, good presentation, and well stocked.  Our room was clean and bed was comfortable.  The bathroom was clean.  We both agreed that if we come to this area again - we would definitely use this hotel again due to the great experience here

We stayed here only 1 night, but we were satisfied except we had lots of trouble with the remote.  After 3 different ones, we finally got one that worked.  Not enough staff here, (almost any of them these days!)  Wait for someone to answer the phone way too long.  Nice clean stay and value though!

The HVAC unit was a little louder and harder to control than most I’ve had in past. During the mid morning hours our floor began to vibrate (3rd floor). I wasn’t worried but my fiancé was scared. Must have been an unbalanced dryer or something. Furniture in room seemed dated and a little worn (coffee table with bent legs).

The hotel was busy but we didn’t hear anyone the whole time which was lovely.

When I needed to extend my stay you were very accommodating. When I needed anything for my room it was provided quickly and cheerfully. Breakfast was varied and plentiful. Staff was competent and friendly. What more could I ask?

We came as a family of 6 and had a great stay. We stayed in the two bedroom suite which more than accommodated our family. The staff was very kind and attentive and PJ was a definite standout employee and went above and beyond to ensure we were taken care of. Would definitely stay here again and recommend as well.

The hotel is next to a train track with whistles at 3, 4, and 5 am. The regional manager was the single worst customer service experience I’ve ever had. Nothing for platinum status. Was in an ADA room with a tub on the second floor.

My family and I stay at this hotel a bit for travel sports. The pool area used to be super strong in the chlorine but now, it’s not! Breakfast is always decent and the staff is great.

The rooms were clean and the staff were very welcoming and helpful when asking questions.

This is the best hotel experience I’ve had in a long time.||It started with being in a good location, super clean throughout, and a great price. Dum dums at check in.  ;)||But it’s the little things too; complementary toiletries if you forgot something, an organized fitness room with spare earphones if needed, to a hot tub that was a perfect temperature.||If in the Boulder, Longmont area, you will not be disappointed.

This place was great for the money. We had two dogs and everyone slept well. The only thing that was a problem was the lights outside in the yard that were shinning up at the window that would shine in on the sides of the drop down shade. There were no blackout drapes that would have prevented that from happening. Other than that. It's a very family friendly place. I had requested a bottom floor because of my elderly dog.

Was having eye surgery and needed a place to stay overnight.  This place was great. Right across the street from the surgery center and the price was comparable with others in the area. My only regret was that I couldn't use the pool because of surgery. It looked nice.

Breakfast was very good, with a nice variety.  Nice water pressure for the shower.

The pool and slide make this Holiday Inn Express stand out from the rest!! My kids loved it. Water was warm. Room was clean and comfortable

The pool and side are great for kids. However, the room was dirty (crumbs and potato chips on the floor) and the hot tub had a rim of oil and a film of foamy bubbles indicating that it had not been cleaned regularly.

Always welcoming here. We travel here for medical appointments from out of state and this is our go to hotel.

I love this hotel. The breakfast bar offers a gereat selection of fresh foods and great coffee. The pool and hot tub are a plus, with water slides for the kids. The hotel staff are friendly, efficient, and always happy to help.

I worked with PJ over the phone to remedy a card issue and she was fantastic. The gal that checked us in I believe was named Penny and she was super helpful and got us checked in quickly and efficiently.

Stay here whenever we come to town always clean and friendly,  my god kids love the pool with the water slides

Everything was great from the minute I arrived until the minute I left. PJ was incredibly welcoming and helpful throughout my stay. The rooms was very comfy 10/10 experience.

Clean hotel with plenty of amenities. My kids loved the water slide and we used it daily. Breakfast was nice and warm. Staff were always available to answer questions.

Great service was great every thing was smooth prices are high to other hotels. Staff great breakfast service was excellent pool was great for the kids and grown ups! Late check out a plus!!!!!  They didn’t call back when I asked if we left anything

The staff were extremely helpful and the room was great. The only negative was the A/C - it was almost too good and tended to keep the room too cool.

Maravilloso

Best place to stay in Longmont! Staff is very friendly, rooms are clean, breakfast is wonderful and the pool is to die for when you come to Longmont definitely try to stay here!

Breakfast was great I enjoyed the new potatoes that aren't found at every express I go to. The staff was kind, always had a smile on. I'll be back soon.

Clean rooms, friendly staff, great location to restaurants and shops, and well maintained grounds.

I wonder why my incidental hold is still on hold and not yet returned to my account?? The last time that I was at the location in Omaha Downtown I had to call them to release the hold for the money to go back to my account.

It’s been a week already and I still haven't had the money in my account it still says pending but the payment for the room was processed and finished the following morning by the time of checkout. This is not good practice. You guys have to resolve this issue. My bank takes a day to process pending payments, holds or checks. You have gotten your money for the room, why do I have to wait a week or more for my incidental hold to be returned or refunded?

I am not happy with this development!

I would definitely recommend the Holiday Inn express to anyone staying in the area. It is very comfortable and quiet rooms. Great shower very well lit bathroom. The air conditioning was perfect. It made the room a temperature that it was very easy to sleep in!

Our minor gripe about our stay was the one morning they served scrambled eggs, they were inedible. I saw so many people tossing them out after one bite.
However, everything thing else was a great experience.

Excelente servicio, muy buena atención, recomendado espero volver pronto

My family and I stayed there for a weekend to get some rest and enjoy the pool. I personally loved the Jacuzzi and the kids pool. My two kiddos had a fun time. Everyone was very nice and respectful. Our room very clean and they have some extras as personal hygiene, I did not have to buy that on my own.  Also we enjoyed the fresh breakfast bar, and the pancake matching is amazing. Everyone was so amazed about this. I wish I had one home :) thank you! To staff for you Kindness and hard work. We definitely come back.

Fantastic hotel, i would stay again. Staff was kind, knowledgeable, and very helpful. Only issue i had was with breakfast options, not gluten friendly selections.

Comfy rooms, great staff, clean hotel and good location. Kudos to housekeeper Rosa, she is very accommodating.

Excelente hotel, las habitaciones muy cómodas y el personal de limpieza muy amable. La piscina muy limpia y el agua en su punto.

This location is within walking distance to many good restaurants that I visited while staying here. China Gourmet (next door), Einstein Bagels, Red Robin's, Buffalo Wild Wings, Sushi Leo, Q'Doba and lots more. Khol's is right across the street if you forget your bathing suit like I did. Breakfast was great in the mornings, and I really enjoyed the hot tub. Would 100% stay here again.

We booked this facility for a wedding held in Boulder. It was a good choice for the amenties, and easy access to restaurants and services nearby.

Nice clean room and good breakfast.  Safe neighborhood, no issues.

Our stay at Holiday Inn was nothing short of exceptional! From the moment we arrived, the staff made us feel welcome with their warm hospitality. The rooms were spotless, comfortable, and well-equipped, offering the perfect blend of relaxation and convenience. We loved the cozy beds and the quiet atmosphere, which made for a peaceful night's sleep. The hotel's location was ideal, close to local attractions, and the breakfast was delicious with a great variety. We couldn’t have asked for a better experience—definitely looking forward to our next stay!

My husband was in ICU in the hospital in Longmont. Hotel website said it was “pet friendly” however when I arrived to check in, I was presented a form to sign stating the pets could not be left in the room alone. The lady checking me in was kind and said she would speak with the manager. After talking to the manager I was informed that if the pets were left alone in the room, I would be fined. So much for “pet friendly”!

Hotel is decent and clean.|Do Not leave any valuables in your room if you step out.|Maintenance staff are thieves and steal if they work in your room when you are out.  I learned the hard way.  Lost my cell phone power pack.  They need to screen their employees better!

I found the Holiday Express in Longmont CO. To have some short comings. The Shower valve never worked properly.  |The telephone in the handicap room was inoperable during our stay. Making it difficult to receive any wake-up calls. |If you stay there in the summertime, be sure to bring a can of wasp spray, the grounds outside of the hotel is swarming with wasp. Make hard to even get in & out of your car. |The breakfast was well represented, and the front desk staff was very courteous.

Very friendly staff. Everything was so clean and the beds were the most comfortable.

ABSOLUTELY Loved the Bed and Pillows! Super comfy. I would like to purchase those pillows.

Fun place! The slide was a blast! Payton at the front desk was a sweetheart. She had just came on shift when we arrived. There was a mishap and she remedied it quickly and kindly. Great location, and nice rooms.

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Holiday Inn Express, and I can confidently say it exceeded my expectations. From the moment I arrived, the staff was incredibly welcoming and efficient, making check-in a breeze. The lobby was bright and clean, setting a positive tone for my stay.

My room was exactly what I needed—spacious, well-appointed, and spotless. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and I appreciated the selection of pillows, which made for a great night’s sleep. The room also featured modern amenities like a flat-screen TV, a well-functioning HVAC system, and plenty of USB ports for charging devices.

One of the highlights was the complimentary breakfast. The variety of options was impressive, with everything from fresh fruit and yogurt to hot items like scrambled eggs and bacon. It was a great way to start my day and certainly a step above the typical continental breakfast.

Additionally, the hotel’s location was very convenient. It was close to local attractions and dining options, making it easy to explore the area without having to drive far.

Overall, my stay at the Holiday Inn Express was thoroughly enjoyable. The combination of excellent service, comfortable accommodations, and thoughtful amenities made it a standout choice. I would definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone looking for a reliable and pleasant hotel experience.

Worst Hotel eggs I've have ever had. They apparently didn't mix the powdered eggs corre tly or they were eggs at all. The had the texture of a sponge and almost choked trying to swallow the 1 bite I had. Went down like clay.  Satilite tv couldn't change channels. The window in the room overlooked the indoor pool wall. The bed was comfortable so thank goodness for that. Checked out day early just to find another hotel with a better breakfast.

My wife and I LOVED the bed, however the room needed some basic maintenance attention, the hair dryer worked at the low setting only, the bathtub drained slowly so even a shower would fill it up, and the lighting was horrible, took dark for getting ready for a wedding, but great for relaxing.

The hotel is located in a nice/quiet part of town.  The hotel is well maintained and is welcoming with a nice open reception area.  The room was very clean, bright, airy and had blackout blinds.  The staff were very professional, kind and helpful.  Especially the front office manager, Shannon.  The general manager (Maria) greeted on several occasions.  It's nice to come "home" at nice to a nice comfortable place.  Thumbs up.

Great hotel! Pool has a fun slide!

1. the fridge was leaking water
2. the fixtures in the bathroom need updating
3. the door stoppers were all broken yet hanging on
4. no tv guide
5.  no sliced cheese option for breakfast sandwiches
6. never any towels at pool

Great location with easy access to Boulder, Longmont, Berthoud, and even to downtown Denver. Off the main highway by just enough you don’t get any road noise. Easy walking to several really good restaurants. Good places to walk your dogs. Generally an overall good experience.

As with every hotel, there could be improvements. But in conversations with the manager much isn’t up to her or the hotel, because it’s IHG corporate policy. 

I miss the hot cookies that were standard pre-COVID. And the change to a pancake machine instead of the waffles was not the best idea. Good ideas from a disease transmission prevention perspective, but unrealistic in the real world and lowered customer satisfaction with the company.

Clean rooms, clean halls, great staff
Side eye to breakfast "freshness"...maybe too big of a batch prepared at one time?

Very nice hotel for a family vacation to the parks in the Denver area. Easy to get to Boulder and Estes Park without the high prices. The pool area was very nice, but showed its age & could use a little maintenance. We enjoyed the hot tub even with kids in the pool and on the water slide. Breakfast was good with a nice big dining area. Friendly staff throughout our stay!

Excelente lugar para hospedarse. La atención desde que llegas hasta que te vas es un 10 de 10. El servicio a las habitaciones otro 10 de 10 un lugar muy cálido y acogedor.

It was a nice hotel that had everything you needed. The pool was awesome amazing slide! I wish the hot tub was working and if they had some comfortable lounge chairs to sit on even if it was outside the pool area for some sun time !

The smell of cleaning products was overwhelming, but it was clearly clean. Also, the neighbors above and nextdoor were quite noisy, although they quieted down eventually. We didn't stay for breakfast because we had to leave for a 7:15am event in a nearby town.

Staff delivered great service. Very clean and spacious common areas and room. Blackout shades and very comfortable bed helped us sleep. Having jet lag from travelling from Australia meant we were sleeping at odd hours. Ironing equipment was great and helped us prepare for our event.

It took forever to check in & parking was horrible. The room was ok and it was in a good location.

Don’t stay here. It smells and is full of animals and kids there to swim. It’s worn down and needs renovation. The worst IHG ever!!!!

Unos de los lugares más bellos que eh visitado. Recomendado!

Shannon, who was working the front desk and checked us in, was very friendly and polite. I did not get names, but the other two people working the desk at night were also amazing. I had problems setting up my computer for the internet and the gentleman who was working set it up for me. This hotel is pet friendly and we traveled with our cat majesty and we were welcomed. our room was very clean. The breakfast was amazing. We had a very nice stay and will book again, when in the area.

The bed was comfortable. The room was spacious. Coffee at the breakfast buffet was actually good.

The beds were very comfortable and breakfast was good. The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable. Shannon went above and beyond. Shout out to Shannon for being so sweet and accommodating!

We were a party of 3 generations out enjoying the weekend.  They had a room that fit the bill perfectly.  Staff were friendly and helpful. Everyone enjoyed the pool and hot tub.  I have stayed at this facility many times and always try to get a room there when I am in the area.  Our room wasn't overly beautiful but the beds comfortable!  Recommend it.

Really enjoyed our stay here.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  There were lots of options for breakfast and the staff running breakfast were very friendly and helpful.  The slide at the pool is even better than the pictures suggest!  Highly recommend!

The Assistant General Manager, Shannon was very helpful while I was getting checked in. My adhd gets bad and I lose my keywords. Her patience is amazing.

Stay has been awesome and they have a business computer that helped me print documents.

Shannon was great at explaining all the services and how to access them. I am forgetful of leaving my cards in my room and all the staff was very accommodating of my ADHD. In general this was a great experience.

Also love how they asking how I was doing. Taking a break from my daily life, it was refreshing to deal with kind people.

I am disappointed in this location as I have stayed at other holiday inn Express & suites without issue. The hotel overall was clean but I had many issues with the room itself. We found a large dog toy behind the chair in the room, which isn't a big deal for me as I have dogs and honestly felt bad that a pup left without their toy but it indicates that housekeeping is not moving the chairs to clean under or behind it. We also had a broken USB port (was pushed into the socket and crooked) next to the bed. The bathroom shower knob seemed partially broken but functional, it would "click and skip" and not actually turn the water on or adjust the temperature unless it was continuously turned and would finally "catch". The outlets in the bathroom were also sunk in further than the cover so anything like a hair dryer was only half plugged in and would fall out/turn off due to connectivity issues. Furthermore, and I am not sure if this is a Colorado normality or not as it was my first time in this area, we found not 1, not 2, but 3 large spiders in the room during my 4 night stay which staff was unable to identify and did nothing to rectify but say they need to have the sprayers come out again. My friend had to take care of the situation as I have severe arachnophobia and was about to change hotels completely. From what I can gather at least one of them was a widow of some sort and was found on a towel!! The breakfast was fine although the scrambled eggs tasted like powder eggs. Outside the side exit by the bushes they also had many wasps which I am also allergic to and staff would be out by the door smoking and you had to walk pass them and their cigarettes to exit the door and get to your vehicle if you parked on the side. There are many other hotels around this location (literally across the street etc) that I would recommend checking out instead.

Its odd what will have me write a review.  But the front desk staff was so outstanding, helpful, courteous, respectful and kind that it has motivated me to write this review.  The hotel itself  is comfortable, clean, serves a good breakfast, good location.

The price varied from day to day which is challenging but
I was in a crisis situation and plans were changing daily.

Everyone I spoke with was accommodating, respectful and caring.  Thank you for such care and helpfulness.    A special thanks to Payton, Shannon, and Nikki,

My family and I had a great stay at Holiday Inn Longmont, CO. Room, food, and the swimming pool was excellent. Price is reasonable too. I would definitely stay again when we go back to CO. I highly recommend this hotel if ever you're in CO.

Truly enjoyed our stay. Close to Boulder and the lovely town of Longmont. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Restaurants and shops very convenient.

Just ok. Location was good but not welcomed as frequent guest and breakfast below expectations.

Water slide was amazing! Breakfast was good and location was great.

We had a great trip. The rooms were nice, the beds were incredibly comfortable, and the staff was very nice. The pool was a ton of fun. There is a really nice big slide and a small slide for young children.

Attentive employees☀️ clean room 🫧 and awesome pool 👙 thanks 😊

Wonderful service and hospitality, with great amenities! Ideal location with plenty of activities/restaurants close by

My family stayed here during our vacation to Colorado. One of my best experiences at a hotel and we have stayed at quite a few.

We stayed here while family was visiting from out of town. The pool was amazing for my kids! The room was clean, breakfast delicious, parking was convenient, staff was friendly. Good pricing and snack area. Will stay again.

The woman at the front desk was extremely helpful and kind, she was a highlight of our stay.  Otherwise, the common areas of the hotel were very dirty, the floors are filthy, and our room was tired and dirty with sticky residue on surfaces.  Nothing has been well-cleaned there in a long time. Also, the window in our room did not face outside, it looked down over the pool. The pool closes at 10pm and it was loud and the room was extremely dark because of the lack of natural light.

I highly recommend this option for a stay in Longmont and/or Boulder. Most comfortable bed I’ve ever had in a hotel. Staff is very friendly, rates are great, and location is wonderful!

This property could be  winner with just a bit more concern for staff knowledge and training.

We had a great stay. The beds were wonderful and comfortable. Food was good.

It wasn't bad but the cost to stay there is a little $

Comfortable beds/rooms, friendly staff, pet friendly. Food staff is friendly but don't know how to rotate a menu beyond scrambled eggs and biscuits and gravy.

Great hotel, wonderful rooms, very quiet.
Had a great time thinking of bringing grandchildren to play in the pool sometime, it really looks great. Wonderful location for us with family close by.

I found the hotel and the room very clean and well kept.  Breakfast was reasonable and well supplied.  Any small problem was quickly resolved.  Front desk staff were helpful, friendly and professional.

The entire hotel was very clean, including our guest room. The staff was very attentive and responsive. The breakfast was very good and well-stocked. The location was very convenient.

This hotel is accessible to restaurants, stores, grocery stores, etc.  The room was clean and nice sized.  I had a nice view also.  Next time I will ask for a room closer to the elevator.  :) The only thing I didn't like was the shower curtain.  It was too short and water went all over the floor.  My fridge wasn't cold enough.  I did ask to have it looked at, and I believe they did.  If you are looking for a nice hotel in this area, I can recommend it.

The facility and my room was clean, the breakfast options are decent, the coffee is suprisingly good and the staff was incredible! It's nicely located to stores and restaurants. Although I didn't use it, the pool even has a water slide which was great for families.

The clerk that checked me in was super nice, professional and helpful. The pet fee and location were the main reasons I booked this  hotel and I will continue to come back because the whole stay was great. Comfy clean rooms, nice grounds and situated close to all the stuff I needed - restaurants, grocery, etc.

Wish the pool stayed open later, other than that, always pleasant!! Thank you Holiday Inn!!

We were in town for a wedding. This was a great place that was picked by the bride and groom.  Good atmosphere that everyone was able to chill by the pool.comfortable rooms to relax at night and good breakfast to start the day.

Our family recently took a trip to Colorado and stayed at the Holiday Inn express in Longmont. It was wonderful. They had clean and comfortable rooms, a delightful swimming area with waterslide, and the breakfast was everything we needed to get a jump on our day.

Average hotel, quiet location, easy access. Plenty of parking. Professional staff.

Excellent value. Good location. Comfortable bed and pillow, well-maintained, breakfast, friendly staff.  Little things like night lights in the bathroom electrical outlets. Quiet air conditioning fairly limited fitness center, but will maintain.

Nice facility close to many dining options, shopping mall and theaters. Room was large, clean and breakfast was good. Close to Boulder, about 12 minutes drive but less expensive than downtown hotels.

Good location, big cleanroom with comfortable bed . Enjoy my stays here and it my yearly stay hotel when I visit Boulder area here for work. Staffs are are nice, patient and helpful to my needs. Recommend to stay at this hotel.

This hotel fit the bill. We were in town for a wedding during the Forth of July and pricing was reasonable, especially with breakfast included (+ coffee/tea all day long). The rooms are clean, just wish bathroom fans worked. Next time I will book directly, not through a 3rd party. Staff is friendly and so are other travelers.

We stayed at this location only due to it's proximity to where we were going the following day. This location is quite far from most everything.

The room was average. The bathroom needed renovation. Room was overall quiet, but not comfortable.

Was not offered anything as a rewards member. Did not feel welcomed.

Very  good hotel large rooms. Thanks

Location and service are both good, the room is kind of small and bed sheets feels a bit damp.

Room was clean and nice. Mattress felt worn out or was way too soft for our liking. King bed is nice for the room, but bed comfort didn't match my experience at other Express locations, which is the reason I try to stay exclusively at Express hotels since I had not had an uncomfortable bed until this location.

Pool and hot tub are great and the slide on the pool was the star of the show for our kids (went down it probably 100 times each day we stayed here).

Breakfast is good. It is simple, but consistent with other Express hotels and tasted good.

Hotel was quiet, so that was a huge plus, which helped make the bed comfort less of an issue.

Everyone was so kind. My daughter slept on the pull out couch and the mattress was not comfortable, they replaced it for us. We spilled something on our comforter and there were no more comforters so the manager went out and personally purchased one for us. The pool was fun and helpful for our little ones.

Last minute booking to stay in the area for a family event.  The room was clean and comfortable.  Staff was friendly and breakfast was decent.  Perfect for our family.  The pool was as described on the website.  Overall good stay and wouldn’t hesitate to stay here again.

Great experience and comfortable facilities. I enjoyed the convenience of the laundry. The breakfast was well put together and a plus when on a road trip. After this stay we decided to book with Holiday Inn only.

Honestly, we really enjoyed most of our time at this hotel.  The staff, the room, and the overall environment were great.  The only downside with the facilities was the pool. Despite having an awesome water slide, the pool was really shallow and was heated so that, after a long day out in the heat of the summer, it felt like climbing into a warm soup... ick.  Aside from that, I only hope that they can find something more environmentally friendly for breakfast than styrofoam plates and plasticware.

Amazing hotel - really friendly and helpful staff who made check-in smooth.||Hotel is in a great location and had lots of food options and supermarkets near. Would recommend Chicken Post.||Breakfast was good and the gym had everything you need.||Clean rooms and nice amenities provided, a very quiet area too.||The pool was amazing - it had a water slide that was very good and great fun for kids

Clean hotel, pool temp was too warm and breakfast quality was poor.

I wanted to extend my heartfelt thanks to Payton at the front desk for her outstanding professionalism and patience during our recent stay. Despite the challenges of having to move rooms twice due to unforeseen issues, Payton handled each situation with grace and efficiency. She ensured that we were comfortable and went above and beyond by assisting us in extending our stay for an additional two days. Her exceptional service truly made a difference in our experience. Thank you, Payton, for your dedication and kindness!

Rooms were descent but mattresses were lumpy on either side.
I specifically booked this hotel bc of the water slide but the first day the smell of chlorine was overwhelming. That should have told of of things to follow. Next day it was worse and I saw a few people with an intense cough at the pool. I didn’t think anything of it and the family started to enjoy themselves only for their eyes to start burning shortly thereafter and we developed an intense cough as well. After googling it I realized there were hazardous levels of Chloramine in the water. This was very obvious after a simple search.
I escalated a few other concerns to hotel staff. Sink in room wasn’t draining and was full of hair. Shower head was broken as well and took almost a whole day to fix.
The manager at desk was not interested in hearing about any concerns as her employees err more attentive and the manager sitting there didn’t even bother asking me about bar of the issues. Lastly there was a charge on my card as I left and I called to inquire about it. I was promised a callback from the staff saying the manager would be calling me but that never happened either.

The pool area was absolutely amazing. It was the perfect temp, kept clean and the same goes for the jacuzzi. It was breathtaking to see the mountains so close by.

After traveling 4 1/2 hours from out of state I received an email 1 hour prior to check in stating that the hotel canceled my reservation. According to the receptionist this was policy because I did not have a card in file (although the person I booked with assured me that they did not need a card on file until the time of the reservation)  luckily i saw the email almost immediatly and they had yet to give my room away, however I find it very disturbing that they did not follow up with a phone call or anything to notify me. Had I missed the email for any reason  (such as driving) I may not have had a place to stay for the night other than my car. Everything else about the hotel was fine. I am leaving this review because I worry for other travelers who may not be as lucky as myself, especially families. Holiday Inn express, do better.

They did a great job as a handicap room. Would have liked a ground floor  though. Breakfast was good and great coffee. Glad you allow dogs, as we will bring her next time. Location has many options for food

Trash on ledge outside of window in foom. Holy sheets for pull out bed. Pillows flat and uncomfortable.  Pool way too over chlorinated,  family had respiratory issues all night after being in the pool.

My family and I had booked this hotel for the end of our trip to Colorado. We live in Michigan. This one stuck out because it was around all of the places we wanted to visit on our trip and because it had, what seemed like a very nice pool for our kids to play. When we arrived, I walked in the room and was very disappointed.  I thought for sure there was some sort of a view,  we had a view of the water slide. The window ledge had a bunch of trash on. The room did not have any bath towels or wash cloths. We also had to ask for more pillows for our kids. The blankets and sheets they gave us for the pull out bed had holes. After exploring for the day, kids wanted to go to the pool. We all played for about an hour. My husband and I got out and both of us had itchy watery eyes and were sneezing. Called the kids out and we got back to the room and they started to not feel well. Coughing sneezing. Both ended up throwing up that night because of the pool. There was no other explanation other than the pool chlorine. They felt fine all week. We will not be going back to any holiday inn. Room was not welcoming at all.. very disappointed

The room is clean with enough facilities in the room. 
It would be great if there are bottled waters provided in the room. 
The breakfast spread could be improved on with better spread.

This is my third extended stay. The first was a couple years after covid and I had long-haulers and needed a live-in spa.and the Swimming Pool, Jacuzzi, and weight Room provide a Spa. The staff is so wonderful. Manager Maria and assistant manager Shannon are just amazing. It's lovely to see them still here after all the years I've stayed here along with Conor working the front desk. The breakfast is always amazing and convenient. Maria in the breakfast bar makes the yummiest breakfast and is so kind to me. The head housekeepers are amazing and Urmila is one of my favorite house keepers. I can't wait for her to come back. All the house keepers are thorough and wonderful. The maintenance guy they have, Duvan, is very sweet and thorough. Everyone is so nice and willing to go above and beyond for me and I am so thankful. Thank you Longmont Holiday Inn express in Longmont Colorado

Someone broke into my room and we had only been at the hotel for a couple of hours. It was not staff because I went and talked to the front desk. The floors never were vacuumed once in our week stay. and in my opinion, they didn’t clean good enough. There were so many homeless people walking around the hotel and breaking in so they could get free breakfast. The only thing good about this hotel was the pool and slide.

We have stayed twice for a few days at a time on business and thoroughly enjoy this clean, quiet stay. The desk ladies are so friendly...we love the full breakfast before we head out for work and is conveniently located to everything we need and laundry room is extremely helpful. Reasonably priced and always get a good night's rest.

This hotel was close to all the places we wanted to visit and only a 45 minute drive to DIA. We got to visit Estes Park and didn’t have to stop to buy breakfast because it was included, which saved us on time. We were able to leave ready to have fun.

Very happy with our stay. Staff was friendly. Place very clean. Definitely needed help keeping the breakfast full from 6:30-9:30 not much left if you came down after 8am.

the beds we’re comfortable. I booked the wrong room and shannon gave me a complimentary upgrade to a suite. She was very sweet and made the whole process super easy. thank you shannon!

We as a family of 6 stayed in Longmont Colorado had a great time.  Pool was not crowded 1-3 families at time and still had our own space. Stayed in the suite and had plenty of room to move around. Very friendly front desk. She was very helpful. Smoke detector kept going off. Went up to front desk had it fixed in no time. Nice place to bring your families

Very friendly staff and clean hotel. Housekeeping was very service oriented and kept the rooms clean. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful when needed.

Love staying here, located close to everything, great guest services, really good breakfast. Love the pool. Best hotel experience I've had in a while. Will definitely be back.

Overall we had a wonderful stay. The first night we had an issue with our air conditioner and Shannon was on top of it. Also our room was located next to the pool and unfortunately it was loud. Shannon was very understanding and quickly moved us to another room. Both rooms were nice and very clean. The rooms have a modern touch with everything you could possibly need. The TV is on a wall mount that rotates to your liking. Parking was decent and well lit. The property was nice and well maintained. The staff were helpful and friendly. I really appreciated Shannon the most. She was very nice and easy to talk to. She was willing to go above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and a priority. I would definitely stay here again.

Hello, the beds were nice. I just can't get over how nice and professional Shannon was. The pool was also really awesome.

Shannon was super helpful, she helped me with all my needs and was very respectful towards me. Always was cheery and made me feel welcomed.

Window blind fell off and cut my arm.  House phone didn't work so couldn't call for assistance.  Bathtub dripped.  Lights on electrical outlets in bathroom so bright they disturb your rest. Seriously overpriced in my opinion.  Beds and pillows good, though!

While the hotel is fine, a cheap doorbell with glitter stickers is how guests are expected to “ring for service”  Tacky. 

The hotel was clean, as was my room with the exception of the bathroom which was in disrepair. Broken, uneven floor tiles, black splotchy caulk, stained toilet. While I’m sure it was clean, it was still nasty.

We enjoyed staying at the HI Express in Longmont. We were able to walk to our relatives house and restaurants. 
The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. The staff was friendly. Didn't use the indoor pool or exercise room. Lots of families with kids at the pool and water slide.

We booked this trip just to spend time with our grandkids. 3 years ago we went and had a blast. This trip, Monday the chemicals were strong but do able. Tuesday we didn’t swim much because we went back to Greeley. Wednesday morning the chemicals burned our eyes, skin and lungs packed up and left.

Everyone was so helpful. The breakfast options.. AMAZING! Overall a great experience, made us feel special! The room was nice, bed was a tad squeaky but nothing horrible at all. Can’t rave enough about this location!

We wanted to be near some family in Longmont plus get out of town quickly to hike. This location was perfect

I wish all hotels were this one, my family and I had a very relaxing and enjoyable time.  The staff was friendly, the pool was fun for kids and adults. Variety of breakfast options as well.

Our room was clean, quiet, and the bed was very comfortable. The staff were frindly and helpful. The breakfast choices were excellent, and our stay was very pleasant.

Great service, comfortable beds and good location!

The pool was PERFECT! The waterslide was so fast, I was flying, lol! The rooms were nice, clean, and comfortable! My only issue that gave it a 3 star for rooms was that the shower was quite disgusting. There was some mysterious liquid that was just sitting in the bottom of the shower and a bunch of disgusting things in the tile seams. The breakfast buffet was delicious. Overall, I had an amazing stay!

Excellent location and good amenities. Pool has huge slide.  Good exercise room.  Staff was helpful and attentive and reasonable standard breakfast offerings. Oatmeal unfortunately instant/quick instead of real rolled oats.  Limited fruit selection.

Connor, the front desk guy, was very friendly and efficient.  Checking in was a breeze. He runs a very good front desk.  The room was clean and comfortable. The swimming pool was great for my grandson.  He loved the slide. 
The only disappointment was the hot tub was out of order. 
Great property, I will stay here whenever I am in the area.

The rooms and facilities at this location are excellent. The rooms are clean and well-maintained as is the bathroom.

Highly recommend this hotel, especially if you’re traveling with your pet.

Shannon at the front desk was so sweet and helpful. Breakfast was amazing and everything was so clean. The waterslide was a huge highlight for the kiddos. We will definitely be back!

Great water pressure! Excellent shower!!
Check-in was very fast and easy. Connor, the front desk guy is fantastic! Very friendly and helpful. I wish all front desks were as efficient and friendly as this one. Great job, Connor!
Breakfast was excellent.
This is a great property!

Wonderful staff. Great top of the line breakfast. Hot tub and pool were very clean. Service was amazing

very so so breakfast just a regular holiday inn within expectation

Great hotel clean rooms and it was nice to be with in walking distance to several good restaurants.

This hotel is ideal if you're working within a budget. Amenities and complimentary breakfast are simply 'just fine.' 5/5 stars to customer service - they made check-in easy and were knowledgeable about the area which was ideal to us as we are from out of town. Only reason I would not recommend is because I'm a neat freak and there were small items in our room that made us feel uneasy if the room had been properly cleaned - door was left ajar upon entering, a pulled-apart paperclip was left on the table, and many candy wrappers were found, both stuck in the AC vents (almost as if left to be obvious) and same candy wrappers were left in a drawer. We even asked Housekeeping about this and the woman we spoke to was adamant that the room was completely cleaned.

Aside from the issue with the bed frame sticking out the room was comfortable.

We had a fantastic stay!! Rooms were clean and smelled fresh! Our children LOVED the slide pool. It was a little on the warm side in the pool and pool area but it beat freezing cold like the hotel we stayed at previous to this one! We had a fantastic staff helping us and breakfast was awesome we had biscuits and gravy, omlets and pancakes you watched being made through a little glass windows! We couldn't have asked for a better stay!!!!

Overall experience was affected by transients coming in without detection by staff. Guests often walk dripping wet from the pool to the elevator, and in one case a guest sat dripping wet eating breakfast. These situations could and should have been addressed by staff. On weekends the breakfast varieties were pared down to just a few selections.

We enjoyed the experience.  The breakfast was good.  Overall good experience.

Tried to have a meeting in the lobby, but the desk staff had kids and boyfriends running all over. Very distracting and annoying.

This is a great location. Wish they wouldn’t have biscuits and gravy every time I stay. The cinnamon rolls and coffee are great. The handicap room needs a little improvement.

I've stayed here twice and was left dissatisfied both times. I won't be returning.

The first time, we checked in a few hours late, and they didn't have any of the rooms we had reserved. It was a huge pain to get checked in. The pool over chlorinated, and the kid pool was empty. The rooms were fine, and breakfast was decent; there were not a ton of options for protein, though, mostly just carbs.

This time check-in was smooth, although I was overcharged for the rooms, based on what it showed when I reserved the rooms online. I got to my room, and it was clearly not cleaned yet. There were wet towels on the floor in the bathroom, and the beds were disheveled. I notified the front desk and was offered a complimentary snack for the inconvenience 🙄.  The housekeeping manager was still there, so he asked her to have someone clean it. After arguing that it had been cleaned, she said she would have someone take care of it. We returned to the room a bit later, and it appeared to have been cleaned. After further inspection, however, I don't think it was cleaned. It looked like they wiped up the floor with the towels, picked up the towels, and fixed the beds with the bedding that was already on them. There was hair in the sink, and at the foot of the bed, it looked like a dog had been laying on it, lots of short hairs in the comforter and a discolored spot. The room also did not smell clean like the other rooms that the rest of my party had checked in to. By this point, housekeeping had already left, so I didn't bother mentioning it further. The pool was still over chlorinated, though not as bad as the first time, and the kid pool was full this time.

Property is beginning to show its age. Was clean but need some maintenance done.

The location is convenient. During my stay, it was fairly quiet and I was able to relax when I wanted to. Breakfast is served until 9 on weekdays, but they were out of some items by 8 am, which was frustrating. There is a fridge and microwave in the room, which was helpful. USB ports are plentiful, although some did not work. I'm happy to see USB ports because some hotels still don't have them! I didn't get a chance to use the pool or hot tub, but they looked inviting. Same for the fitness center. Overall, I had a pleasant stay and I would stay here again.

The pool and slide we fun for the kids but you get what you pay for. We paid a little over $100 and the hotel is dirty and run down. If this is something that bothers you this is not the hotel for you. My 6 year old wanted a hotel with a fun pool for his birthday and this was more affordable than the big pool hotels.

It all started with the very first contact Shannon. She was more than welcoming to me at the initial contact. On our arrival a little early from a long trip they saw to it that we were able to get an early check in. Also my wife has a bad back and they provided extra pillows on my request. Hot fresh coffee was always in the lobby. The attendants suggested nice restaurants and stores. The overall experience is truly IHG standards.

The hotel is right across the street from the EYE CARE CENTER and we have found that it is better to spend the night here since it takes us about six hours to drive there for my appointment. I have had have eye treatments every two to three months for some time now, and the Holiday Inn Express makes the ordeal more bearable. The stay is always comfortable, clean and the personnel are pleasant and nice to talk with. Then there is the breakfast!! Very substantial, not just all carbs as many hotels serve, Hot eggs/omelets, biscuts and gravy, cinnamon rolls, yogurt, juices, along with the cold cearals!! We will be coming here everytime that I have an eye appointment!! IT IS GREAT!!!!!

Good location  friendly people Good breakfast. Fair price. Helpful staff

Horrible! This hotel is filthy and desperately needs a major touch up. The pool & hot tub is disgustingly filthy! The pool had sand on the bottom of the pool and the water was gross and slimy. The breakfast was a joke with just cereal and bagels basically! People were vaping in the pool around kids and trashing the pool area. The pool slide stairs are rusty! The little kids pool area was broken! The elevators were dirty! Our bathroom had mold on the ceiling and water damage. The pillows smelled! It was horrible! The staff here were amazing though! They are very friendly and they try to help as much as a front desk person could. If wasn’t for them we would have left immediately.

This hotel has always been one of our favorites. We will be back! The employees are accommodating and very pleasant.

This hotel is a dump, the hallways are always littered with trash and debris.  The maid only cleaned my room two times in a six day stay.  The laundry facilities were non functional

The hotel itself was very clean and the staff was very friendly.

Front desk personnel were friendly, helpful, and the best I’ve seen in years. He took care of an issue the customer ahead of me had, defusing a potential problem. Clean rooms, pool, exercise room and lobby with an excellent rate.

Large parking lot, clean room but bathroom vanity is inside bathroom with shower (prefer vanity outside of shower), Keurig coffee, quiet

What a delightful place!  Lily, Barett, Conor, and Shannon were extra helpful.  Cheers to you all!

We arrived in the evening and Conner greeted us, made sure that all 3 of our rooms were on the same floor, and advised us of the pool hours and breakfast hours. He was very friendly, and when we came down later at night for ice cream, he was right there to assist us. The beds were comfortable, and the rooms were clean.  We were on the backside of the hotel, and it was very quiet, no traffic noise at all.  It was a great stay.

Front desk service was great and what a lovely pool area this hotel has. Parking was outstanding and my room was exactly what I needed. Loved this visit.

I would rate the hotel experience good overall and would stay again, but would not take a ground floor room, as I was awakened by noisy guests in the lobby/hallway.

Pool was really slimy in the bottom needs to be cleaned other then that great place

We have had the pleasure of staying here on numerous occasions; dating back 16 years ago when we celebrated my son's 1st birthday poolside. We only live a couple miles away but when home renovations or mother nature says otherwise, we without hesitation choose this hotel.

Shannon has been extremely accommodating to my family's needs, above and beyond when plans have shifted slightly and overall super personable to interact with.

Thank you for doing what you do!

~Wagoner family

Had a good experience. First room was overlooking the pool, which we thought would be good but the noise ended up keeping our 2 y/o awake later at night. Connor was very understanding and switched our rooms without a charge or argument or anything, which is super helpful when a long day of traveling with a toddler has you worn out. Connor deserves some recognition for good customer service and helping us when we were frazzled. I'll definitely stay here again on my subsequent visits.

I had a great experience! I came in for a wedding. Was greeted by staff! Very friendly and prompt about getting my room. I checked in early without any problems.
Staff was very passionate!

My partner, and I had a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn and suites in Longmont.  Shannon and Maria were very sweet and accommodating.  Beds are very comfortable and rooms are nicely designed. The lobby area is very spacious. You feel like you’re staying in a luxury hotel. I would recommend this place to anyone.

We had a blast at the pool and the breakfast was great! Room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was neat and clean. Easy to find easy check in and check out.

Excellent service and friendly staff

The hostess was kind enough to help us get our room an hour early so I could work. The kids swim all evening, and the steakhouse nearby is delicious.

Breakfast was terrible & the hot tub was broken. The staff was super nice... but couldn't fix the problems.

The room was decent but the overall quality was a little old.  Breakfast was subpar as they had no meat to eat at all which seems a little cheap.   The fitness center was closed for repairs which is never a disappointing.

Absolutely disgusting. The room stunk of cigarette smoke. The smoke was actively wafting through the bathroom vents, it was so heavy we had to use the lobby bathroom and could not enter ours. We complained and the staff was not surprised. At breakfast, a stream of intoxicated homeless people walked through the front door and were warmly greeted by name by front desk staff and welcomed in for breakfast. The staff and hotel clearly care more about the local homeless than the comfort of guests. We felt sick from the cigarettes for 2-days after and all our clothes still stink. Stay anywhere else, do not, under any circumstances stay here unless you are a homeless person looking for a free meal. Bonus! The pool was filthy, chunks of hair everywhere on the pool deck, the water itself was dark and mirky, and the children's pool was empty and out of order. You will regret staying here I guarantee it.

Where do I start with this hotel? How about check in. When we arrived, there was no front desk clerk to be seen, only a sign that said “back soon.” We called and search around, but no staff anywhere to be seen. Along with the other guests in line to check in, we waited 20-25 minutes before the front desk clerk showed up with a piece of pizza in his hand, given to him by a guest upstairs where he had apparently been hanging out. He admitted this. He then told us our reserved room had been given away, so he downgraded us and then said we’d get a “discount” - which was simply the price difference for the downgrade. They had no rollaway beds or cots available, so we had to deal with only one bed in the room. No apology or alternative option given. No exaggerating - the pool capacity said 19 and there were approximately 40 people in there. Thats a conservative estimate. No functioning lights in the slide area, towels overflowing from the disposal area, and no staff to be seen the entire night. My son got a metal sliver in his foot from the pool bottom. Kiddie pool was out of order. Workout room was out of order. Mens bathroom was out of order. I grew up in the hotel industry, and have even worked at a holiday inn - this was easily the worst run property I have stayed at. Like others have stated in reviews, stay away from this hotel.

Where do I start with this hotel? How about check in. When we arrived, there was no front desk clerk to be seen, only a sign that said “back soon.” We called and search around, but no staff anywhere to be seen. Along with the other guests in line to check in, we waited 20-25 minutes before the front desk clerk showed up with a piece of pizza in his hand, given to him by a guest upstairs where he had apparently been hanging out. He admitted this. He then told us our reserved room had been given away, so he downgraded us and then said we’d get a “discount” - which was simply the price difference for the downgrade. They had no rollaway beds or cots available, so we had to deal with only one bed in the room. No apology or alternative option given. No exaggerating - the pool capacity said 19 and there were approximately 40 people in there. Thats a conservative estimate. No functioning lights in the slide area, towels overflowing from the disposal area, and no staff to be seen the entire night. My son got a metal sliver in his foot from the pool bottom. Kiddie pool was out of order. Workout room was out of order. Mens bathroom was out of order. I grew up in the hotel industry, and have even worked at a holiday inn - this was easily the worst run property I have stayed at. Like others have stated, stay away from this hotel.

Amazing

I'm remolding all the rooms here. Everyone one is very nice & helpful. Plus all the rooms are in the process of being remolded. Enjoy yourself :-)

Nice view but our room (101) was next to the elevator and was VERY noisy in the room every time someone used it.  Very distracting for sleep or watching TV.

Positive: Perfect liocation Negative: Room is old our room was 2nd floor but no view

It was a very convenient spot to be where you could walk to downtown Estes or only a few minutes away driving. You get a good view of the mountains while you can enjoy the fire pit. If you want just to relax at night they also have a nice hot jacuzzi and also a big pool with a TV. The room was quiet and ready to just chilax. In overall, I enjoyed the stay and the convenience of the area.

Positive: Location Negative: Trouble at check in

Wonderful amenities and breakfast is great! Close to the national park and plenty of things to do to entertain kids. It's the best Holiday inn I've stayed at

Amanda(?), the front desk lady and server, was amazing. easily made our stay 10x better. very professional and gave a great dinner recommendation.

Great hotel and location. Loved all the extra amenitie such as Starbucks coffee machine, Brevi water dispenser and fun game room.

Pool, hot tub, free smores, coffee, tea, so many different things to do and a bunch of different amenities place was great to bring our kids. It’s only a 20 minute drive to the national parks where there’s countless areas to go hiking. All of the staff are very welcoming. Everyone from the maintenance to the manager are willing to stop and say hi

We stayed 4 nights. We loved it here. No issues with maintenance, cleanliness, noise. Chose the hotel for proximity to RMNP, indoor pool, and bec reviews said great for kids. We requested 2 rooms together; they said it could not be guaranteed. This is common but I was still annoying and called multiple times to ask, and they kept assuring me that they can only check for that once we check in. They worked really hard to move rooms around and were able to get us 2 adjoining rooms, which was incredibly helpful for our stay and made it much more pleasant. We used everything offered — the pools was everything! Pool, hot tub, and area was impeccably cleaned and stocked daily by a professional and friendly porter, with age-appropriate cartoons on a gigantic screen; game room was small but just right for us and another family to be in together at once, with kids playing together; free s’mores kits and fire pit also nice to share w other families staying there; free food for kids was great for breakfast and first night dinner; lounged in the common areas a bit. Our rooms were serviced everyday and very clean. Staff very friendly and always helpful.
Best amenity: drumroll … LOL - we used the sparkling water machine constantly! Everything we needed in town (Safeway, coffee, Cinnamon’s Bakery, breakfast and dinner places) was 3-5 min away and the RMNP was right there as well.

Well remodeled and right in the middle of Estes Park. This is one of the best hotel options if you are visiting, especially with them being on the city's transit. 

Plus - lobby pinball is the best hotel amenity I've ever seen.

Comfortable bed, a solid location tucked off the main road, and genuinely fun lobby perks that included flavored sparkling water, Starbucks coffee, free s'mores kits for the outdoor fire pits, and a free play Ghostbusters pinball machine.

The one real issue is the rooms need better soundproofing. We were woken up at 2am by noisy neighbors staying in the room next to us and you can hear conversations clearly through the bathroom vents from the next room. Light sleepers, bring earplugs.

Wonderful hotel, staff was amazing, ONLY issue was very noisy air conditioning, but still worth staying here

Very nice property, convenient to parks and downtown. All staff were friendly and welcoming. Amanda was very helpful, and Jennifer went out well out of her way to make sure we received a package that had been delivered to the mailbox instead of the front desk. Her efforts especially were deeply appreciated.

Muy mala experiencia, tardaron 45 minutos en servirnos el desayuno que llegó frío y solo para dos de nosotros, los siguientes llegaron más tarde y uno de ellos no era lo que habíamos pedido. Muy mal servicio

We’ve been coming here on and off for several years, my kiddos love the heated indoor pool and all the amenities.

Jae rocks!

Jennifer in the restaurant is truly a gem. My dad was staying here, and we joined him for breakfast. While the service was a bit slow—which was completely understandable—Jennifer maintained such a positive attitude and consistently made sure we were taken care of.

Even after more of our family arrived once the restaurant had already closed, she went above and beyond by continuing to serve us for a little while from the lobby cooler. Her kindness, attentiveness, and willingness to go the extra mile really stood out. She absolutely deserves all the praise!

The rooms were great. We spent more time outside of the room.

We love this hotel! So many amenities! Amazing staff and the location is perfection!

Great stay great staff great location

Good experience, clean hotel lots of activities, quality amenities.  Heated pool was definitely a plus and the big screen tv in pool room was added benefit for sure

Worst experience ever. Me and my husband booked for one night we got 2 queen beds and they wanted to charge us for 2 nights. It was all dirty. Really unsatisfied.

I had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn last night. The front desk associate, Jeff, was extremely welcoming, professional, and made the check-in process smooth and pleasant. I also want to appreciate Forrest from the maintenance team — he was very helpful, quick to respond, and ensured everything was perfect during my stay.

Great customer service like this truly makes a difference. Thank you to Jeff and Forrest for providing such excellent hospitality. I highly recommend this hotel and look forward to staying again!

Vanessa, the manager, sets the standard — professional, welcoming, and clearly an outstanding leader. Jae was the star of our stay. Her warmth and genuine hospitality made us feel instantly at home. Michael, who helped us overnight, was equally accommodating and a pleasure to work with.

This isn’t a five-star luxury resort — it’s better in the ways that matter: spotless rooms, continual improvements, friendly staff, and true value for families visiting Estes Park. You can feel the care in how the property is run.

If you’re looking for a clean, affordable, family-friendly hotel in Estes Park with top-tier customer service, this is a hidden gem.

Bonus tip: check under the counter near the fresh brew coffee station — the cold coffee creamer is the secret win.

We’ll absolutely be back.

I left a note with front desk to be given to the GM. I know that you have no concern for your property when you wouldn't call me at the number that I provided. If I had been contacted this review would have been better. Clearly the room had not been inspected. Someone did not do their job.

Best value stay in Estes Park for families. Clean, comfortable, and exceptional service.

Vanessa, the manager, sets the standard — professional, welcoming, and clearly an outstanding leader. Jae was the star of our stay. Her warmth and genuine hospitality made us feel instantly at home. Michael, who helped us overnight, was equally accommodating and a pleasure to work with.

This isn’t a five-star luxury resort — it’s better in the ways that matter: spotless rooms, continual improvements, friendly staff, and true value for families visiting Estes Park. You can feel the care in how the property is run.

If you’re looking for a clean, affordable, family-friendly hotel in Estes Park with top-tier customer service, this is a hidden gem.

Bonus tip: check under the counter near the fresh brew coffee station — the cold coffee creamer is the secret win.

We’ll absolutely be back.

Hotel under construction.
When I made reservations I was not told this disruption. The hotel room I was promised looking at the mountains was not offered. We were charged a “ convenience fee “ that was not expected. No breckfast was offered for the two Dimond elite members.

All of the employees that we met are extremely helpful and genuinely friendly. I think that the personal contact is most important, but the room and quality match what we paid. We would recommend. The game room was an excellent touch as well.

Love the game room, pool, coffee machine. Water machine and the room was great. Staff was very helpful and friendly

I will not come to this hotel again also its not worth to come Estes park in winter nothing to see we heard about thier is alot wild life but nothing we saw.

Our room was not very clean when we checked in. We had to figure out how to hook up the remote for the TV and the bed was uncomfortable.

I had an extremely frustrating and disappointing experience during my stay. My car was hit overnight in the hotel parking lot, and the driver fled the scene. A clear piece of the other vehicle (the red cover of a tail light) was left on the ground next to my car, clearly indicating a hit and run.

When I reported the incident, the front desk contacted the manager. Unfortunately, the manager’s response was unprofessional, dismissive, and completely lacking empathy. She immediately stated that reviewing the cameras would not be helpful because she “didn’t know what time it happened” and claimed she could not review footage from the entire night.

I offered to review the footage myself and explained that the police would likely need to review it anyway. She refused and repeatedly insisted that even if a car was seen near mine, it could not be assumed to be responsible, suggesting the tail light cover might have fallen off earlier and that the driver could have been “just passing by.” Throughout the conversation, she continued to defend the unknown driver rather than support a guest whose vehicle had been damaged on hotel property.

Given her response, I told her clearly that her handling of the situation was unacceptable and asked that she speak with my husband instead, as I was no longer willing to continue the conversation. I then stepped away and sat in the lobby area.

While seated nearby, I could still hear the manager speaking loudly about the situation to the front desk staff, making dismissive and mocking comments, as if to justify herself and minimize my concern. This behavior felt highly inappropriate and unprofessional, especially considering the stress of the situation.

This reasoning was especially unreasonable given the location. This is a quiet mountain area with virtually no activity overnight. The parking lot was nearly empty, and it is highly unlikely that multiple vehicles were coming and going throughout the night. Any vehicle moving near mine would have stood out clearly.

What makes this situation even more troubling is that later that same morning, the police located the responsible driver, who was arrested for DUI and hit and run. The tail light cover found next to my car matched his vehicle exactly. In other words, the incident the manager refused to take seriously or investigate was completely legitimate.

I expect far more from someone in a management position. When a guest experiences property damage on hotel grounds, the response should involve support, professionalism, and a willingness to assist, not dismissal, excuses, or public commentary about the guest. Because of the manager’s behavior and lack of accountability, this stay was unacceptable.

I would not stay here again and cannot recommend this hotel while this type of management behavior continues.

Check-in took longer than expected but the staff were very courteous and the rooms were clean. Location and price were much better than other hotels in the area. Will definitely try to stay here again on our next trip.

I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to share some feedback about my recent stay at your hotel. I had made a reservation for a 1 King Bed Mountain View on November 11, 2025, for December 29-31. Unfortunately, upon checking in, I wasn't informed that my room had been changed to one with two standard queen beds and no mountain view.

When I noticed the discrepancy, I went back to the front desk, but the lady who had checked me in was no longer available. I spoke with Amanda, who was very helpful and did her best to rectify the situation. Amanda even offered me a poolside room, but I declined as it was quite noisy with kids swimming and it still wasn't a mountain view.

Amanda mentioned that she had contacted the manager on my behalf, but I never heard back from them. Apart from Amanda's assistance, my experience was quite disappointing. I was given two free breakfast vouchers as compensation, but unfortunately, the breakfast did not meet my expectations for a hotel of Hilton's caliber.

I appreciate your attention to this matter and hope that future guests do not encounter similar issues.

Overall we really enjoyed our stay here. Location is great and 3-4 minutes from Estes downtown. The place is huge and AMAZING for kids!

Huge pool with a big TV screen where kids can watch TV while swimming. The game room was great too, with pool, foosball, ping pong, pinball machines, and multiple arcade games with TONS of old school games: pac man, dig dug, spy hunter, etc etc etc

Outdoor fire pits were neat too and a nice touch.

Gym was a disappointment with old equipment and very few free weights.

Food was very good and Jonas the bartender and Jennifer the do-all server were both amazing! Drinks and food were both very reasonably priced, too. Latitude 105 bar was cool too and had a shuffle board table nearby.

This is a good spot and reasonably priced. There were a few hiccups during our stay but they were addressed and we enjoyed ourselves. Tons to do and located centrally. I would recommend it and we’ll come back for sure.

We had an AMAZING stay at this Holiday Inn in Estes Park. When we asked our 6yo ehat he thought of the hotel, he immediately said it was “the best hotel.” Why? his answer: the pool (indoor, heated, hot tub also), the game room(free pinball and air hockey 24/7) and roasting marshmallows (free smores kits).

From a family-friendly perspective, this is the best hotel we have stayed at, and we can say that having traveled across four different continents. The amenities are designed to make children (and parents) feel genuinely welcomed, with adult space for enjoyment. We would absolutely choose this hotel again in Estes Park, AND are likely to come here because this hotel is so incredible.
Also, every person who worked at this hotel would greet us when making eye contact, Daniel made check-in so enjoyable, and I wish I knew the pool and housekeeping staff as they worked so hard persistently over the four days we were here.

If you want it punc

This is supposed to be a “resort” but I have no idea how. It is old and outdated and had no real amenities. I don’t agree with a resort fee, but it is what it is. 

The vent in the bathroom was covered in dust. The curtain was missing the rod and broken. The guest before us left their Bobby pins that they used to close the curtains since they were broken and would close all the way, so I appreciated that. The bed was uncomfortable and my back hurt the rest of the trip. Thankfully, we were only there for 2 nights but I will not return when we decide to come back to Estes park. A resort fee is ridiculous for this place.

This is the only hotel we stay at in Estes. The amenities are wonderful. Especially for the kids when the weather prevents us from going outdoors.

Need elevator in pet section of hotel 
More convenience to get to main lobby.
Main lobby and area, pool and hot tub very  clean.
I would recommend main hotel is nice and convenient. Part of hotel to stay with pets needs work

We were sad to only spend one night at this hotel because it offers so much! It's centrally located in Estes Park. Rocky Mountain National Park is nearby. You can easily walk to restaurants, but we recommend staying and enjoying a great burger and beer at the property restaurant. Families will love the huge pool with movie screen and separate game room. The numerous outdoor fire pits are a nice touch. Our room was huge and comfortable. The breakfast offered elk sausage in addition to traditional offerings. We can't wait to come back and stay much longer!

Rustic Charm, quiet in early December. Clean and cozy vibes.
Missing classic Holiday Inn breakfast.

The hotel and rooms are not exactly clean and the beds and pillows are very disappointing for a Holiday Inn. The location was perfect and close to RMNP and downtown Estes Park shops. The best thing about the hotel aside from the location is the 24 hour coffee and filtered water machines.

Great Place to stay in Estes Park.   All of the staff were very helpful and friendly.  The breakfast and dining experience was great.  The hottub and gameroom were a big plus!

Jeff, Chris, and Daniel were simply amazing. I felt like I was at a 5 Star Hotel Downtown. The service was amazing, and they accommodated us making smores on the fires outside as well as making our stay as amazing as possible. Thanks Jeff!!!

Are you a fan of barking dogs, drafty rooms, flat pillows and a television that doesn't work? Well this is the place for you, but if you think $175 a night should offer more, stay somewhere else.

Bathroom was small but everything else was great

very bad experience in this hotel for one night. upon checking in the front desk staff took my card details without letting me know the deposit amount or any clarification. they have since overcharged me and no repaid my deposit to the full. the hotel room i was given was right next a swimming pool full of noisy children which was open until 11pm which also included a wide screen tv monitor vibrating the room. I dont think i have every experienced this in any hotel. the rooms was worn out and average at best. both bed sheets also had hair in them.

My husband, Nicholas and I spent four days and three nights at Estes Park Holiday Inn by IHG.  We were in town for our cousin’s wedding/reception. The hotel was very comfortable and our suite was extra comfy because we were able to manually control the temperature by adjusting a flawless and easy-to-operate thermostat.|  The people on staff were friendly and eager to accommodate, especially the Food & Beverage Supervisor, Ms. Jennifer Edwards. Kudos to her! She went above and beyond the call-of-duty to make sure that we had a pleasant stay and received everything we needed. Jennifer was great! Awesome, customer service! |  There were two Front Desk Attendants (Daniel S. and Jae S.) who helped us with questions and maps of the area before we checked out. They were patient and kind; we worked with them quite easily.|  Overall, I’d  rate this Hotel and our experience there as an A+.  You too will find this to be true when visiting Holiday Inn Estes Park, Colorado. Enjoy!||Juanita  M. (and  Nicholas)|Sarasota, Florida (USA)|P.S. The breakfast buffet was absolutely yummy too! 😋

My review is based on the recent experience I had with regards to refund of incorrect charges made to by credit card. I had made a reservation in this property from 11/24 to 11/26 but cancelled the reservation well in advance. I reached out to the customer care centre on 11/19 to dispute the charges and was assured that a resolution will be provided within 24-48 hours. I have yet not received a  refund or have been contacted by the property manager. Every time I reach their customer care centre, I am promised that the Estes park property manager will reach out to me but nothing has been done yet. I didn't expect such a pathetic service from Holiday Inn. I have an upcoming stay with your other property and wondering if it should be cancelled based on this experience.
Case number:10580287463
Booking cancellation number is 78244980

Hotel was very clean and calming. The staff were amazing. They made our stay with their kindness and helpfulness. Highly recommend stay ing hete.

Excellent place to stay with the family. I found it hard to find a non-haunted, up level hotel that didn’t break the bank and this is it! Lois is an incredible leader and the property has a great location! Absolutely love the fire places and common area. Indoor pool has padded rubber so pretty safe for kiddos. The restaurant puts out really good burgers. Definitely recommend this place for the price!

Best kept secret in Estes Park. While we have stayed in other hotels this was kept up to date and was close enough that we did not need to drive everywhere. We will start here every year for the spirits event in town

It's a nice hotel compared to some.   It's a little dated in the rooms.   The restaurant is great.

Our recent stay was great! The food in the breakfast area was absolutely wonderful. Lots of variety and high quality. 
The movies in the pool area every evening were a lot of fun as were the fire pits & s'mores. We also visited the well stocked game room and played shuffleboard in the bar. Were pleased to see the walking stick and binoculars in the room. Great hotel all around!

I called ahead and asked if I could be checked in at noon. They said between 1-1:30pm. I arrive at 1:30 saying they don’t have anything available. I specifically said I called ahead and got confirmation, not that it was a maybe. I was then told to check at 2:30, we had already brought all of our luggage to the lobby and decided to wait since it was an hour and you can’t do much within that time. At 2:30 they still had nothing. When I said I was here for a wedding they perked up and asked for the party name but I said I was here for a wedding not at this hotel. Then they shrugged and said oh ok. Like they would’ve given me a room if I were for that party. I checked again at 3:30 and still nothing. At 4, my original check in, they still didn’t have rooms available. Had to wait another 30 minutes and again they didn’t have anything ready until the clerk found one even though housekeeping got back and said they didn’t have anything. 3.5 hours we spent in the lobby when we could’ve actually explored or done anything in the area. That time was taken by the incompetent employees. The front desk said they overbooked the hotel. Why would you overbook when you have a wedding? Our room was also supposed to be Mountain View and it was just the other part of the hotel. There was a giant bug on the inside of the window that they clearly saw since they left the shades open. The bedside lampshade is so big that you can’t get around it and anytime you move your blankets you hit it. The beds were very uncomfortable and squeaked anytime you moved. This was unacceptable and wasted part of our visit. I contacted IHG and was supposed to get an email from the manager but have yet to receive one. My stay was on 10/18.

Stay was meh,
The room had a smell to it when we first arrived
The Ac barely did anything and the room was so hot.
Combine the heat with the strange smell my family and I all woke up with clogged noses and phlem in the throats.
The few French toast I had got we're not fully cooked. There was no ice with the drinks so just warm orange juice. The game room was nice, very run down and most everything was broken. But it was nice
At about 9pm we were enjoying our complimentary s'mores kits when the night worker came and asked if we were screaming at the top of our lungs and running screaming. ....
Myself and my wife in our 30s my mom almost 60 and my kids Godmother who is almost 70, my freezing 5 year old and freezing 8 year old. All huddled around the fire. Smh 😒
The maintenance guys decided to empty the hot tub at 10am when the pool area opens. Instead of the hours before.
The also barely filled and cleaned the pool as we entered the pool area. Smh should have been done hours before. Far too many chemicals were put in the pool, our eyes and noses were burning from swimming, our skin was getting itchy and irritated. I can hear them talking as I type this message, they put in to many tablets(chlorine). Maybe I should show them my CPI card and see if they let me fix the issue
Not the best place I've stayed and not the worse.

Great location, good price, hotel is showing its age, but still kept clean. Close to downtown Estes Park, could walk, but we drove. Game room had everything you would want to play. 24 seven coffee available in lobby. Everyone was very friendly.

The hotel  was really good Thank you for taking the time to share your Holiday Inn stay experience with other guests. The Guest Experience Ratings shown below have been generated based upon your responses to our survey. Feel free to make any changes to the ratings at this time. Your edits will only affect this public

The hotel was fine... But they need better pillows not hard sponges.... the matches could have been a little firmer.... And the breakfast was 17.95... Out have a regular option , danish and coffee 4.....4 bucks or something.. Also , their dinner menu is lacking , mostly just burgers and quick bites.... But they promote it like they may have steak italian dishes or whatever but they don't.... But you'd stay there because they have a good location for the park...

The mattress was worn out and very old. The breakfast was cold and very expensive. The staff was always helpful and very nice.

We were assigned a room in “Mount Evans” section of hotel. Room was nasty and no elevator to used to get your luggage up and down the stairs. The door was taped open, so the area was not secure and told the front desk and they did not do anything about it would not stay at this property!

Lobby and entrance are amazing.  Fire pits are a nice touch.  Once you left the lobby, it started to feel outdated and a little dingy.   Our beds were VERY uncomfortable and the room didn't feel clean.  The common bathrooms were unkept as well.

Had a really bad experience with the staff Jeffrey G and David they were rude and not professional or not helpful at all they have not sense of customer service

The hotel was very clean and nice.  Our room was perfect.  Restaurant was excellent for dinner. Fire pits and s'mores kits were great.  Coffee machine in lobby was nice. Everyone we talked to was very friendly.

5 stars because of the incredible staff at this hotel!

Unfortunately, this "Hotel" is actually 2 - a Hotel portion which is what you see from the street and probably where all these 5 star reviews are from and the "Motel" portion which is hidden behind the Hotel.  A 2 story motel which isn't even attached to the main building, so if you wanted to take advantage of all these smores and pools perks you need to drive around to the main hotel. The hallway was so small and creepy, the room was dated, and no access to any of the main "Hotel" services without driving around.

I had booked a Mountain View King and was relegated to the Motel portion with a stunning view of the parking lot directly outside my window (1st floor) couldn't even open curtains.  I tried to get the room I booked, but was literally made to feel like since I used my points to get this room this is what you get, despite the fact that I reserved a mountain view.  If I would have wanted to stay in a "Motel" I would have booked one of the many cute motels all through Estes Park.

I have no time for playing room roulette in the hopes that I get a room in the hotel section, there are better options in this great town!

Staff was great.   Views are amazing.   Rooms clean and beds comfy.   What more can you ask for in the mountains.   Pool was great for kids,  they had a giant movie screen so the kids had something to do at night.    Location is in the best small town in Colorado

The nicest Holiday Inn I have been to, in a great location.

There are 2 buildings a very nice looking Holiday Inn type and the a 2 Story Motel building which isn't connected to the main building.  Stayed in the Motel portion despite having booked a Mountain View room.  Hallways dark and small, almost hit my head on sprinkler. Unable to open curtains as room window was directly in from of parking lot. I'm guessing this what they give you when you use Expedia or some other Hotel site rather than direct.  I used points and felt like because my room was free this was all I deserved.  Too may other options in Estes Park to play room roulette with this place.

Good experience except we can hear people gathered at the fire pits talked to 11 pm, and the hotel charged $15 every night for providing Starbucks hot coffee, lattes, sparkling drinks, fire pits with S'more kit, and free bike usage.   It also charges $17.99 (?) for typical Holiday breakfast buffet.

We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel! It is in a great location close to RMNP and downtown Estes Park. The fires outside were so nice to enjoy as well as complimentary s’mores kits and we really enjoyed the hot tub after long days in the National Park. Staff was so kind and helpful. Our only complaint is that we were given an ADA room with a different kind of shower attachment that caused the pipes to rattle. Otherwise we really enjoyed our stay and would stay here again and recommend this location to anyone wanting to be close to RMNP!

Staff excellent! No vents in bathrooms. No room on bathroom vanity for personal items or curling irons. Air conditioning rattling and loud.

This is a great Holiday inn. Daniel was awesome getting us settled in. Kids get free meal vouchers. Everything is clean and new. Great location. Pool and hot tub great for families. Movie screen in pool area which is a nice touch. All games in game room are free. Free Starbucks coffee in lobby and a flavored water machine. We had a nice time.

I have stayed at many IHG locations throughout the U.S. and Canada. This location is nicely located in Estes Park, far enough away from all the action of the main strip, yet close enought to enjoy the community vibe. However, the facility is out dated (seems to be in its original condition from the 70's) and is not worth the money they charge. Note, too, that on top of the room rate there is a resort fee that just takes the price over the top, adding to the 'not worth it' feel. Truly disappointed. Fire pits and s'more kits were cool & the 80's era video games were fun to revisit - but still doesn't account for the price paid.

Overall a nice hotel. The pros were front desk was very nice, the location was good. I enjoyed the pool and also the game room and the outside fire pits with  free s'mores that they give you.  The cons would be: The beds were so hard and stiff. I had a sore back after the first night and it didn't go away. Also at the restaurant they needed more servers. There's only one server handling so many people. Also if you want a quiet evening and you go to bed early then I would not recommend a room that is close to the fire pits outside because it can get loud.  all in all I would stay there again.

Front desk was very helpful and despite being very busy went extra mile to help.

Check-in was easy, staff was friendly, kids loved the pool area, I would recommend

great location. Staff at restaurant/bar were phenomenal. Drawbacks: check in took 45-1 hour. Dog barking for hours locked in another room. Room air conditioning not working properly and very noisy. Not a full set of free weights in the gym as advertised online.

Good stay, good rooms, good staff. No free breakfast. Good chai in the Starbucks machine it had. Overall a nice place to stay if you are visiting Rocky Mountains. They also had a binocular(not that good) and a trekking pole(good) in the room.  The also had a campfire , big conference rooms, good pool.

Great hotel with lots of family amenities!!! Customer service was excellent !! We will be back

Location was perfect. Fire pits outside were cool. Only downsides: check in was a pain. Line was wrapped around into the hotels bar/ eatery. There were 30 people waiting just to check in around 4 pm on a Sunday. Also- gym was not as pictured- only a couple sets of free weights. We specifically choose our hotels based on gyms so this was a big drawback for us. Someone had their dog in their room barking incessantly for hours. Positives: rooms were clean, spacious, and best of all staff was phenomenal. Super nice people. Latitude 105 Alehouse is connected to the hotel and a HUGE perk. Would recommend staying here overall

房間寬敞舒適！地板和衛生間都有整新過，看起來非常整潔乾淨。有IHG白金會員贈送了兩份早餐😋

My kids and I came to Estes to go to Rocky Mountain National Park and also to go to the elk fest. It was a perfect trip and this hotel was within walking distance to Bond Park where the elk fest took place.

Best Holiday Inn that we have ever stayed in. Hotel is clean and the friendliest staff that we have ever encountered, happy, smiling and will do whatever they can to help and assist. Very highly recommend.

Couldn't be happier with this hotel. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, The room was very comfortable. The pool and hot tub were clean and there was a huge screen in the pool area to watch TV. There is flavored water and coffee in the lobby which was fantastic. There are outdoor fire pits with free s'mores. The restaurant and bar area where very comfortable clean and perfect to enjoy when not outside hiking. I will definitely be back!

Rating specifically the check in process as the wait time is close to an hour. 4pm on a Sunday

We were here for the Elk fest and loved staying here. Very convenient to downtown Estes, and walking distance to the golf course.

Positive: Fire pits Negative: No microwave in room

Front desk charged $50 extra. When challenged they said oh we always charge that for "incidentals" without telling us in advance. Rooms are pretty average.

Other than check in and restaurant the place needs a total remodel. Service not great at restaurant and check in. Tried getting extra pillows 3 times with no luck which has happened before at holiday inn. Not a fan, will definitely look elsewhere next time!




in bar and at desk. Tried getting extra pillows three times which has happened before at holiday inn. Think I’ll avoid holiday inn.

Great location to explore Estes Park and Rocky Mountain National Park.  The staff is welcoming and tries to make the stay as pleasant as possible.  There is a Starbucks coffee station available for self-service at any time and a water bottle refill station that offers flavoring for the water and various levels of carbonation.  At the end of the day you can enjoy your beverage at one of several fire pits and make a s'more with the complimentary s'more kit.  We enjoyed our stay and would be happy to stay again if the opportunity arises.

The Good:  Fire pits and smores were awesome, it was a great way to end the day after hiking and seeing the mountains.

The Bad: Room was clean but not very nice, bathroom was very small.  The beds were very hard and uncomfortable.  Pool and "game room" are not well kept up; very few of the games worked; no one was willing to help even with the TV's to watch a game.  Breakfast buffet was terrible, we got there a little before 8am and it was basically all gone, what was left was just nasty.  When asked if they were going to refill the buffet the staff indicated that they did not refill after 8:00.

As a place to stay while heading in the RMNP it's just OK; but not a place we will stay at again.

이 호텔은 저녁에 모닥불을 피워줍니다. 그 모닥불에 마시멜로를 구워먹을 수 있습니다! 호텔에서 무료로 꼬챙이와 마시멜로, 크래커, 초콜렛을 줍니다!! (Complimentary S'more) 그 덕분에 아이들과 너무 즐거운 저녁시간을 보냈습니다. 미국 여행에서 묵었던 여러 호텔 중 가장 인상적인 경험을 하게 해준 이 홀리데이인에 감사드립니다. 한국인들을 위해 일부러 한국어로 적습니다.

On a 27- day road trip and scheduled a stay at this hotel. I attempted to check in at 1:30 but room was not ready. Desk clerk made it a point to tell me check in was not until 4 pm instead of saying I will call you when ready, a very bad attitude which I took offense. She left when I returned and another clerk assigned my room in the West Wing, informing me that it had no elevator. I asked for another room and he was quick to tell me my booking with through Booking.com and I should have booked direct, as if this had something to do with no elevator. I had a wife, 2 dogs, and lot of luggage which he insisted they had no other room and since my booking was not direct, nothing could be done. I presented my IGM Card and was informed I did not receive points for my stay! Never was this related. I relunctantly agreed to take the room and after 4 trips to my car, I was in the room. I tried to turn on the TV, it did not work. I called for maintenance and when calling the phone jack fell out of the phone due to it being broken. The maint guy arrived, reeking of alcohol, and 15 minutes later the TV was fixed. He stated these rooms were very old and a constant issue. I went to sit at the deck to do some work and the desk chair was broken, it would not go up or down and was stuck in the lowest position making it impossible to work. I tried to make a cup of coffee but the Keurig was broken!  I had it, spending $350+ on a room of this nature and condition was enough. I called the front desk the next morning and told them I was checking out. When I came down, they handed me a bill for 2 days, which was my original reservation. I am a lifetime Diamond in Hilton and a Platinum on Bonvoy, NEVER had I had a room like this, nor been treated so badly!! I texted the property after I left and was told the manager was not in but would call me in the morning. Guess what, no call! I informed them I seek a refund and would be filing a report with Corp in Atlanta for some resolution.

Great spot! Rooms are cozy, amenities are great & service is even better. Jeff was a great conversation & gave us some terrific local recommendations

If you ask for a Mountain View don’t except much. We could see mountains only if leaned against the window. Then that building doesn’t have elevators and it is stairs to everything. We had a 8 month old so strollers don’t work. Loved the fire pits in the evenings and the S’mores!!! The pool area is very dark at night, which made us concerned with our kids.

Über die IHG-App habe ich zwei Zimmer in diesem Hotel gebucht. Aufgrund der dort schönen Beschreibung (u.a. "Bergblick, gegen Aufpreis) habe ich gebucht.

Der Check-in verlief absolut kompliziert und man muss alle seine (bereits beider Buchung mitgeteilten) Daten erneut angeben. Und das in eine Art Ipad oder Tablet. Und da es zwei Zimmer waren, kostete das doppelt Zeit. Das ist ja gerade der große Vorteil eines IHG-Kundenkontos, dass alle Daten bei der Buchung an das Hotel übermittelt werden. Nun gut, was folgte war noch schlimmer.

Über den Nebenaufzug (vom Parkplatz direkt aus erreichbar) in die zugeteilten Zimmer. Während im Zimmer 1 alles so weit (abgesehen von der etwas nachlässigen Reinigung) in Ordnung schien, war mein Zimmer absolut nicht in Ordnung.
Gründe:
1. Das Fliegengitter war lose
2. Der Fenstergriff fehlte und das Fenster konnte nicht geöffnet werden
3. Boden und Mobiliar waren sehr nachlässig gereinigt
4. Fensterbereich total verdreckt
5. Fenster verdreckt
6. Bergblick nur partiell und eigentlich von jedem anderen Zimmer aus so zu sehen.

Auf Reklamation schickte man zunächst jemanden vom Reinigungsservice, der eher lustlos versuchte etwas zu retten. Versuchte, weil er nach kurzer Zeit aufgab und die Rezeption verständigte.

Auch der sehr nette und freundliche Hausmeister konnte letztendlich Fenster und Fliegengitter nur provisorisch reparieren.

Aufgrund dessen wurde uns ein Zimmer in einem anderen Stockwerk angeboten. Dieses hatte anstatt der gebuchten 2 Queen nur ein King, war aber insgesamt sauber und sehr modern, eigentlich eine kleine Suite.

So erwarte ich das für mein Geld und ich kann aufgrund der anfänglichen Erfahrungen das Hotel NICHT EMPFEHLEN.

3 Stars
The hotel had several issues: no toilet paper or night towels in the room, the AC didn’t work, and overall it felt dirty. Staff told us not to unload our luggage but never explained why, and there was no one around to help when we needed assistance. The location was okay, but the service and basic amenities really need improvement.

Room was good but overlook was the utility building roof
Not nice at all
Jennifer & Jeff gave superior service 
Cris was good once I drew him out of his shell. Aden also was good after I coaxed him 
We’re nice people. Sarah helped us also
The other staff were just ok but not bad

Wonderful hotel, staff, room, and location.
Hotel is close to everything. Especially the Stanley Hotel and Rocky Mtn National Park!
Great views and we loved the outdoor fire pits and the Smores kits!

I was expecting for the price a little bit better. I could hear the people on the floors above me walking quite loudly which is never really an issue in the other Holiday Inns I stay at. I was surprised that the breakfast looked like the typical breakfast you would get for free at the typical Holiday Inns but here they were charging you almost $18. The shower curtain had a moldy smell so these need to be replaced or washed or something. But my biggest disappointment was believe it or not the workout room. The treadmill looked from 1985 and was not working anyways. The floor was bubbling and it was just the most depressive workout room I've ever seen at any Holiday Inn that I've stayed at. If I would have paid a hundred bucks a night I wouldn't be complaining about anything but the fact that it was $197 it really should have been much better.

The good:
The front desk staff was very accommodating. Our group arrived earlier than the hotel’s very late check-in time (4:00 p.m.) and she offered me an early check-in if I signed up for their loyalty program as early check-in privileges are reserved for their loyalty program members.

The bad:
The rooms really need updating. They seem to be very old.

The ugly:
If you plan to book their mountain view rooms, you need to be aware that they are in a building that has no elevator access. So you need to take this into consideration, especially if you are bringing heavy luggage or if you need accessibility. If you are after the view, I really can’t recommend it as my group and I really didn’t find it breathtaking enough to justify us dragging our luggage to our room. Also, if you are a group of 3 or more and opted to book a room with breakfast, do note that their breakfast would only cover 2 people.

Great location. Rooms are well appointed and clean. Amenities are well done. The on-site restaurant was very good.

Cons: no free breakfast like most 3 stars hotels, room is outdated, more like a motel room with noisy AC.

Pros: Hot tub and huge swimming after long hikes in RMNP, and because we get out around 7 to get in the national park to beat the crowd, no breakfast is actually not that bad.

Hotel was super clean and it was so nice that it was in walking distance to the downtown strip.  Wonderful experience.

Campfires, s'mores kits, walking sticks and binoculars in each guest room, incredible touches that made the stay amazing!

The rooms are SO bad. I can’t believe we paid almost $400 for ONE night just to have a dirty room, dirty walls, bugs crawling on the bathroom floor. Never again

While the room was extremely neat and clean, the area surrounding the pet friendly building where we stayed was overgrown with weeds.

Overall this hotel is nice. We were in the west wing and it was a little dated and could've been cleaner. The one thing I really didn't care for was the average hotel breakfast that they wanted to charge $18 per person and call it a buffet. It's not a buffet it's a hotel breakfast and a mediocre one at that. They also want to charge you extra for the pool at the end of the visit. I'm sorry its a holiday inn...breakfast and access to the pool are supposed to be included. We never went to the firepit, but now I'm glad we didn't or we probably would've been charged for that too.

Positive: Staff were so helpful. Breakfast buffet was very good. Very comfortable atmosphere. I would stay again on my next visit. Negative: Everything was excellent.

Quality hotel, definitely the nicest holiday inn I’ve ever stayed at (and I’m a member so I stay at a lot of holiday inn locations). It was clean but our bathroom was a little moldy, and the beds weren’t great. The platforms the beds are on don’t stop the mattress from sliding all over the place.

Do not waste your money on their restaurant! The breakfast was a huge waste of money, $18 to eat a less than mediocre buffet was abysmal. We definitely only made that mistake one day.

The views are great, but everything in town has good views, so it’s not that special. The pool is awesome so warm and cozy, the dive in theater is a nice touch. Hot tub is large but could be bigger based off how big the hotel is. Their amenities are all great, except the game room, that’s a little boring.

I arrived at the hotel and its a large area without proper markings. There is a reception marked  with a different restaurant name, a conference center another name , multiple newer hotel buildings and a classic " motel" building of original unimproved building.(1st-branding miss)
The reception gave me a map but was not clear .I ended up on wrong building called back and was given new instructions. Went back to parking drove around and ended on the "motel like" old building.(2nd Customer service miss)

This motel like building had no elevator and was not ADA compliant. It was dimly lit and smelt of age .In addition I had paid for mountain view room but this had no mountain view(3rd miss)

I called back reception to complain and was told to go back to front office which was like 2 football fields away again non ADA.
I was  then given a new room with mountain view as booked.
The receptionist was cold, un engaged and the old " motel" section was out of place. The waster pressure was low to save flow, the shower design convoluted ; towels in the cubicle to discourage water use(4th miss)

There was a facilities fee on the bill(5th miss on preboarding facilities fees disclosure), the restaurant was overpriced.....The whole experience was just disjointed inefficient and just not worth $400
The whole episode left me tired, furious and spoilt my experience. I am still perplexed this place is part of IHG network; it just does not measure up.

Great location and amenities. The room was spacious and clean, but it felt like a basement even though it was on the first floor.

Friendly and helpful staff makes the experience great.

Positive: The location of the hotel was just out of town so away from traffic and it was clean. Negative: The hotel is getting older but needs maintenance and TLC.  The room air conditioner  rattled the entire time, the bedside light fixtures were loose and you hit your head on the shade every time you got up.  The staff tries but it needs money invested.

Understaffed & overpriced for weird smelling rooms as a platinum member. Waited in line for check-in, watched the only front desk worker put multiple guests on hold just to rush them off. I called back a week after our stay to inquire about a lost item and witnessed the same line of “ma’am I have a whole line of guests there’s nothing I can really do” when I asked about the website they used “I left my stuff.com”. I reminded him that I, respectfully was the guest in line a few days ago who was checking in and paying almost $400 a night. I’d rather cowboy camp in the park than stay here again.

Positive: The staff were great everywhere - front desk, dining room.  The hamburger was the best we had the whole trip! Negative: It wasn't very clean.  The room was ok, but the common areas were awful.  Vacuum would be helpful especially in the hallways. The pool area is dark.

The staff at this hotel are the kindest and most attentive and helpful over any hotel we have ever stayed at. Rooms were extremely clean and the beds were wonderful. Will recommend this hotel to all of our friends and family visiting Estes Park, Colorado.

First class, Holiday Inn, beautiful water area and even cartoons for the kids there.

My stay was incredible here. I was checked in by Mike, who was incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and accommodating. I also would like to shout-out Daniel for being incredibly friendly as well. The room and location were perfect, and the amenities were just what me and my dog needed for a vacation. Best Holiday Inn I've ever stayed at!

Positive: "" Negative: I did not know that there would not be an elevator in the building.  I was there for my son's wedding.  Horrible experience.

Best dog friendly spot in Estes.

Be aware of added taxes and amenity fee. Breakfast not included in rate

The curtains did not properly close. The freezer needed to be defrosted, the coffee maker in the room and the TV did not work. My companion has handicap issues and we were put in a room very far from the main desk with no easy way to get to the restaurant which charged for breakfast. Will not be back.

One of the best family hotels to stay in in Estes Park for sure. Great indoor pool that is open late with a good hot tub. Game Room needs a little love, but it is a good feature. Lots of fire pits all over. Most of all very helpful and friendly staff, and especially a big shout out to Jennifer Edwards!! She went above and beyond to help us and make our stay great!!

Was not given Mountain View room as promised. Instead we had a first floor room facing the fire pit area in front of hotel. Rooms was right next to room service so we heard that door shut all day. Rooms are dirty. Shower head is from 1993. All the staff was nice except the one manger who pulled up in his during the fire alarm and said “ can I go home?”. This particular guy always seemed to have an attitude about everything. Hopefully IHG will put some time and effort to fix this place.

Sadly, there are terrible reviews on the IHG website. Some of our initial experience is consistent with the comments i.e. dirty bathroom, room not fully cleaned with debris on the floor however some staff such as Jennifer, Jeff and James (J3 power we called them!) transformed our experience. The most memorable part of the stay was the amenities, firepit,  games room, freshly brewed coffee 24/7, and the filtered water options in the lobby. ||The dinner was exceptional; we travel a lot and a meal after a good hike, bike ride around the lake,  a drink by the firepit, and a satisfying meal at the restaurant were the highlights.||The property is a franchise; they should operate with IHG standards including customer service and problem-solving. Jennifer was able to assist us to ensure guest appeasement. Room cleanliness cannot be compromised. ||There is one particular person at the front desk who set the wrong tone; we travel a lot and this person is not fit for customer service. Nonetheless, the individual was generous in offering solutions after we spoke up.||Location is wonderful; the river walk has a few interesting spots but nothing as cool like a herd of elks coming out right at dusk! We got to cross the street with them back to our hotel. Hope to meet the 3Js on our next stay.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

My experience was not what the other reviewers had.  This Holiday Inn is not up to the standards I am used to with Holiday Inn.  I have been a Gold Rewards member since 1989.  I have stayed at many of them.   I booked a 6-night stay in August of 2025.  I paid extra for a "mountain" room view.  The first room had a big pine tree 15' from the window.  They gave us a different "mountain" view room that was the back parking lot.  In our room, the chest of drawers hardly opened or closed.  The floor in the bathroom was filthy.  The bathroom vent had an excessive amount of dust buildup on it. The can light fixture over the shower was missing its cover. A microwave sitting on top of a mini refrigerator was our coffee station.  The refrigerator barely keeps anything cool.  There was one chair.  Anyone else had to sit on the bed.  If you decide to stay here, lower your expectations.  I will not stay here again.

My experience was not what the other reviewers had.  This Holiday Inn is not up to the standards I am used to with Holiday Inn.  I have been a Gold Rewards member since 1989.  I have stayed at many of them.   I booked a 6-night stay in August of 2025.  I paid extra for a "mountain" room view.  The first room had a big pine tree 15' from the window (see photo).  They gave us a different "mountain" view room that was the back parking lot (see photo).  In our room, the chest of drawers hardly opened or closed.  The floor in the bathroom was filthy.  The bathroom vent had an excessive amount of dust buildup on it. The can light fixture over the shower was missing its cover. A microwave sitting on top of a mini refrigerator was our coffee station.  The refrigerator barely keeps anything cool.  There was one chair.  Anyone else had to sit on the bed.  If you decide to stay here, lower your expectations.  I will not stay here again.

Very disappointing stay. Room was outdated, and the A/C was so loud we couldn’t sleep. Food and drinks were terrible—bland and overpriced. The kids' game room was a disaster: broken, wobbly machines and completely trashed. Not worth the price. Wouldn’t recommend.

Positive: Great location and the pool and fire pits were perfect endings each night. Negative: The location of our room made it difficult to carry luggage and get to the other side of the hotel.

Great stay in this lodge type setup. They gave us complimentary smore's kits to make at their fire pits. That was an exciting surprise! This will be our hotel pick in the area, without doubt! The front desk attendants were all so friendly and happy!

We had a great stay overall! Jennifer at the front desk was outstanding—welcoming, helpful, and truly made us feel at home. The s’mores setup for the kids was such a thoughtful touch and really made our evening special. While the rooms could’ve been a bit cleaner, it wasn’t enough to take away from the overall experience. We’d definitely stay here again!

What I thought I booked per their Holiday Express Rewards APP - I did not get upon check - in.  The website shows a 4 story building and pictures of all the amenities. When I booked for one night - all that came up was a room with 2 Queens. No other mention or qualifiers of tower and ancillary buildings, so I booked it thinking I was going to be in the main building. What I got was a remote 2 story building, no elevator or bell cart.  Not very straight forward if you have not booked with them before.|Same premium price but lesser quality.|Front desk - upon check in - not any help.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

This hotel like all IHG was great. It was comfortable, attractive,  in a great location. It was  very close to everything.  I loved the fire pits and the Smores kits! It is a most welcoming and friendly place to stay.

Positive: Location and proce Negative: My room was supposed to be Mountain View (good view) front desk told me at check in.Than, when I arrived at room we could see mountains from window which were majority blocked by the hotel air/ roof system we had full view of.

would not stay here again. layout of hotel, room location, lump in middle of mattress. hair in tub and shower curtain

No elevator, no shower curtain, sat in restraint for 15 min after being seated and never got waited on or acknowledged. Good location but did not like this hotel.

It is a nice hotel. But the view was blocked by vent equipment and there is no breakfast 😭

I reserved and paid for a mountain view room, but was assigned a ground floor level room with a tree covering most of my window and facing the parking lot with a car covering the rest of the view. When I called front desk to enquire, I was told this was categorized as a mountain view room, and that they were overbooked and this is all they could offer. I then informed the from desk the window curtain would not close, and a light was shining into the room, and we had no privacy because of the parking lot. I was then told it would be fixed in 15 minutes. This was on the day of arrival, and was never fixed for 2 days for the entire duration of stay. When checking out, the front desk lady who claimed she was the manager apologized and agreed that it was not a mountain view room, and would deposit 2 nights work of points to my account. But she never did. Very disappointed! I am going to avoid IHG hotels in future!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Beautiful place and Victoria the bartender was amazing!  Helpful, friendly and just wonderful lady!

I recently had the pleasure of staying with my family at the Holiday Inn in Estes Park, Colorado, and I couldn’t have asked for a better location. Conveniently located right near the Rocky Mountain National Park, the hotel offers breathtaking mountain views and is just minutes from the park entrance. It’s also close to downtown Estes Park, making it easy to explore local shops, restaurants, and trails without having to drive far. Whether you’re visiting for hiking, wildlife viewing, or simply to enjoy the fresh mountain air, this hotel puts you right where you want to be. During the summer time, there’s a free shuttle (Silver Route) that runs through 9pm.

What truly set this stay apart, though, was the exceptional customer service. From check-in to check-out, the staff went above and beyond to ensure our comfort. Everyone was warm, welcoming, and genuinely helpful—offering personalized recommendations for local dining and hikes, and promptly addressing any request we had. Their local knowledge and professionalism made us feel right at home, and it was clear that guest satisfaction is a top priority at this property. Mr. Alexis, Operations Manager, was very engaged and was super helpful. He personally congratulated me on a special occasion we were celebrating. The staff, including Jeff, EJ, and others were fantastic too.

The amenities were another highlight of our stay. The hotel features a well-equipped fitness center, a relaxing indoor pool and hot tub, a family game room, and spacious, modern rooms that were spotless and comfortable. The on-site restaurant served an excellent hot breakfast buffet and evening meals with a great variety of options. We also appreciated the free parking and reliable Wi-Fi, which made everything more convenient. All in all, the Holiday Inn at Estes Park combines the perfect mountain location with top-tier service and amenities—I’d highly recommend it to anyone planning a trip to the area.

Hotel is great, location is great, lots of elk and deer and wildlife all around, walking distance to downtown and to the 9 hole golf course. Had a great 2 night stay with my son. When we tried to check in 30 minutes early as instructed by a staff member we were told to our face that we were lying about being told by another staff member to check in at that time to see if our room was ready. Not cool to be called a liar to your face when you are checking into a hotel and about to spend $600. Sad that his words soured what was otherwise a very nice stay.

Nice hotel with all amenities decent size room with gym and pool and game rooms |Liked it. Front desk is helpful can  stay long

This Holiday Inn is a bit aged, but it makes up for it in a lot of ways.  The staff is very nice and super helpful.  There is a coffee bar located in the lobby, though it does lack a decaf option.  It also has a water dispenser that is a small, but amazingly useful (and cost saving) perk!  It offers regular and sparkling water options.  I can't oversell this particular extra!  The fire pits outside are well maintained, and have nice Adirondack chairs for relaxing in the evening.  The front desk will even provide s'mores kits for the kids.  The only negative of our experience was the fact that the exercise facility was a bit lacking.  Other than that, just a wonderful place to stay.  Oh, and I can't forget about the views...they are simply spectacular!

I’ve stayed here both for business and vacation and both times were wonderful and I would happily come back and stay again.

Great rooms, friendly staff, just need more of them. You must  know the street layout a bit or you'll drive by it.

We had a great stay. Loved the self serve coffe/tea and nightly smores. Didn't take advantage of the game room or pool, but lots to do. Most nights a mule deer or 2 visits the camp fire area, lots of elk nearby in town.

Check-in was smooth and front desk associate seemed friendly.The breakfast buffet is definitely worth the $20—great variety and very professional staff. I also appreciated the complimentary coffee available in the lobby.

However, room cleanliness was lacking. I found hair in the bathtub, and the sheets didn’t appear fresh. Thankfully, the front desk responded quickly and brought up clean sheets. With a bit more attention to housekeeping (hsk supervisor should definitely pay attention when doing the job), this could have been a perfect stay.

We had a wonderful experience in Holiday Inn Estes. Clean rooms, tidy washrooms with excellent amenities including fire pit outdoor lounge, Gaming room to enjoy for all, pool which i did not use, free shuttle to near by locations. It was a great package.

Someone must have paid a magician photographer, because this outdated "place" is not what they advertise.   Paid over $400 for a mountain view room on the 3rd floor with no elevator (not mentioned on website), breakfast supposed to be included (it wasn't), front desk dude was way unfriendly.  Love Holiday Inns but NOT this one!   Needs total overhaul, too bad.

Great place to stay and  minutes from the park entrance. Nice rooms and comfortable beds. We had a wonderful stay and the staff was very helpful.

This was my kids favorite place we stayed - largely because they have a game room. we played arcade (no extra coins needed), pool, ping pong, and watched TVs there. My wife and I thought between the out of order machines, wobbly pool table, and bent pool stick the room could use a little TLC but that didn't seem to bother our kids.
They also provided s'mores kits to enjoy around outside fire pits on the evening and the room came with binoculars to use when looking at sites. This hotel was a huge win with the kids so that makes it a huge win in our book! Also pet friendly to our goldendoodle with hard room floors (everything seemed nice and clean) so double win!

This hotel has everything you want. Large indoor pool and hot tub. Great location. Free play pinball.  Drinks. Deer outside. Marshmallows pit.
 Great service.

Great stay, great people, loved the Starbucks coffee station (24 hours)!! And water /flavored water station.

Decent hotel.  Great location.  The young staffs were very personable/nice.  The older gentleman is a bit short and when you ask for something like extra towel or a question he seems like you are inconveniencing him.  Unfortunately the extra bath towel we got (after 40min-1hr wait) had blood and stool.  Cleaning crew need training, they should remove those towels out of circulation.  One time, they “cleaned” room and missed some dirty towels on the floor so they really didn’t look close enough.  They have a good game room, again dirty gaming couch.  Trash was also overflowing.  I think if they have more cleaning staff that are probably trained then this would have been a lovely hotel.  Unfortunately when you see other people’s dried blood or stool on towels (like on 3 of 4 we received), there’s no coming back to this hotel.

We enjoyed our one-night stay at this Holiday Inn.  It was a pleasure to overnight at this hotel.  Our room was clean, quiet, and comfortable as expected.  We took some time to enjoy the indoor swimming pool and hot tub.  There is an on-site restaurant and lounge, however, we chose to dine at a nearby local restaurant for breakfast.  The hotel boasts an excellent location central to all of the attractions in Estes Park and Rocky Mountain National Park.

I gave the rooms four stars just because we were cramped. Other than that, we thought this hotel was great! Staff were very friendly. Kids loved the pool and game room (it wasn’t that great lol). Location was AMAZING. Elk in the parking lot every night. Cool campfire circles all on the lawn, hotel proved s’mores ingredients and sticks every night. Located across the street from an amazing Mexican restaurant. Close to Rocky Mountain National Park.  They offer a flavored water bottle refill station, which we loved for hiking. Close to shops and restaurants. It was a perfect location for us.

Excellent location.Beautiful indoor pool

Overall I really enjoyed my stay at Holiday Inn. The rooms were nice, hot tub was great, wonderful location. My only complaint is that the breakfast was expensive and the exact same thing you would get complimentary at a Holiday Inn express.

Enjoyed our stay. Friendly staff and clean rooms with comfortable beds

This is a bad hotel. 
The good - the people working you interact with really seem to want to do a good job but are not supported.
The bad - room not ready at a 4:00 check in, was told 15 minutes. After an hour we reluctantly agreed to a room adjacent to pool only because we needed to get ready for a show........completely reaked of chlorine. Do not book a poolside room!
The game room is pretty bad as well. Not a real ping pong table. No chalk for the pool table that isn't close to level. Things that could be fixed for pretty cheap, but it's clear the powers that be don't care.
The breakfast is a joke. It's a buffet that is no better than a free continental breakfast but they charge $17.50.
The Ugly - as mentioned props to the staff as after the show I asked for a room change which I was granted. The room was not nice. The vent looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a decade, run down finishes, AC that couldn't keep up with demand, and holes in the bathroom wall where they moved a towel bar and decided not to fill the old holes(sort of minor except when considering the price tag for this place). The kicker was it was in a section of the hotel without an elevator. So I was reassigned to a third floor room with no elevator access(I know this sounds impossible, but I promise this is the case). Was told there is a section of parking behind the building that limits the number of stairs I would need to climb. Ummmm OK......reality is I shouldn't have to lug heavy suit cases up a single flight of stairs.
This place stinks and for the price feels criminal. Do yourself a favor and find better place to stay.

Our family of 4 had a great time in Estes Park. The hotel's bar and restaurant was fantastic, we had some great cocktails there and delicious food for breakfast and dinner too. The pool was amazing, kids had so much fun playing and swimming. The game room could use a little TLC, it was very dirty and most games were broken or incomplete. Our room was spacious and clean. The complimentary smores kit for the fireplace was a very nice surprise, the kids loved it. It was great to have a free laundry room in the hotel, I just wish there was more than just one washer and dryer because the line can get very long. I had to wait almost 3 hours to finally be able to do our laundry. Location of the hotel was perfect. Great views from our room and within walking distance to the aerial tram and the visitor's center. We will definitely be back next summer.

This is a quirky Holiday Inn that happens to be in a wonderfully nestled town next to some incredible parks.  We found most of the staff cheerful and pleasant, doing their best to assist.  The housekeeping was dutifully completed every day.  The room was clean and comfortable.

The price point is high for a Holiday Inn, especially in what looks like a semi-renovated building.  The rooms themselves and hallways are dark and drabby.  There wasn’t much seating.  Everything could get a face lift. Our view had the top of a huge roof and air duct /units.  I wish we could have found out about this beforehand.

Still, I give the stay four stars for the extras the hotel provides: smores, special coffees and waters and the cheerful front desk staff.

I would return

This is the worst Holiday Inn property that I have stayed at. Not only the issues with our room key, but this hotel overall needs an overhaul.

If you are looking for a wonderful experience look no further than the Holiday Inn of Estes Park Co ! Convenient location, free parking and all the extra  amenities ! 
Bring your water bottle and refill - 2 stations! Free water ( with flavors offered !) free delicious coffee or tea - The coffee area is kept meticulously clean with creamers and all you need to fill your reusable bottles for the park ! The hotel offers an indoor pool and hot tub and never seemed crowded! 
The staff at the front desk are the most accommodating we have seen in a long time ! Patient and caring with hotel guests ! Ask for Jennifer or Jae ! Professional, and truly they go the extra mile for their guests ! 
The restaurant is convenient and on site with eggs,  pancakes, waffles, cereal, bacon sausage,  yogurts, muffins, pastries and Oatmeal that was hot and delicious ! Ok and coffee is served to your table by kind caring staff ! 
We have stayed in Estes Park but this location is perfect .. oh and yes free kits for making s’mores by their fire pits- every night ! Did I mention the Elk and deer that visit the property ? Mountain Views and centrally located for downtown Estes & that great walk around Lake Estes !! Hit the farmers market on Thursdays ( free parking at the garage ) 
Be sure to say hello to Jennifer and Jae @ the front desk! If you’re headed to RMNP a stay in Estes @ Holiday Inn is an excellent choice !

Positive: It was convenient to everything we were in Estes Park for Negative: Front  desk lady was rude. She said early check-in is for members only and I said I am a member and she said oh. She told me she would call me when the room was ready. No call. Room was warm. Mountain View was the tip of the mountain over another rooftop.

Why am I unable to receive a refund? I've been trying to cancel a room through Expedia and your management, but without success. It's frustrating to deal with such practices that seem designed to take advantage of customers in difficult situations. I urge you to take responsibility and avoid working with partners who exploit customers like this. I tried to cancel the booking right after 5 minutes of booking, either this hotel management or expedia is trying to scam with me. SHAME ON YOU.

We loved everything about this hotel. 
There is one thing however that I would change, lighting, you need lighting by the full length mirror with a socket for curling irons, etc. There is light, but it’s still very dark and can’t see to do make up/hair when sharing bathroom with love ones it would be nice to have.

This place is amazing value for the cost. The rooms are great, but the little extras like free s'mores kits to use at their many outdoor fireplaces, game room with free arcades and indoor pool open till 11pm really elevate the stay. We could hear a bit more through the walls than I would have liked, but it seemed understandable. The clock is also a Bluetooth speaker, which was great. The only other thing that could improve the stay would be TV's that allowed screen sharing/streaming

Hotel location was great - about a 15 minute walk (5 minute drive) to the touristy downtown area of Estes Park and a 20 minute drive to Rocky Mountain National Park. The exterior looked a little tired and worn with the lot needing to be seal coated and re-striped. The reception and lobby appeared to have been recently updated and had a nice ambiance, lighting and seating areas. The hotel provided a Bevi machine and free coffee and tea, available at all times of the day in the lobby area. In addition, the fire pits and complimentary s’more kits were a nice added touch. 

We didn’t use the pool, but it looked very nice although I would not want to be in the rooms which overlooked the pool just from a noise  / ambiance perspective. The hotel also had a gaming room with some arcade games and a pool / ping pong table. 

Breakfast was not included, but there is an on-site restaurant and bar with room service as an amenity. There were so many good breakfast places around the area that while free breakfast is a great perk and a cost benefit to families, it wasn’t a major issue for two of us. 

We did have some issues with accessibility due to the elevator from the ground floor to the 1st floor hallway being inoperable so we had to carry our luggage up stairs to access the hallway where the elevator to our 2nd floor room was located. We did relay this issue to staff and it appeared to have been remedied the following day. There did not appear to be a freight/staff elevator so elevator traffic when we were trying to check out along with housekeeping was a little high. 

The room itself appears to have had interior upgrades with newer millwork, lighting fixtures near the beds and carpeting. The immediate issue we noticed was a mildew smell that didn’t go away with the AC set to dry mode and most likely due to lack of ventilation in the bathrooms. The smell was lingering where if you left the room and came back you could smell it but you eventually became sort of “nose blind” to it. Bathroom vanities were newer but not a lot of room to spread out toiletries and the bathtub shower was in need of a full replacement. You could see that they installed newer plastic tub / shower inserts but there was mildew on the shower curtains and unfortunately 
never aired out fully. 

AC was very loud, so ear plugs are recommended. Trash can liners were not installed in the trash cans when we arrived so the room condition on immediate first impression was not great. In addition, the room was an older style where you have a door between if you wanted to share adjoining rooms. The noise buffer / acoustics between rooms was almost non-existent and we had a family with smaller children so we could definitely hear all conversations.  

Overall, 3/5 stay with the bathroom and room utilities being the main detractors.

Location: 5/5
Common areas and amenities: 4/5
Room: 3/5
Bathroom: 2/5
Overall stay for value: 3/5

I’d like to extend a heartfelt thank you to the wonderful team at the Estes Park Holiday Inn for such a memorable stay. The hotel had a unique charm that brought back a wave of nostalgia for me—especially the pool area, where a movie played on the big screen and the poolside rooms gave off a beach-front vibe with their direct access to the indoor pool. The room even came with binoculars and a walking stick to use on your hiking adventures in the area.

The lobby was equally inviting, complete with a cozy hammock swing and delicious drink refreshments that made it feel like home. A special shout-out to Alexis on the management team, who went above and beyond during checkout. He was incredibly patient and kind as we used some Amex gift cards from our wedding to help pay for our stay.

I truly appreciated the hospitality and would highly recommend the Estes Park Holiday Inn to anyone visiting the area!

Positive: "" Negative: The check-in was too late. We were made to wait for almost an hr at 1 am. The room was all messed up and not cleaned when we arrived. We paid $--- for a Holiday Inn for just 5 hrs of sleep. Also, we were directed to a spam call when we tried reaching out

Would come back. My child had the best time with family.

We appreciated the cleanliness of this facility.  Staff were friendly and answered questions.  I personally felt the parking lot was safe and had no concerns with the safety of our vehicle.

PERFECT!  Dog lovers - this is your place.  GREAT service, comfortable clean rooms with amazing views. Wake to wildlife grazing outside your window.  Jennifer at front desk is WONDERFUL and the taffy, smores kits and dog bowls top off the excellent service and stay!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We just checked in and have had a terrible experience thus far. For nearly 3 hours we’ve been told that we can’t be helped, including 40 minutes beyond check-in time. Then we were finally told to drive to a building around back of the property to find our room on the 3rd floor in a building without an elevator, but also with children and 150 lbs of luggage.  For the inconvenience of the long delay, it would have been appreciated to be given a room in a building with an elevator, or maybe even an offer to help us get our bags up here.   This is a 1 Star experience and I absolutely would not recommend this place or the poor service.

I should read the reviews before I booked. It’s holiday inn motel. Doesn’t worth paying $300 night.

Hotel was nice and clean. Amenities were fabulous outdoor fire pits and game room were great. Location was convenient to town

Jennifer at the front desk is great! Very kind, very nice, and always upbeat. The connected alehouse/restaurant and workers are also great! Our room was missing a lightbulb but we didn't care much

A shout out to the wonderful staff at Estes Holiday Inn, especially Jennifer from the front desk. Jennifer was so professional, courteous, and empathetic to our needs due to altitude sickness and really made us feel like family. We’ve never had such kindness demonstrated at a hotel before, and Jennifer has shown how a hotel can get a great reputation - thru its people. The hotel is very lucky to have her on staff and we can’t praise her enough. Thanks for a great stay.

Dated rooms, the door in our washroom didn't close and they had to send someone to change the latch. The "fix" didn't last for more than 2 hours. The only pros were that they accommodated our request for a microwave and crib. Cleaning the room every day is not a given and you have to explicitly ask for it. Overall for an IHG this was a disappointment.

This hotel is very dirty and outdated, especially for the price you pay. They were also doing construction at the hotel. The halls were dirty, the doors to the outside were propped open with a rock, and the view was a sore sight. The location to RMNP is great. We have stayed in this hotel twice and have been very disappointed both times. We will not be back.

I am adding pictures of some of our issues, but to list a few- boarded up windows, hair in the shower, boogers on the shower curtain, hair in the bed, no cover on the light, etc. I could keep going.

I had a stay for a work function for a few days and it was great!! I love the free Starbucks coffee machine in the lobby, probably had more than I should have. The pool and area game room are great for the kiddos and it's an easy location to get to if you want to head to downtown Estes.

it was a great places to stay from the game room to smore making to the coffee maker it was all so good we were all so happy with the stay if we come to Denver again we will definitely stay in the hotel again what a prefect experience.

If you use a wheelchair and a Hoyer lift do not stay at this hotel. While the people are nice, the ADA accessible rooms are anything but accessible. The new furniture is far too big for the existing  room and there is no way to use a Hoyer lift as the box underneath the bed cannot be lifted or moved in anyway. It made our stay miserable.

Very convenient location, and the staff were great and very friendly. The fire pits were really cool!

This place is very nice, and it has good amenities, but we had no rest, if you are a light sleeper this place sucks. It has self shut room doors that slam, so you hear all the guests coming and going down the hall, it's a slam door party from 7-9am and 5-9pm We stayed near the employee laundry room.. and they come in super loud, with radios and talking that sounds like yelling around 6am.
Do not stay in rooms 101-111. Or near any exit side doors.

Rooms are so very outdated!!!
Mattress hard as a rock. No bav rack in the room. Couldn't have found a cheaper iron board and pad. Rubber from board pad all over the floor.
One good thing....food was great!
I would NOT stay here again!!!

Great location and service
Rooms are so so and not high quality
AC unit problematic. Too much heat even after turning off
Jeff was excellent

The rooms were great. I love the pool and the hot tub. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was nice. The staff is very friendly.

This hotel is a wonderful family hotel in Estes park. The rooms are clean and the foyer decorations are very comfortable and welcoming. After a day of hiking and exploring, we enjoyed coming back to the hotel and being able to relax while our kids (ages 12 and 15) went to the pool or played in the extensive game room. The s’mores kits given out in the evening were also a fun bonus. If we ever return to Estes Park, I would not dream of staying anywhere else.

Very overpriced, very basic room with no amenities. The “restaurant” only has burgers and wasn’t an option for me. We stayed in the pet friendly building which is detached from the main building so required long walks to the main bldg to the pool and water machine. There was nothing for free (not even water). A holiday inn express is way btr than this one. Overall, not worth the price.

Its a great place. Nice and clean and we had no complaints.

I really liked this hotel. Clean room, we used the pool and jacuzzi very clean. Staff were so friendly.

The game room is so cool! Even has Mario kart and PAC man.

The hotel itself is very nice and the breakfast is incredible. The rooms are small and we got woken up at 6:00 AM by the front desk Saturday morning saying that there was a noise complaint coming from our room. We were asleep. Maybe next time there’s a noise  complaint try sending someone up to that floor to find out what room it’s coming from instead of calling the room at 6:00 AM that you think it’s coming from. We actually didn’t hear anything coming from our floor.
The rest of the staff was incredibly helpful and nice.

Lovely hotel, very homey. Beautiful location. Loved the fire pits and smores! Excellent service and communication when booking an event and using this property as the host hotel.

The best experience at this hotel. Every time is a great time here specially for my kids. The s’mores experience outside is so cool.

Great hotel and nice people. Service eas good and they had great coffee for guests. Rooms were good.

Breakfast buffet wasn't great, can get the same thing for free at other hotel chains. The fitness center was probably the worst I've ever seen. Broken bench that doesn't adjust and 4 pairs of random weight dumbells.

This Holiday Inn location is the place to stay when in Estes Park. The decor is local and charming. The staff, especially Jae and Daniel, are exceptional. The buffet breakfast was delicious and staff attentive. The hotel pays attention to the little details, down to the s'mores they provide and the binoculars and walking sticks provided if needed to touring around RMNP. This is your spot!

Outstanding staff, especially Jae and Daniel, and definitely an elevated experience. Great attention to detail with fire pits, chairs and s’mores. Rooms include binoculars and walking stick for use around town and at RMNP. Easy access to all of Estes without feeling in the busy part of town. Excellent overall experience!

Congested rooms and exhaust less bathroom.
Location is convenient..

The front desk host was very friendly and extremely professional. He really cares about his job. Free s'mores is a major plus too

stayed overnight to visit Rocky mountain national park. perfect place to rest and easy access to town and the park.

Besides no free breakfast we were very impressed with this hotel. The rooms were decent and very clean. I have to shout out Jeff at the front desk. He was so kind and helpful! Our room had a balcony over the indoor pool which I thought was cool because we could check how busy it was or check in on our teens from the room. The pool temp was great and the hot tub was nice and hot. Both are open till 11 and there is a little game room that’s always open. They also give guest a s’more kit to enjoy at the fire pits out front. There is a bar and restaurant that we didn’t get the chance to check out but seemed pretty good. Oh one more thing there is a machine in the lobby that grinds fresh coffee beans and brews coffee that you are welcome to all day and night along with fresh fruit infused water. We 100% will be back!

Ok rooms and service was good. Their digital communications with guest were the best I've seen. But the downer was that for close to $300 for a night there, no free breakfast! I've paid less for more at other HIEs.

It was good in all respect. No complaints at all. Had a wonderful 3 nights stay.
One suggestion for improvisation at hotel’s end. During my stay I had to buy laundry detergent from the kiosk next to front desk. But no one was in attendance. Another family was already waiting for 10 minutes for someone to help them with whatever they wanted. After they left without being helped, I waited for 5 minutes, but no one came. I then called the front desk number from my cell, and immediately one person came out from one of the inner rooms. I paid for the detergent. All good. Now here is the thing - the hotel should either have a desk bell to alert the hotel staff if they are in inner rooms, or there should be a small board which says,  “will be back at HH:MM” so that people are not left hanging not knowing whether someone will be helping them. This is not a unique suggestion. I have seen this practice in many hotels. Sometimes, the front desk staff is alone and they may have to attend other back office calls. I don’t blame them. However, letting the guests know that someone will attend to them soon, makes the wait meaningful.

Nice hotel for the area but lacking in several areas including the breakfast buffet which isn’t cheap and is essentially the equivalent of what you can find at a holiday inn express. Outdated hotel as well. High price point.

It was okay, but for the price and being a platinum elite member it fell very short. They basically offered nothing well 500 points. Not impressed

The pool was comfortably warm, the hot tub was relaxing, the smores were tasty. Aside from the renovations they were doing, I have no complaints.

The hotel is in a great location.  The staff is very friendly and helpful. The outside has numerous firepits with Adirondack chairs and they offer smores at no charge. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. The breakfast buffet is okay, but I do not feel it is a good value at almost $18.00.  I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Denver near the Airport, which includes a complimentary breakfast buffet, and it was better than the $18 buffet at Estes Park.  I would recommend an included breakfast buffet or a lower cost as $18.00 is high, especially for people who do not want a large breakfast.

There is no fresh air in the room. Windows are locked

We had a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn in Estes Park! The room was clean and comfortable, and the location made it easy to enjoy the beauty of the area. I especially want to give a huge shout-out to Jeff at the front desk, who made our check-in experience fantastic. He was warm, welcoming, and incredibly helpful — a great first impression that really set the tone for our visit.

We also happened to see Jeff handle an extremely difficult guest in the lobby, and I was genuinely impressed by his patience, professionalism, and grace under pressure. Holiday Inn is lucky to have him — he’s a true asset to the team. Thank you for a great experience!

We recently used the Holiday Inn Estes Park for a room block during our wedding weekend and Elise made the whole process so easy. The hotel was perfect and so convenient for our guests!

Very nice hotel in the center of Estes Park. They gave us complimentary s'mores kits every night and free coffee, water, tea, and hot chocolate. The pool was fantastic, same for the game room. I only wish they offered breakfast for cheaper or just include it with the stay. The service was perfect and everything was very nice and helpful. It made our short vacation even better!

We had a great experience during our stay. The staff was super helpful, responsive and friendly. The hotel was perfect for our family, lots to do. We enjoyed the pool area, game room and fire pits. The rooms were smaller in size but they were clean. Would highly recommend staying here.

Friendly Staff. The kids loved the pool and game room

They have a great staff and are very welcoming! Everything was clean and cozy. It is conveniently located close to downtown. The room was clean, and the beds were super comfortable! I can't wait to go back!

We love this hotel for a quick and fun getaway! The swimming pool, game room, and location are guaranteed enjoyment. The staff has always been wonderful and the hotel is in the process of updating the rooms so we look forward to seeing what those look like the next time we come back. I would recommend this hotel to people of all ages!

Very nice, large room with fireplace and couch seating. Surprised with binoculars and walking stick for hiking supplies in room. S’mores kit to use at fire pits was a nice surprise. Starbucks coffee in Lobby. Responsive staff

Decent hotel with a nice pool and other amenities such as fire pits, a game room, and 24hr coffee/cocoa. The location is decent but getting in and out of the parking lot can be tricky if there is a lot of traffic. The rooms are in need of updating, but it looked like they were remodeling the upstairs rooms by the pool. Having a room looking at the pool doesn't mean you can access the pool from the room, you just get a little balcony and are subject to the noise. The pool is open till 11pm with a projector playing, so it's a good thing my family are night owls, otherwise we would have had trouble getting to sleep! The restaurant isn't great, especially if you have dietary restrictions.

This hotel was excellent, my kid loved the game room and s'mores experience! The ambiance was lovely, there was free hot chocolate available in the lobby and the swimming pool was warm and so fun! Great stay and would definitely recommend!

We had a great stay, comfortable rooms, plenty of entertainment, and close to everything. The staff Qasim all so very nice.

Hotel is clean, ALL the staff was great, the pool was a great area they play moves and stay opened, free game room. The only reason I didn’t give the 5 stars is because there was construction going on that woke us and because the sheets weren’t super soft.

I stayed here recently with my family (toddler, baby, spouse) and we had the best time! The staff was all so friendly, rooms were clean and comfortable, the pool and game room were a hit with our toddler, and the food was good! When our toddler got hurt the manager was so quick to jump in and get him a bandaid and help to cheer him up! Fantastic place to stay and we will definitely stay again if we return.

This hotel is truly one of the best in Colorado! It is the perfect location to walk to the lake, dog park, downtown, and all of the restaurants. We love all the amenities within the hotel, and we are always greeted to set up our vacation on the best foot.

My fourth floor tower room was so recently remodeled that it looked brand new. The bed was super comfy and the design was very calming. I love that you provide a walking stick and binoculars. Also, although I did not partake, I loved that you provided the campsite s'mores experience.  The bathroom was beautiful and comfortable as well. No microwave in the room, but there was a fridge. I have noticed that more and more hotels are opting out of in-room microwaves.  If I had to criticize anything, the lighting was dim and could not be changed. For night time, and first thing in the morning, it would be helpful to have overhead lights. The breakfast buffet was way above the customary cereal and milk offerings at other hotels I have stayed in. I never used the pool because it had this weird disco like lighting. I have a brain injury and just observing gave me a headache.

Highly underrated. Super friendly staff all around. Very clean with lots of entertainment. Nice pool area. Really cool game room with some classics as well as ping pong/pool etc. Highly recommend.

Was a nice hotel with plenty of amenities! Loves the lobby with the fireplace and the fire pits outsides and the pinball and shuffleboard was a cool touch. Definitely we’ll be back

The Holiday Inn in Estes Park, Colorado, is my go-to place and has been for years! I’ve stayed here hundreds of times, and it never disappoints. On my most recent visit, I brought my dog along, and it was such a great experience. The newly remodeled rooms are beautiful and super comfortable, and the accommodations are always top-notch. Plus, the pool is absolutely awesome – a perfect spot to relax after a day of exploring. I can’t say enough good things about this hotel. A lot of great memories, and I’ll keep coming back for many more stays!

Jae at the front desk was exceptional! Thoughtful, flexible, friendly and kind. The foyer smelled fantastic. Cute hanging bird nest swings. Awesome fire pit for s'mores. Thanks for making my birthday weekend extra special!

The hotel is pretty big and located at an excellent location in Estes Park. The bar and food was great, and the folks at the front desk was nice. Room was above average. The bathroom was a little small with the clean towels stored in the shower, which was a little odd. But, that is because the bathroom had little room. The bed was pretty hard. Had a hard time getting some good sleep.

We stayed here for my son’s birthday. This has become a tradition and he loves staying there. Darrius at the front desk was amazing and our server was great in the restaurant. The rooms were clean and the hotel was also very clean.

Daniel was incredible helping us out and making sure we're were taken of! Somebody give that man a raise!!!

Un bel hotel. Forse troppo caro.

This was our first time staying at this hotel and we would absolutely return. The hotel was clean and updated with countless amenities that made our stay and keeping our kids happy easy. We stayed in a pet friendly room and were not bothered by any noise from other dogs or hotel patrons. Staff were incredibly helpful. Highly recommend this hotel.

Good location, nice view, friendly helpful staff, quiet, quiet efficient climate system.



Hard mattresses, did not sleep well, tiny bathroom with no counter space, fan, and had abrasive toilet paper. No microwave. Only one mirror, dirty coffee maker.

My husband and I have stayed at this property numerous times. This was our first time staying after being rebranded to a Holiday Inn (the ownership stayed the same). We booked a mountain view King ADA room. The check-in process was easy and were given a room on the 4th floor, odd considering I booked an ADA room. Upon entering the room it was clear that it had not been cleaned since the previous guest checked out. Went back to the front desk and Daniel, front desk person, apologized and quickly moved us to a new room, again on the 4th floor. Upon waking up the next morning and getting ready we noticed the duvet had numerous stains on it. Additionally, the wall outlets on half of the room didn't work, 2 of the lamps were also not functioning, and there was limited toilet paper and no tissues. We don't normally ask for managers, but we felt they needed to be made aware of the situation. Krista Davis, GM and the head housekeeper (forgot her name) came to our room within a few minutes of calling. They both took full ownership of the issues and assured us that a new room, on the 1st floor, would be arranged. They went above and beyond and upgraded us to a 1 bedroom suite! After the change to the first floor our stay was perfection! While it would be easy to give a lower rating, having people who take accountability and make things "right" deserve grace and recognition. We enjoyed ourselves so much, we extended an extra night! They provide binoculars, walking sticks, and smores at night! The pool and hot tub are clean and welcomed after a day of hiking or walking around Estes. We will stay here again and hope to see the folks who made it such a great experience in the future! Thanks again for everything, Michelle and Chris

Great family hotel. Maybe the best I’ve been to.  Pool and hot tub were super clean and lots of fun. 9’ deep end for canon balls!

Close to Rocky Mountain National Park.

This place offers a lot for families or just to have fun. It's an older place but they have made great updates. We have been multiple times now and will return. Staff are friendly. Room was clean and cozy.

The pool was great, smores kit and fire pit great, staff are awesome, dining is convenient but not that great of choices or price

I was extremely happy that my family and I stayed at this hotel. I would recommend this establishment especially with the game room and pool atmosphere for the kids.

Exceptional! From the spacious and fun pool area to the convenient restaurant (great food!!!) in the lobby, we loved everything about our stay. The front desk was so friendly and the Starbucks machine in the lobby was such a great perk! We’re already planning our next trip back to this hotel. Love it!

My family of 3 had a wonderful time at the Holiday Inn in Estes Park for an overnight visit. There was plenty to do for everyone and everything was clean and orderly. The pool area was clean and the water was warm and the jacuzzi was deep and heated well. Jeff, at the front desk, was lovely and friendly as well.

Location is perfect for walking distance to the main street of Estes Park.  Good and quiet neighborhood. Nice and friendly staff. Great fire pits for making smores. Outstanding Starbucks kiosk for coffee.

The scenery around the hotel is absolutely breathtaking. Nestled among picturesque landscapes, the views alone make it worth a visit. The rooms are decent but nothing to write home about. You are offered shelves to store luggage, a mini fridge, loose outlets for phone charging, and your average Dove body products. The amenities are average. The gym is small and the pool area could be better maintained. The HVAC system squeeled the ENTIRE time we were there; you could hear it from inside your room with the movie playing! The service was a bit of a letdown. The staff seemed indifferent and not particularly eager to assist. None of the staff would say Hi or interact with you. While the stunning scenery is a major plus, the overall experience was just okay. If you're looking for a place with great views and don't mind average service and rooms, it might be worth considering.

Great staff, pool, and location! The comfort of the bed ruined our experience and will not return until they invest in new mattresses.

Really great staff, especially Sandi the Barmaid.  Made to feel appreciated and welcome.
Eveningng meal a little disappointing.  I had the turkey and cheese on a brioche.  Not very hot and lacked seasoning.

Buffet breakfast again , needed to be hotter.  French toast soggy and tasteless. Fresh baked pastries however were superb!!

Really enjoyed my time here! Beautiful property with a great hot tub and pool. We enjoyed being so close to downtown. Great views of the mountains as well! Jeffrey at the front desk was welcoming and kind. Will definitely stay again!

AMAZING SERVICE!
I absolutely enjoyed my stay at this holiday inn! Prices not bad for location VERY BEAUTIFUL VIEWS!
The food was also very good! Amazing service from shawn! 💞

The pool was closed because it's top cold outside, so whoever designed an indoor pool in Colorado not able to handle cold weather is a genius. Blinds are broken and won't cover all the windows. The bathroom exhaust fan is broken along with the light, bathroom soap dispenser falling off the wall. For some reason the clean towel rack for all the clean unused towels is in the shower???

My favorite hotel I've stayed at, bar none! Great location, fun amenities, and friendly staff made my weekend stay just that much better.

The best hotel for us and our three kids!!! We stayed in the larger suite. The pool was super cool for the kids and the game room!! Jeff was AMAZING! He deserves a raise!!! Very cool! They gave a voucher for smores- kids under 12 ate for free!

Staying at this hotel was a nightmare due to extremely thin walls and noisy guests, making sleep nearly impossible. Despite being moved to a nicer room, it was located next to the laundry facility, where dryers ran all night. While the proximity to Rocky Mountain National Park was a plus, the overall experience did not justify the price. If you need peace and quiet, I’d recommend looking elsewhere.

I have been bringing my grandsons here for a few years and they enjoy it so much we try to get back a couple times a year. They love the pool and game room and we all love the convenient location. It’s such a great getaway destination!

Staying at this hotel was a nightmare due to extremely thin walls and noisy guests, making sleep nearly impossible. Despite being moved to a nicer room, it was located next to the laundry facility, where dryers ran all night. While the proximity to Rocky Mountain National Park was a plus, the overall experience did not justify the price. If you need peace and quiet, I’d recommend looking elsewhere.

Came her was rudely greeted by Veronica, this gentleman or women unsure..has no customer service skills and was extremely rude and unprofessional. Seemed upset to do his job and if so Veronica should find some where else to work that doesn’t include customer service if he’s so upset there. Not the kind of service you should be getting for the money paid here.

We will never stay here again.  We didn’t get the rooms with enough beds. Gave us an air mattress and it didn’t hold air.  Didn’t have anything. 3 of us shared on bed.  The breakfast buffet was NOT a buffet. There was some cereal but no milk.  There was a little fruit. I had 3 pieces of pineapple there was nothing else. Very bad.  Then the hot tub was disgusting as well as the swimming pool.   I would never recommend this hotel to anyone.  I usually give good reviews but I have to be honest.

Wow! Among the best hotel with amenities we’ve stayed at. Kids and adults both loved it! Pool was wonderful (had toys to play with provided!), we were given a s’mores set bag to use at the 3 large fire pits, and the game room was wonderful. We will definitely be back again. Room was comfortable and front desk was beyond helpful and accommodating!

Rooms were nice and clean!

The bed was comfy, temperature easy to regulate, and the shower was great

Perfect place to stay for a weekend getaway. We really enjoyed the bon fires in the evening and visiting with other guests. Front desk staff was extremely helpful and accommodating. Will come back

Comfortable hotel rooms, nice lobby, and fancy, fun amenities on site. We loved the industrial Sodastrem in the lobby, gameroom, and pool on site. We cannot wait to stay again, next time with our child.

The staff was great very courteous especially Daniel

Welcoming staff and beautiful hotel in a gorgeous setting.

This hotel is always great! Amenities are exceptional. They have a pool, they give a free s’mores kit, there is a game room… We took advantage of all of it and it was lovely :-).

My first trip to Colorado was made even more memorable by staying at the Holiday Inn in Estes Park. From the moment we arrived, the warm and welcoming atmosphere, both within the hotel and in the surrounding area, set the tone for a great experience. The staff were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable, always eager to help with recommendations and make us feel right at home. Our room was comfortable and cool, and we were lucky enough to have a stunning view of the mountains, which was the perfect backdrop for a relaxing stay. We only tried the breakfast during our stay, but it was fantastic—definitely a highlight! Overall, I’d highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Estes Park for the first time or returning for more adventures.

Overall the hotel was very nice.  The front lounge area was very cozy.  Also, the pool and game room are great enhancements for families with kids.  Our TV remote and phone didn't work, but the staff was quick to come and fix the problem.  The bed was a little too hard for my liking.  The heating unit was a bit loud too.

I've stayed at other hotels in Estes Park and this place is my favorite! I'll stay here my next visit. The flashy lights in the pool area are a bit odd but the indoor pool and hot tub were definitely a plus!

I was extremely unhappy with the quality of the hotel. Amenity fee charged for very little and for things other hotels supply automatically.  my room was essentially in the basement, next to a fire door with a sign that says keep closed and was propped open. Would never ever recommend staying at this hotel.

The stay was excellent, I have no issues and would recommend this hotel

We came for our 1 year wedding anniversary. We expected to eat around town more but ended up eatting pretty much always at the hotel restaurant. The staff is amazing, sweet and attentive. The food is beyond delicious and will leave to wanting more. I highly recommend it.

Staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet was not all that great for the cost of it could have had more options. The overall cleanliness of the rooms and hotel were great. Like I stated before the bed could have been more comfortable.

Went here for a business conference and the conference room was very nice. The hotel rooms were comfortable and clean. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful especially Brandon who helped me get some breakfast when I was running late.

The hotel was in a perfect location. The hotel was clean and had a lot of amenities.  The rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly.

Overall great property, great for kids and couples. Easy access to everything the area has to offer.

Staff very friendly and helpful. Great amenities if you have kids including s’mores, big pool, and game room. Refinements would be didn’t realize you could get this cheap of toilet paper unless in a government facility and showers very small. Overall very clean and would stay at again if in the area.

We loved Jeff at the front desk
 He was a great person to meet at checkin. His service was top notch and we would be bringing our family back again.
The resort beds were great and it was quiet all around the resort

Loved this hotel for its location and the things that it offered.  It was a great stay overall and the free pinball machine in the lobby was a great addition to the things to do on site.  It was so close to the national park which made it easy to get to.

Thank you for having a room on such short notice. Love the firepit!!

Nice hotel and property. Very clean, we enjoyed the pool area and dining.  Very quiet for a good night's sleep.

Location was convenient, clean, and affordable. They offer free bikes to ride and have a fireplace outside. Free coffee and sodastream. Rooms were a little small. No microwaves in the rooms but in the lobby.

The hotel staff were great! Free pinball in the lobby and coffee/tea. We got a voucher for s’mores and the kids loved that feature at the fire pits. Pool was fun, choosing an updated cartoon or movie would be recommended the kids didn’t like The Jetsons which played on repeat! Room was clean but older, TV channels were great but difficult to navigate (remote wasn’t working) the hotel was fun for the kids but pricey almost $400 for a standard double and entire property smelled like dogs! Overall it was a nice stay but wouldn’t stay beyond 1 night.

Very nice place to stay while visiting Estes park.   Walkable.  Plenty of amenities for kids.  Dog friendly and staff was welcoming when we arrived

Great hotel in Estes Park for families or those traveling with pets. Large warm pool and fun game room.

Loved how close we were to the golf course where the elk were bugling.  The walking stick and binoculars were a great touch.  My friend loved the fire pit and smores.

Location was excellent for getting to Rocky Mountain National Park

Clean rooms, friendly staff and s'mores!

This hotel was 337.00 for a night. No elevator, holes in curtains, no updated furniture, hallways not well lit. Very drab and run down. Avoid if you can

Loud ac, small bathroom, uncomfortable bed and pillows

We were disappointed with our stay.  We came for my Daughter’s wedding.  After a long day (wedding day) we couldn’t even get into our room & had to get front desk help to have our keycards reactivated.  Most frustrating!

Location was great proximity to downtown shopping, The Stanley and RMNP.

Just gross. Previous guest’s used nicotine pouch sitting on the headboard. Long black hairs on the bathroom floor (neither of us have long black hair). TV doesn’t work. Alarm clock went off in the middle of the night. Booked a mountain view room, didn’t get it. Asked to speak to manager and was told they would be in around 10am the next day (must be nice).

We stayed one night and it was nice.  Check in was great, staff was friendly and helpful.  Great location!

Arrived a few hours before check in and were able to get our room early which was nice after traveling for 2 days. The room was small but that is what was available at the time of booking. I would stay here again.

From the walking stick & binoculars in the room to the Elk fun facts in the elevator to the lobby information, the hotel was customized for Estes Park. The complimentary Smores package & fire pit was a nice perk. We were also treated to a family of Elk in the parking lot

Money needs to be spent on upgrading the rooms.  Everything is outdated.  Also need to tint the windows facing the sun.  It became extremely warm in the room during the day.  The AC also did not respond when we adjusted the buttons.  Our room was clean for the most part, however the vent on the AC and the vent in the bathroom were visibly dirty.  My wife and I don't suffer from allergies, however, we both woke up every day with congestion.  We assume it was from the dirty vents.  We also did not sleep well the first night as we didn't use the comforter since it was stained.  We also had stains on the towels and washcloths.  The staff's response to our request for a new comforter was unacceptable.  It took them 3 hours and 3 phone calls to finally bring us a blanket, telling us they had no more comforters.  We were in room 404.  Also, the men's bathroom near the lobby smelled like a port-a-potty.  We will not stay again and will not recommend this hotel to friends for all of the above reasons.

We stayed there for 5 nights as a family of 3 with a kid. The staff at the hotel and the restaurant were extremely courteous. They have awesome amenities like a clean swimming pool, game room , Starbucks coffee and a soda machine. Upon check in we were given a coupon which we redeemed for a s’mores kit. Kiddo had lot of fun doing s’mores in the campfire. Thank you for making our stay amazing

It was great! Made some great new friends around the fire pit. Definetely highly recommended. Thank you

This is a very nice hotel with great amenities (bikes for use, fire pits with items for s'mores, swimming pool with movies playing on a large screen, etc.).  The onsite restaurant was good, but a little on the pricey side.  The location is great - within walking distance of downtown Estes Park.

The front desk won’t listen and/or provide any solution until Book.com reaches out.

Wouldn’t let me out of my last night of the reservation. Never got a call back from the manager the following day like I was promised. Talked to 3 different people at the front desk, none of them were helpful. Never stay at this location again. Makes me want to stop using IHG hotels for all my travel moving forward.

Room was dirty and in poor repair. Surprise amenities charge at check in to the tune of $85. Breakfast is not included. Fire pits were a nice touch but not necessarily family friendly, we saw only adults  sitting by the fires drinking alcohol and smoking various things. Was awkward  trying to make smores with my daughter  We played in the game room for a bit but it was dirty and in poor repair. We did not use the pool or hot tub but it looked like a nice area with plenty of chairs and a large projector screen playing TV shows. I expected a lot more for $300+ a night. Probably won't stay again.

Amenities were great, including the pool, hot tub, game room, and complimentary smores kits. We have a 1 and 3 year old and they enjoyed the stay. We saw elk and deer right outside of our window in September.

The room was very clean. I've always enjoyed staying there as the location is very convenient. The staff was friendly for the most part.

We had a great time! Had everything we needed for my wife and two kids!

We originally booked the Ridgeline for our wedding block and rehearsal dinner and became initially nervous when they were bought by Holiday Inn shortly after. Our gut feeling was right and we should have canceled when we had the chance. It is safe to say that we were left extremely disappointed and really the only thing that went wrong with our wedding was dealing with Holiday Inn. The saving grace of the Holiday Inn was Daniel and the Catering Team. I have detailed out our review below:

-Rebecca was our group sales manager and communication was virtually absent. We were told that she was wearing multiple hats since the change of ownership. As a result, her management should be recognizing these issues and helping her. Instead, she was left to handle dozens of things and stretched too thin which caused us significantly more stress. I will add that when we finally met with her days before the event took place, she stepped up into high gear and created a terrific event for us. I have all the faith in the world that if Rebecca gets the opportunity to spread responsibility around a bit more that she could be very successful in her position.

-Room block and Front Desk: Tyson was the front desk manager. His attitude to hotel work is probably the same that I would have, which is why I don't work in hospitality. I brought our gift bags to the front desk and the clerks were unsure what to do so, they got Tyson from the back. He had a clear expression of annoyance and treated us as such. Furthermore, some of the gift bags were not handed out and I had to go bring them to people directly. We had multiple issues with room scheduling for some of our vendors, although I was told it was handled when on the phone with their staff, it was not. One of our vendors had to use their own credit card on an already paid for room and another vendor got assigned a room belonging to my bride's brothers resulting in them having to rebook a room when they arrived at a higher rate. As a result, I had to go to the front desk two more times because every time I was on the phone, I was told no manager was available and that the clerks could not resolve the problem without manager approval. Unfortunately, if we had more communication with Holiday Inn from the start, these issues would not have arose.

-We were initially told about a free shuttle at the Ridgeline which went away with Holiday Inn, which required us to rent a bus last minute from NoCo bus rentals which were great!

-Breakfast is just shy of $20 a plate but, the food is good, I was told!

-Daniel was the nicest and kindest clerk that we met. He was incredibly helpful and it was apparent he tried his hardest to help us with our issues. It is hotel work and it is not glamorous I imagine but, Daniel had knack for enjoying people and it showed. All compliments to him!

-The saving grace of the Holiday Inn was the catering. I wish I would have written down the names of each person from the catering department because they exemplified the definition of customer service and incredible food. Many of our guests commented how unique and incredible the food options were and the staff were attentive. When my grandmother didn't have her Martini makings and our favorite whiskey wasn't at their bar, they took the steps to resolve it immediately and I was left more than impressed.

Regrettably, we did not have a great experience with the management team at Holiday Inn. Each issue that arose was settled with us paying more money or debating what the emails we had said. I will say that issues were resolved but it took extended time. Our guests did not find their rooms special and unique to a tourist destination, instead a bit dirty and on par with a budget motel. Unfortunately, the Holiday Inn is not a budget motel. Rooms were over 200 dollars a night, even with a room block rate. We had to go and visit the hotel in person on about 5 occasions to actually make anything happen after we had already booked everything. I would not personally use Holiday Inn - Estes Park in the near future.

Spent two nights in the hotel for a friend's wedding. It was my first time in the are so it was really great to be in a pretty central location (downtown was a 10-15 minute walk away). The hotel itself was fairly standard fair - though the common area was cozy and the firepit and complementary s'mores are a great idea. Didn't spend much time in my room, but it was clean and a nice place to retire to after a long day. Each room comes with binoculars and a walking stick to borrow too!

I am an IHG Silver Elite member. I have stayed at many IHG properties, but I will not return to this one unless they notify me that the problems have been corrected. I stayed in room 410 on September 25, 2024. Without a desk chair and either a desk or a table, it was very uncomfortable to check email or do anything on my laptop. I tried kneeling in front of the table, but my 72 year-old knees started hurting.  Trying to get wet by taking a shower is very difficult in this room. The shower head only points in one direction and is not adjustable. However, the direction it points is where some idiot contractor installed a grab bar in the exact same space. That contractor had no plans to take a shower in that room. The grab bar needs to be moved out of the way. The breakfast and the room are both over-priced.

The hotel setting is great… the fire pits are a good place to relax in the evening. The bedding on one of the beds was not clean, so it felt like a cheap rate motel at that point. Be prepared to pay for your amenities too.

Staff was very helpful. I've stay in a couple of other places in estes similar priced. Holiday inn was by far my best choice.

The staff was great. The room is very dark I had to use my flashlight to see. Pillows were very hard and pillowcase was on inside out. Food and drink are very expensive. $15 a night for amenities which we didn't use anything except one bag of s'mores

For the price paid to stay at this property, I would have expected it to be more than mediocre at best.  We stayed in the annexed part where the rooms were dated, drains didn't work, air conditioner was extremely loud, neighbors could be heard clearly, and things were held together with tape.  The loccation was nice, but I have honestly never been more dissapointed with a hotel stay.  Much like the rest of Estes Park, this property is just a cash grab.

Nice and clean hotel, but note that they do charge an extra "amenity fee" each day.  I've never seen Holiday Inn do this previously.  Staff was unwilling to refund the fee even though I arrive late in the evening and checked out early the next day stating "We fully disclose this fee online" which I simply do not remember seeing.

This place is old and rundown. I can't believe it's part of the IHG family. It certainly isn't up to the IHG standards of the majority of their locations. Our original room was "pool view" little did we know that the hotel blared Nickleodeon cartoons poolside with epileptic-inducing strobe lights every night until 11:00 p.m. We booked this place because of the proximity to RMNP. We are early hikers and get to bed early to get an early start. After getting re-located to a "pet-friendly" room (we don't have pets, that is all they would offer us) we learned that our new room didn't have elevator access. What IHG hotel doesn't have elevators to their guest rooms? Estes Park, that's who. Our new room in the "kennel" hallway, was a disaster. Hallways to the rooms were filthy the whole time we were there. A dirty fork and knife sat outside one room for over three days before it was removed. Exterior doors were never locked. Anyone can access the building. Ceiling texture in the room falling down in the bedroom area near the window by what appeared to be water damage. Telephone not functional. Bathroom vent fan looked like it hadn't been wiped off or cleaned ever. We did that our selves. No television remote when we arrived. Took one in person request and another on my personal cell phone after an hour waiting to finally get one delivered. Major water leak in the wall behind the shower every time it was turned on. Flooded the bathroom floor. Can't imagine what the room below us looks like. Yes, we told the front desk. Finally, every other Holiday Inn we've stayed at has Angel Soft multiply toilet paper in their bathrooms. Not Estes Park. They have the cheapest single-ply TP that they could find in theirs. And we paid over $2,800 for a seven-night stay at this dump. I wish I had read the reviews of this old run-down location before booking. I just figured it was a typical Holiday Inn. It's not. I learned the hard way. Never again will I stay at this place. One good note is that the restaurant isn't bad. But you have to pay for your own breakfast. ~$18 a head.

Perfect location for the hotel close to Estes and to Rocky Mountain national park. On-site amenities such as the fire pits and restaurant were great but the rooms left a little to be desired and were a tad out dated.

I paid $480 for 1 night for an old, musty, dated room in the BASEMENT of the hotel.   They called it the first floor.   No, it was in a dingy basement with about 8 rooms down there.  Talk about it price gouging.  I wouldn’t have done it if I didn’t need to find a room last minute.  The staff were all very friendly.

Able to make an instant reservation on the fly and the restaurant was great, the staff were super nice and helpful. It had a really nice pool area which I did not use. The room felt a little dated and the bathroom could use a little bit more deeper cleaning, but overall for being outside Rocky National, it was a really good place to rest and shower after a long drive.

The staff was friendly and efficient. The property is very dated. The doors are heavy and hard to open. The inside is a maze of hallways with some stairs. The bathroom is simply not okay by today’s standards. The rooms are not designed for comfort.

I liked the location of the property and its proximity to the national park, I think the room needs a bit more attention to show better upkeep.  The beds were comfortable and the room clean, but new lighting, fixtures, fix the curtain panel, the tub handle was quite loose and having a microwave oven in the room would have been nice.

Nice rooms, beautiful pool, fire pits, game room…all great. Would definitely recommend this hotel. Friendly staff!

Sheets has hair all over them, when calling the front desk, the employee said that this was normal and from the dryer. When asking the attendant who came to the room to change the sheets, he said this was not normal and the sheets were not originally changed

The main hotel and lobby area are beautiful. We received a room in the building behind the hotel. It is old, run down, and poor quality. The bed was uncomfortable and the shower had no water pressure. The remodeling was poorly done parts of the subfloor showing where the new floor doesn't meet the wall. The building smells and is creepy. Not the quality expected for the price. Not what expected when booking a Holiday Inn hotel.

I will not stay at this location again. Experience was terrible.

We stayed for 5 nights. They refused to service our room for the entire stay. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. The mattress was not secured on the frame, which was easily exposed. I'm leaving with bruises on both my shins because of this.

Pool had disco lights over it that had no way of turning them off, so it is not good for sensory children. Hot tub didn't work.

The conference room was too cold, many people attending had to go purchase warmer clothing.

Breakfast buffet was a terrible value, even with kids eat free.

Very modern hotel, late arrival but check in was easy and friendly desk clerk and good customer care to room.

Did not do as promised and refund room difference in price

I loved the amenities provided at this hotel, it was a great place to stay while visiting Rocky Mountain National Park. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. I loved the s'mores kit provided that we could enjoy in the fire pit area and loved that there was an indoor pool. The room was a bit outdated but not a huge issue.

The hotel is in a good location, close to the main street without being right on it. Lobby was nice. Annoyed at the $15 a night extra fee, which I don't even know what it covers, WiFi maybe? Maybe the free marshmallow?

I read that it had a breakfast buffet, but when we went down, it was $18 per person. Looking at the food; it looked like the same "bulk" made food that's included at all the other hotels for free, nothing special.  If you're going to spend $40+ on breakfast, may as well make it a quality one in town.

Our mountain view room had a nice view and was quiet, but was not exactly the cleanest room we've been in. We noticed multiple finger nails on the carpet when we first arrived, and they were still there after our room was cleaned. Bathroom vents could use some clearing too as visible gunk of was on the vent fins. The toilet paper was paper thin and very low quality; something my GF was annoyed about.

In all, it was quiet, but overpriced for what it is. With so many other choices, I'm not sure I'd stay here again.

Don’t be fooled by the outside of this place, it’s absolutely beautiful when you walk in! We just stayed 1 night here so we could shower and not sleep in the car. Free Starbucks, sparkling water and pinball right when you walk in! Everyone was nice! The pool was huge and deep (9ft)! Room was clean and updated. We ate in the restaurant in the lobby late night, food was out literally within 5 minutes of ordering and was very good! Got a burger and a quesadilla (which is HUGE). Hotel is pretty close to downtown walking maybe like a 8 minute walk. Would definitely stay here again!!

This is probably one of the best Holiday Inn hotels I've stayed. The lobby was inviting for adults and children with the swings, pinball machine, and coffee readily available. There was a full-sized game room with ping pong, billiards and more arcade games. Pool was a nice large area. My only slight disappointment was the size of my room. I'm in a wheelchair but can walk some/short distances. Bathroom was nice and big with a seat in the large shower and adjustable/removable shower head which I appreciated. A++ on the bathroom.

The check in clerk was great.  We ate supper at the hotel restaurant.  It was above average and we thought was a good price.  Our room was on the small side.  The handicap bathroom did not have a sit down shower seat, all of the brackets were there for it.  The breakfast buffet was grossly over priced for the quality of the food.  All of the hot food was cold, except for the bagel that I toasted.  The check out did not go so smooth though.

I booked well in advance of our stay and specifically asked for a mountain view. The 'view' was the parking lot, courtyard, a huge metal electrical tower and a sliver of the mountains. We were placed right next to the elevator, which was extremely loud when in use, which was many times throughout the night. After checking into the room, I went to front desk to ask for a different room, had to tell them I was a rewards member and explained why I wanted to switch. I was sarcastically told, 'all the rooms are mountain view of some sort'. I was then provided an extra 'smores coupon' to make up for it, we were originally given one ticket for two of us. Never been treated as poorly at a Holiday Inn as at this one. Thank heavens the bartenders were awesome.

Good quiet location, comfortable beds, decent amenities, a lot of parking available

When checking in, the counter person seemed insistent on finding us a King Room, and we told him we were content to have a queen bed room.  He said he would keep looking and would notify if a King Room came available.  Well, once stepped into the hallway that took us to our room, we felt a change in the appearance of the otherwise elegant hotel.  Carpet old, and there was a musky smell.  Our room wasn't any better. It was dark with poor lighting, the bathroom very small, the adjoining room door did not completely close, the air conditioner was not working well, and it was off the indoor pool with no windows to the outside. For the price we paid for two nights, we were definitely not happy.  That counter person never got back to us.  Others we knew stayed on upper floors where they seemed very content with their rooms.  If you stay at this hotel, do not stay on the main floor.

Pulled into town on a Thursday & was able to walk in a get a room for the night.  Easy drive to all you want to see in the area.. clean rooms, quiet place & slept like a baby!

All over my experience is great, customer service is good and clerk are all nice, the price a little higher compared others

We stayed 2 nights and enjoyed the playing ping ping and pool in the game room. We did not have a chance to swim, but noticed that other guests were watching a show while in the pool. That looked like fun. They also offer free smores kits to make smores by the fire. We enjoyed the friendly service and staff and the breakfast buffet was ok. It was nice to wake up and see elk and deer right across the street! 
Our pet friendly room was clean but the hallway leading to it was dark and felt like it needed a refresher.

Everything was wonderful from the moment we walked in - from the greeting at check-in to the breakfast foods, smore's freebies & awesome dinner options. The only thing I believe could have made this hotel stay better would be an update to the building itself, furniture, bed, pillows. They were all pretty dated.

This is a typical Holiday Inn. The lobby is well decorated and welcoming. There are a few free games which my daughter enjoyed. There is complimentary sparkling water and Starbucks coffee. The food at the restaurant was consistently good. Our room was in the back building which was a little hike to the lobby. The room walls are thin and we could hear the conversations of the guests in the adjoining room. The pool and the pool area was clean and had plenty of seating. There are several fees added to the  room rate and for two nights I paid over $600 and that's with my IHG member rate. If I return to Estes Park I would most likely stay somewhere else.

Avoid this place at all costs—it's a complete nightmare. I booked a one-night stay through Priceline, and upon arrival, they hit me with a $15 resort fee plus tax, which supposedly covers a walking stick, binoculars, and taffy. Really? Priceline is usually clear about extra fees, but this one wasn't mentioned. I asked them to remove it, but they refused. The moment you step inside, you're hit with the smell of a musty men's locker room. My room had holes in the walls and was absolutely filthy. The place is old, outdated, and not well-maintained. To make matters worse, the TV in the room was broken, and I had to fix it myself. To top it off, I was woken up repeatedly by a dog barking loudly. The customer service is the absolute worst.

The bar was already low in my mind—I never stay at a Holiday Inn because, well, it's the Holiday Inn. But they still managed to give me a terrible experience. I couldn't wait to leave. The place is a disaster—stay away. The owners or managers are dishonest and seem intent on taking advantage of tourists. The whole experience was awful.

Great overall. The handicapped access is limited but that's to be expected being in the mountains. Staff is nice, place is clean, amenities are awesome.....................................................

I didn’t like how far away my room was and it was very confusing to get to as I attended for work conference and the same hotel. I however, had to park around the hotel and walk to and from I was woken up at 5 AM by the continuous noises of people slamming their doors, probably going in and out of their rooms I would think they would have a better sound barrier being a hotel.

I enjoyed this hotel so much that I'm going back again. 
Great services and friendly staff. 
It's the perfect location for a visit to the Rocky mountain national park.

The customer service at the hotel was top notch.  I would gladly recommend anyone who is hosting a conference to have it at the Holiday Inn at Estes Park!

AC unit surges and made noise all night.  Didn't really cool the room

The room was decent size, though bathroom is a bit small.  Good space to store things.  Bed was comfortable but pillows were very lacking and some of the worst I've had in a hotel in a while. The common areas are nice and kids enjoyed the game room and super large pool.  There are no microwaves in the room, which was kind of a bummer.  We had to re-heat leftovers using the common microwave in the lobby.  We would stay here again, hoping they've upgraded the pillows.

This is a great hotel for families. It's a great price for it's location and what it provides. Parking provides enough room for big vehicles and trailers. Convenient location to be able to head to any destination without hassle.

The amenities are fantastic at this property! The location was also very convenient and right in the middle of everything.

I liked this place. Overall very decent, bathrooms very well stocked with toiletries, there are 3 fire pits where they provide a "Smores" kit, pool was nice. A few dings, they need to get more bubbles going in the hot tub. The Breakfast buffet was just OK and was an upcharge. Elevator is a slow. Location is great with central access to all of town.

This Hotel is so beautiful! They have a pool that is pretty deep and has a TV playing, a good sized hotel, a game room, a restaurant/bar and they even provide s'mores for you to make and enjoy. The services was top notch, the rooms were clean and comfortable. I will definitely stay here when visiting Estes Park in the future.

This hotel is a great choice if traveling with kids. The pool/hot tub area is a great place to hang out. They also have a game room that is open all the time. 
We’ll be back!

Amenities were great, kids loved the hotel, especially the pool area.

I would recommend this hotel for families of all ages

The staff was very accommodating with our requests. My only complaint was the pillows. I only use feather at home and cannot sleep on hard foam that does not conform to my head. The room was very clean & beautiful Mountain View.

Close to the RMNP and all the goodness of Estes Park.  The lodging gem was perfect.  The staff is genuine in their cheer and helpfulness.  The accomodations roomy and updated  with cool Mtn themes.  the walking stick binoculars were perfect touch.  Not to mention the nightly fires and smores kit.  Well done.

Good location, hotel is free game room, nice coffee machine and water station and fire pits are wonderful. Rooms can be noisy and difficult to access with multiple doors and people trying to get in and out getting stuck

Very nice hotel and close by everything. Walking distance for those in shape. Anyway from one mile to 5 miles to most anything.  My only complaint was that on the 1st day that we arrived it was at 9:30 in the morning and the front desk person checking a sin told us they were still serving breakfast so me and my granddaughter walked over there but breakfast ended at 930 so there was only spoonfuls of different things left so we scooped a spoonful of eggs one slice a bacon and 1 and a 1/2 slices of a French toast triangle  And while we were eating the not even a full serving of food a waitress came and gave us a bill for $22. I told her I assumed the breakfast was included with the hotel stay because the front receptionist said they were still serving breakfast but never mentioned that there was a fee plus what we ate was literally one slice of bacon 1 spoonful of eggs and 1 and a 1/2 slice of a triangle French toast.  There was literally no milk no juices no muffins or anything else left because breakfast at end it so I was pretty upset that I pay $22 for that little bit of leftover food that we ate. Depth and as checked us in obviously she knew we were just getting there and unfamiliar with how anything operated and she should have mentioned that there was a fee for breakfast but the restaurant should not have even charged us because they were already putting all the food up and there was not even enough food left to make one complete plate of food. So that is my one complaint with the hotel , but other than that the hotel itself and the stay was nice. Now the hotel does offer a bag of smores to make in the evening time but it does not matter how many are in your family, you only get one bag which consists of enough for making one smore.  So if you have more than one child you know there is going to be a fight because you only get the 1 bag.

Great hotel, amazing pool area. Nice location to RMNP and other areas in Estes Park

In my opinion this Holiday Inn doesn’t meet Holiday Inn standards. It ranks as a poor motel but the price is at one of the highest Holiday Inn we’ve stayed at. Don’t spend the extra money. Find the local motel I’m sure the service & cleanliness would be better can’t be any worse

Location was wonderful. Very clean,,quiet, loved the fire pits and smores kits.

Breakfast was $17.99 and Not worth it. It was like the free breakfast bars that most hotels have. for free. 

If you stay, don't eat there and pay the High Cost of that, go into town.

The Holiday Inn at Estes Park was a great getaway! It was located within easy walking distance to the River Walk which made going out to dinner possible without a car. The hotel was also close to Rocky Mountain National Park, Lake Estes, and The Big Thompson and St.  Vrain Canyons, which made easy access to Boulder and Fort Collins. I would highly recommend this hotel.

We really enjoyed the whole experience, especially the added touches as s’more kits, fire pits and walking sticks.

Holiday inn needs to train staff to smell beds or change the mattress to avoid other guests from smelling urine. Vacuum so bugs don’t stay under covers on a sofa bed. Train restaurant managers in hospitality & how to be professional even with large families.

Doesn't meet Holiday Inn standards. Rooms need to be updated, beds are uncomfortable (and HI beds are usually my favorite). Common spaces are clean and updated. No water available in the gym.

We hosted a conference here and Rebecca, Todd and their entire team were phenomenal. They went above and beyond for us. The food was also delicious. I would definitely recommend staying and hosting an event here.

Great place to stay, I was here for one night and slept great. The rooms are clean and Comfortable. Fire pits are great, and they give you smores kits. This would be a good place for kiddos. the pool is indoors and also very nice.

Loved our stay!  The only thing that would have made it better was more time!  We cannot wait to come back again and bring our family. I wish I could remember the name of the gentleman who checked us in.  He was beyond kind and helpful.  He gave great suggestions and made our trip amazing!

Great place to stay! The staff was so nice. Pet friendly+ We were happy with the clean rooms. They give you smores to cook out at the fire. A game room. A pool area that had a wild party vibe to it. This place blew me away! 5 stars. The breakfast not being free is a bummer but I understand for Big Buffet. Thanks for the great stay.

We stayed here while visiting Rocky Mountain National Park. Our kids loved the pool, free game room, and s’mores! We appreciate the coffee and water station in the lobby. Our only complaint was the broken lamp at our bedside as well as the surrounding guest dogs barking at all hours of the day and night. There was a very loud delivery truck one morning as well that the reverse beeping woke our kids up.

We found a this wonderful hotel to stay in Estes Park, full of fun for the family, kids especially, the S'mores were a big hit, the pool is incredibly for both kids and adults with the hot tub, the game room is off the charts…
and best of all the staff is so accommodating and friendly.
Great place to chill and enjoy Estes Park,
Thank you Holiday Inn Estes Park

We had a rocky start getting to the hotel due to car trouble but once we arrived the staff was friendly and helpful and we were able to relax and enjoy the rest of our stay! Definitely coming back

It is a great hotel to stay at for visiting Estes Park, it includes a pinball machine, free candy and dog treats, and very kind people. The rooms are also pretty good and the atmosphere when eating is great with a free snore kit too.

Last minute getaway to Estes Park. The hotel lobby is inviting, front desk staff was friendly and helpful, my favorite local taffy was a nice touch. We enjoyed the fire pit area to relax and the bar for a night cap. The room was spacious and quiet. Close enough to walk to town, but there is also a shuttle if needed. We will return.

Overall an older facility in need of an update.  This is a family-centric property with game room and lobby amusements that attract loud and rowdy children.  Hotel restaurant is mediocre at best.

Great front desk folks that were very friendly and efficient at check when a lot of us showed up at once.
Then later I was trying to book a reservation at RMNP but it wouldn't let me check out on my cell phone.  I asked Jeff if he knew any other way and he kindly offered me his cell phone to try and get the park pass.
Jeff is a real keeper and a perfect front desk greeter and check in person!!

The hotel was comfortable.  Check-in staff had a perfunctory attitude. 
An elevator broke down and a room next to it had a door open for repairs.  There was mold on the walls.

Upon arrival. There was a really loud sound coming from the window area. I thought that was exterior landscaping going on with the blower right next to the window. It happened to be nothing based on the feedback from the maintenance we were told they would get back to us with a new room offer, and nobody ever reached back out to us.

Good location

This hotel far exceeded my expectations. It was clean, it was updated, and it had great amenities to go with it. I would recommend this place to anyone who is interested in going to the Rockies. Oh and it is great for walking around Estes Park.

The bartender at this location working the closing shift on July 6th was incredible. Excellent customer service and clearly was liked by everyone she served.

I went on a trip to Rocky mountian park  and stayed  for 4 days for the 4th of July holiday week.  I would go back and had a great time.  The free bikes, close walk to town, and easy drive to park were a plus.  I would come back and recommend to stay here.   Front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating. The restaurant on site was a nice option to have as well.  We definitely enjoyed the bar a couple night  for beers after dinner on the town.
However there is some opportunity and reason for the non 5 star rating
- Pool was not clean, debris at bottom, ( candy wraper and floss picks) nor hot tub brown water and white smlie on top, not sure if it is drained daily or not
-My reservation was not in system,  I had a confirmation # and booked months ago.   Front desk rebooked me, after I showed email confromation and rate when I booked.  But how does this happen?  They said error in system and it ended up working out.  But still very concerning we were 1k miles from home and holiday week everything in town booked.  Just stressfull, and not what I want to be doing on vacation.
-House keeping,  you have to request them to come,  They could not refill the liqued soap in shower after mupitle requests.  I just got a bar and some travel shampoo /conditioner from store.
-15$ a day amenity fee, no one could explain what this was for, nor was disclosed when I booked.  Front desk removed, and cared and responed appropriately( this was reason for 4 stars not 3)
- Elevator did not work for a couple days

Loved it, incredibly expensive though at $400 per night.. I would only stay here for very special occasions. If the cost was less I would come up several times a year in mini holidays. Very pleasant stay with my dogs. The bed was so comfortable I would like to know the brand to buy one for myself.

Beds are horribly uncomfortable and the pillows were like rocks. $400 a night and we got absolutely no sleep. Also got bumped to a lower room than what we paid for with no heads up or explanation.

Poor customer service, poor room quality, extremely unsafe conditions

Check in was quick and room type was correct and held for us.  Staffing in restaurant needed to be increased and was short staffed on July 4.  Reservations were made with breakfast included but was told at check in that they were not so we ate elsewhere.

Nice place to catch some fresh air and stretch your legs! Grab a room and get back on the highway up to National Park! Plus, the fireworks were an absolute plus this year!

We stayed two days wished it would have been zero. The main elevator was down so we had to walk a maze to get to our room. Room was set for 62 degrees but it felt like 100. Opened the window to allow some cool air but there was a hole as long as the screen. I had to put a pillow and sheet to cover the hole so we could get some cool air. 

Then checked the bathroom and there was no soap, shampoo conditioner or body wash. Went down to the desk and had to wait 20 minutes for help. The desk clerk stated he would call the manager to see what could be done. Well after 20 minutes, the clerk said he would give us two feee breakfast vouchers. Because the manager never bothered to call back. 

Well what a waste, the breakfast was a joke. The food was cold and it was the same as you get for free at other holiday inns. It was priced at over 17.00 per person. 

With all of the choices in Estes park do it waste your money.

Excellent stay with an onsite restaurant, bar, indoor pool, plenty of outdoor fire pits to enjoy s’mores and relax. Each fire pit allows for private groups.

The staff was extremely helpful and kind. I like how the location is close to everything ( driving) I think some things are walkable. The room is clean and well put together, BUT the only con is the beds are EXTREMELY HARD! You might as well be sleeping on the floor. My arm was going numb sleeping on my side. Super uncomfortable bed, so be mentally prepared to sleep horrible. Other than that, it’s really nice inside. The pool had a screen which is pretty cool too! S’mores at night too.

We stayed at this property for a wedding last weekend. It is an older Holiday Inn that has had some nice renovations and details added. The main lobby is very welcoming and there is a brewery/restaurant connecting to the lobby. The staff was wonderful and very helpful  during out stay. The rooms are your basic older rooms, but very clean. Our mattress needed to be replaced. If you are staying in the Estes Park area this is one of the best places you can stay. They have these wonderful firepits they light each evening that you can sit around and enjoy the mountain views.

Clean, staff nice, amenities great, room had issues.  AC did not turn on, curtains did not close properly, remote for tv would not turn off tv, and on bottom floor so the window well had rain clanking off it early in the morning.  We slept terrible.

We stayed for two nights and thought the hotel overall was good. The amenities offered were great! Self-service coffee, flavored water, and taffy were available on the main entrance floor. A smores kit was provided for use in the outside firepit. The restaurant's on-site food was decent, and the pool area was charming and clean. A jacuzzi is right next to the pool. This is a family-friendly hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful. My only complaints were the bed was too firm, the white bed sheet was a little dirty, and the bathroom was tiny. There was no room to place makeup or other items on the bathroom sink.

Disabled access room up steps and elevator not working.
Tiled bedroom floor sticky and dirty.
Bathroom grubby, music and games machine in lobby not relaxing.
Booked 2 nights left after one never to return.

The entire hotel smells like the swimming pool chlorine. The main elevators were out of order. The $17 breakfast buffet is the exact same fare that is given away free to guests and a Holiday Inn Express.

Our car broke down and had to stay 2 days longer than inticipated. The staff was very accommodating and helpful through the stressful time.

Unclean room , rude check in personal, over charged, ac unit is average at best , bed’s uncomfortable, pillow smelled like vomit , window hard white stuff smeared on it inside , hairball on towel when opened to use it,

After a last minute decision we decided to stay here for a few days. I had no idea all of the amazing amenities! The s’mores voucher was so fun, and I loved sitting by the fire pits. All of the staff were so nice, and we loved eating at Latitude (get the pizza)! The only downside was the bathroom, the water pressure was super low and a lot of the room/bathroom was very outdated. Otherwise I highly recommend staying there!

We booked this room for one night through Priceline. I was very impressed with the hotel, I decided to book an extra night and sign up for the IHG rewards.

For the price I paid to stay here, I was sorely disappointed in the room. We stayed in a king suite, but there were so many negatives - no outlets on one side of the bed, no counter space in the bathrooms, we found M&Ms on the floor when we arrived, the refrigerator had a broken shelf, we got an air bed that deflated during the night and my nephew ended up on the floor at 2 AM, and the worst of all was the air vent in the bedroom. It's up high and blows very hard. So it was hard to sleep because we would go between really hot and super freezing. I was so excited to stay at this property, but I wouldn't go back unfortunately. We did love the decor in the lobby though and the amenities, especially the coffee and taffy in the lobby, the s'mores kit for the fire pit, and the binoculars in the room.

Don't eat breakfast here, they don't give you enough vouchers for everyone in your room and the food is not worth the price. Everything was bland. Also don't book a mountain view because it's just a hill behind the hotel that is not that impressive. If you want to make sure you have towels pack extra with you because apparently they wait to wash them until 8pm because they ran out of towels every night we were there. Including pool towels. Otherwise, the room and hotel was clean and it was fine staying here.

This hotel was dirty no guest service the whole time we were there. The bathroom sinks were discussing ours. Look like a dead rat was hooked onto the drain overall terrible experience. I would not recommend this hotel.

I would stay here again, but wish they had another breakfast option besides the breakfast buffet.  Proximity to RMNP and the downtown Estes was great.  The fire pits outside were a nice touch.

The hotel is very nice with lots of little extras like smores kits to enjoy in the evenings around a fire.  The pool area was large and looked very nice.  The rooms were clean, beds comfortable and we had a really nice stay.  Staff was always kind.  Thanks so much!

Came into town for a family event and needed a place with reliable internet for school purposes.  Location was near to where the events were held, and remained quiet and relaxing during a busy time of year for tourists.  Had no issues with internet connection so completing school work was a breeze.  Staff were attentive and helpful during check-in and check-out.  Room was clean and well-maintained.  Did not use food services, but would like to see rooms include a microwave if the price will be slightly steep, which I understand when for the location.  Overall, I would stay here again!

This property is really dated. It does not meet the IHG standard. The team was amazing, but the property needs improvement.

Family friendly with excellent game room, big indoor pool, hot tub, free flavored still/sparkling water dispenser and very convenient location walking distance to lake/Riverwalk and downtown. The kids loved it!

Very close to Rocky Mountains and convenient to restaurants and others

I think to pay for this breakfast is too much. 
A different kind of IHG hotel such as Holiday Inn Express serve a very similar breakfast and maybe more option for free.

Great location - very outdated property and horrible pillows. Joe at front desk was the best part of the hotel. Very accommodating and professional.

Location is great, people are nice, facilities are are run down and in need of updates. The beds and pillows were so uncomfortable I barely got any sleep and my back is still recovering

Was probably luxury 40 years ago, but is now aging not so gracefully.

We had an amazing time at the Estes Park Holiday Inn for the Colorado Law Faculty Retreat! The service was fantastic from all the staff, the rooms were great and very clean, and we loved all of the extra amenities in the hotel. We especially loved the fire pits and smore kits!

The staff was friendly, they smiled, they offered all kinds of help. In addition, the staff recommended nearby hiking trails, the staff also bought extra towels and cleaning supplies. Also, I was given a quiet room and my disabilities were accommodated. Thank you

Too expensive.  $17.00 per person for Beakfast. Most hotel have free breakfast.  Shower would not work and dead bolt lock would not work. Nice hotel other than reason above. Was there to see Rocky Mountain  National Park.

Not very satisfied. The hotel is dated, the parking was inconvenient.  The setting was beautiful.  The food was sub par and expensive worst of all the bathroom tissue / TP was the cheapest and reflects a lack of understanding of comfort on the hotels part.

A good excellent property for short stay and convenient to shopping areas, mall and also Estes Park  entrance about 10minutes drive. Well maintained property and staff helpful. Only wish if breakfast was included.

$380/night without elevator and very very ordinary room. Pool is the only good thing in this hotel.

- Enjoyed the room's earthy interior design.
- The hotel staff are very friendly and informational. 
- The location of this facility is great, very close to the Rocky Mountains, perfect for a person like me who loves mountains and trees but still prefers to live in a nice and relaxing also hassle-free hotel.
- There is wildlife around the hotel, and I saw deer around the neighborhood, very lovely.

Great location, walking distance to downtown, food and groceries. Nice and quiet hotel, indoor pool and hot tub. Good views of the various mountains. Easy to get to the main highway to get out of town.

Surprise fees added to the quoted price in the confirmation email. Be careful when booking and push back appropriately to eliminate hidden, surprise fees. The hotel could just include the TOTAL price in the confirmation email.

Rooms are in good shape, but show some wear and tear. The pool and hot tub area are nice and everyone had a great time! Loved the fire pits and s’mores!

This was our 2nd visit to this location. It is perfectly place near the town, the Stanley, and many other nearby sites. We love it hear because we can bring our dog. We also have a toddler so if there’s poor weather, they have a pool and game room.

Great facilities and friendly staff!  Hotel has an amazing game room.  Staff was friendly.  Great location, you can walk to the downtown shops.

Very friendly staff. Provided quick service and fixed issues immediately

We had an amazing view of the mountains from our window. Perfect location to the main street of shops and restaurants Estes Park has to offer.

This hotel is in a beautiful location and has an amazing vibe for family or business.

Dated facility that needs to be updated; poor value.

We were in room 404, which was and probably still is absolutely filthy. You should add an option to attach photos, but more than that, at least take a Clorox wipe to every surface in there. The window does not close all the way and there is no screen. Also, you will be woken up by them emptying dumpsters on Thursdays at 6:00 a.m. Outside of the room in the hall, there was popcorn, silverware and qtips on the floor the ENTIRE time. 3 days. I can honestly say I’d never stay here again.

I loved the amenities,  the games, the pool, the hot tub which was my main reason stayingwas closed without notice.  Uncomfortable beds, weird set up where they had us what felt like down in the boiler room.

Nice hotel and rooms with free pin ball game in the lobby, free sparkling water, and free s'mores with 3 big fire pits.  Friendly staff. 10 minute walk to the main downtown area

Stayed 4 nights with our 18 month old. The cleanliness was a bit disturbing. Our son threw up on the hard flooring the first night and after I mopped it up with a towel, I went back over the whole area with a damp white towel which turned brown. When we mopped up some water in the bathroom, same thing... nasty brown on the towel. It doesn't appear that cleaning the floors is on the housekeeping to-do list.

The rooms are too dark especially if they're poolside. The pool is indoors so there's no way to get natural light into the dark room.

I would not recommend poolside if you, or someone in your group (such as a small child) is going to be before the pool closes at 10. Because it's an indoor pool, you'll be able to hear the people playing and the tv the have running until it gets shut down for the night. In some cases, the party extends past 10pm.

The game room is a nice touch with a pool table, ping pong, foosball, and arcade games but has been used hard and it shows. There's significant wear and tear on all the equipment and there was generally full trash cans and mess strewn about.

The carpet pattern in the hallways is so good at hiding dirt it even concealed items left out for pickup by housekeeping. The hallway typically had marshmallow roasting sticks along the wall that took a few days to be collected.

My children and I felt like VIP's as we were welcomed with smiling faces and a very peaceful clean environment. 
The rooms were very clean and comfortable.

Nice place close enough to walk, but shuttle would be great for some. 
A bettter coffee experience is needed.
Good service overall, but for the price - it could be better.

friendly staff, good location, comfortable stay, recommend to ones visiting rocky mountain national park or other close area.

The good:  free s’mores kit for one night during your stay, free Starbucks coffee machine, free flavored water machine, evening fire pits that are really nice!  The bad:  one ply toilet paper, pillows not very soft and flat, multiple broken ice machines (only one working), blackout shades don’t block out morning sun, bed corners are shin busters (photo included), one washer and dryer for the entire hotel…and the dryer doesn’t actually heat/dry clothes and DirectTV keeps going out.  The maintenance gentleman was very responsive, but just inconvenient.

Stayed for a convention 2nd year in a row. While the overall experience was very good, the convention dinner was a 2/10. The restaurant was ok, tomatoe soup delicious as was the biscuits/gravy. The free coffee/soda stream was a 10/10 and the free smores for roasting was another 10/10. Didn’t try the pool, but it looked great. I would stay there again even with a few drawbacks. Staff was terrific!!! Rooms and place exceptionally tidy.

For the conference it was very nice. Didn't get a room, so no idea there. The setting and scenery of Estes is spectacular.

The staff accommodated all my needs.They were very welcoming to my Service Dog and helped me when I needed assistance. 

What a beautiful area to vacation in.

Be cautions of the “complimentary breakfast” the staff told you when you check in. It is not.

We originally booked the hotel for our wedding block when it was privately owned as "The Ridgeline" and had issues with our guests reservations changing without notice. Besides changing out signage for Holiday Inn, no renovations were completed it seems. The game room seems appealing but majority of games are damaged or missing pieces, including several broken chairs. Only 1 TV was working.. multiple leaks from the ceiling.

We would just have expected a greater quality from such a large hotel chain. Otherwise,  good location for views and short drive to RMNP.

We had a room that overlooked the indoor pool. It was full of chlorine fumes and was humid. The privacy curtains blocked the air conditioner vents so it was also hot the whole time. Extremely uncomfortable.

Restaurant was comfortable and service was great but the food was a notch below mediocre.

Nice hotel ..needs to improve breakfast.

The room was really clean and the staff was unbelievably nice. Great environment

I enjoyed my stay here in Fort Collins. At Holiday Inn Express & Suites there is plenty of parking, but it can get packed real quickly depending on what’s going on in town. The staff were super friendly and pleasant to talk to. My stay was up to a month, and the stay was easy and clean. They also have a pool here, if that’s ever a deciding factor. The room was tended to whenever I needed it, the room was spacious, and they served breakfast in the morning. There’s a grocery store as well as several restaurants within walking distance but also a bunch that you can drive short distances to. Plethora of options. It’s a beautiful area, and neighborhood. It’s quiet and a nice place if you’re a walker. I would not mind staying at this location again.

Everything was great, especially their breakfast, It was amazing. Freshly ground coffee with each cup and a Pancake batter machine. I had never seen before

Service was great and the pool and hot tub were fantastic.

Everything was as I expected. If I will be in Ft.Collins again,I will probably return for another stay.

Hotel was in a nice location next to a few restaurants. The bed is so comfortable!!! You will get a great night sleep here. Pet friendly, and had plenty of grass for dogs. Area is safe as I enjoyed walking my dog around the neighborhood. Staff will ensure not to put receipt under door if you have pets to prevent dogs from barking/waking you (very thoughtful of staff). I do wish the breakfast started at 6am but overall was a great stay highly recommend.

Everyone was so helpful from booking the reservation to checking in and checking out and everything related to our stay. The room was so clean, quiet, wonderful beds and a delicious breakfast and the best 24/7 coffee I've had.

ya tienen lista la documentacion, solo firmar, no hubo necesidad de hacer algun deposito

Best Holiday Inn in the country!
Everyone was courteous and jovial and they were friendly and polite. 
Incredible location in a high end residential area. Surrounded by tall trees, amenities you can walk to, quiet, peaceful. Every holiday inn should be like this.

A great place to stay with clean rooms, nice staff, and a complimentary breakfast. I would've rated higher, but minor maintenance to my room felt neglected. Half the vanity lights worked and we avoided stepping on a large crack in the bathroom tile. Overall, good hotel, but I've paid less for better.

Amazing stay. We are from california and drove to fort collins to visit my sister. This place was very clean and comfortable. The staff is very welcoming. I dealt with colin, cale and kat. All 3 of them were amazing to deal with and helped with all the questions i had.  We got a double queen and they had a roll away bed for my kiddo who doesnt like to share the bed lol..it was perfect.  Bathrooms are very clean and big. Everything is very clean. I would stay here again on my next visit. Also INCLUDES FREE breakfast. Loved it here

Room was nice,  the bed was comfortable could not hear the noise from harmony rd at all

Ethan was wonderful. Nice rooms. Great for pets. We had better luck booking on priceline or we also booked in person. We did not like corporate reservations.

Booking last minute was no big deal, it was quiet and dark in the room and the Temperature was great

This is the cleanest HIE I’ve ever stayed at. Robert greeted us at the front desk and was so friendly, warm and kind after a very long, stressful day of driving. Likewise, he was there at the front desk in the morning. He checked on us at breakfast and even insisted on clearing our plates and helping us with luggage. Honestly, that man is a gem. He deserves a raise. He made our day AND our stay! Thank you!

I highly recommend this hotel.. rooms are very spacious, pool was nice and warm and the staff were super friendly

Great place! Awesome bed and awesome pool! Staff are very friendly and the breakfast was excellent!

Apparently IHG no longer requires coffee makers in the rooms. This is the first hotel I have stayed that follows that. IHG may not require that but I think many guests do. I don't drink coffee but my wife does. You have to request a maker at the desk! Not a smart way to cut costs. Those of us who actively supported IHG hotels during CoVid have noticed the high prices didn't go down after the pandemic costs. Or after the high inflation. This is the first "you lose coffee as well" I have seen. Also, even though I'm Diamond Elite I was not upgraded. But that is not unique to this property. Otherwise a property worth staying.

Stay was great but I got overcharged for an extra night I didn’t stay there

Great place to stay! Staff was friendly & The hotel was very clean, nice & quiet!

Very nice stay
Good rooms. Lovely heated pool (nice and warm) and nice hot tub.

Been here before. Easy access. Lots of restaurants around. Nice breakfast.

I visited five Holiday Inn Express locations in the past few weeks, from Wisconsin to Arizona. Fort Collins is definitely a ten out of ten on all levels.

All went smoothly. I wished I had a room on the side of the hotel on the opposite side of the building from the highway. Expected services were provided without a hitch.

This hotel is the perfect example of what an HI Express should be. Great service, clean and comfortable. I wish all others would follow their example. Stay here if you’re in Fort Collins!

Holiday inn at Ft. Collins is a great spot for visiting friends and family.

Great staff!! Really enjoyed my time here.

Very clean, staff were kind and pleasant!

Bed was very comfortable, and staff was excellent.

10/10. Amazing hotel, amazing staff, amazing breakfast, amazing stay. If you want the whole package STAY HERE!!! Ladies at the front desk were the sweetest humans i’ve met.

The front staff was amazing! I never have been treated so graciously. The grab-n-go breakfast was a perfect accommodation. The other hotels didn’t even offer us breakfast so this was perfect for us. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends & family! Thank you!

I have stayed here quite a bit and this one is always a good one. The staff is very kind and professional as well and made my stay a great experience.

This hotel is well-managed. Without exception, everyone I dealt with was very pleasant, helpful, and accommodating.  The hotel feels new.  The hot breakfast is fantastic and has just about everything you can think of. There is a restaurant right next door to the hotel property; however, the breakfast was fantastic at the hotel.  No need to go anywhere else for breakfast.  The room as very nice and felt brand new.  All-in-all a great experience.

All top notch esp breakfast!! Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Regular hotel that checks all the boxes except the night shift hotel staff is absolutely amazing, especially Robert!

All was 5 star except for coffee provided and loud room due to being on street-side with traffic. Not a restful sleep. Room clean. Mattress and pillows comfortable. Liquid soap provided. Great breakfast.

The staff was friendly, and knowledgeable about the area. The breakfast was always hot and ready. They even had a little store setup inside to buy sodas and snacks so you dont have to drive to store in the cold. The laundry service on site was so helpful for my long stay. The room was always clean and the bed was soft. I would recommend this place to everyone.

This is our preferred and go to hotel in Ft. Collins, so far in Jan 2026 alone we have stayed here on two separate occasions. This location has above and beyond customer service! Ethan & Robert have always provided us with exceptional customer service, quick to help and answer any questions, and always provide service with a smile and positive attitude no matter the time of day. Thank you so much Ethan for always going above and beyond for us!

This is our preferred and go to hotel in Ft. Collins, so far in Jan 2026 alone we have stayed here on two separate occasions. This location has above and beyond customer service! Ethan & Robert have always provided us with exceptional customer service, quick to help and answer any questions, and always provide service with a smile and positive attitude no matter the time of day. Thank you so much Ethan for always going above and beyond for us!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Great front desk staff. Superb customer service with a smile.

Overall good visit.  Bathroom showed wear and gross grout.  The breakfast food was way below average.

This location is always clean, friendly, and affordable. Definitely would recommend staying here.

Such kind staff and clean spaces. Breakfast was excellent, and recognition of my loyalty along with a late checkout was a huge relief

Staff is helpful and friendly! Great location, close to restaurants, stores and some medical centers.

Nice hotel quite, clean and friendly staff. I would stay again if in the area. I recommend this hotel.

Great place to stay great service a day clean. Breakfast was outstanding need to repair the treadmill.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Had no hot water at 5:30 am and the bathroom was dirty

Nice place to stay! The rooms and hotel were clean, the pool and hot tub were clean and well maintained, the breakfast was delicious with lots of options to choose from and the staff are super friendly!

Absolutely wonderful!
I recommend staying here.

It’s difficult for a Holiday Inn to earn 5 stars in my world. After all, it’s a Holiday Inn Express. That said, these guys have earned a premier rating. I’ll mention two employees that I interacted with in my three night stay who are exceptional: Ethan and Robert. Both were over-the-top courteous and eager to make our stay pleasant. The facilities are typical HIE—though well kept and comfortable. Everything was clean and well-maintained. I will definitely stay here again when in the area.

We stay at this facility every time we go to Fort Collins, Colorado convenient comfortable clean in good repair

Hotel was excellent aesthetically.  Clean.  Room was spacious.  Pool and hot tub were nice. TV remote didn't work.  Nobody followed up as promised.  Asked if they had salt/pepper.  Staff member said no.  Felt like they just didn't feel like looking.

This Holiday Inn Express is the best that I have experienced. The cleanest and most comfortable choice you can make. The kids loved the pool and the hot tub was just the right temperature. The staff is very friendly and helpful.

Rooms are clean. The staff is very friendly. We chose to come back here after our visit in September. They are pet friendly!!

We had an excellent stay here. Staff were amazing, hotel was clean and inviting to us and our dog, grounds and location were great. Will return!

My stay at this property was my first, and it was very good.  Clean property in a good area.  A/C worked well as the fan did not shut off at all, and was able to crack a window as well.
Bed was one of the best mattresses I've slept on at any hotel.  If all properties could duplicate that, I think everyone would love it!
Breakfast was great as well.  Biscuits and gravy with real sausage links and the trademark cinnamon rolls are the best for a free breakfast.
Staff was very friendly as well.
I will stay again is I have the chance.

Called to make my reservation to ensure I got adjoining rooms. Person who took my reservation said that would be no problem. Go to check in and this person said oh, we don’t do that at this hotel, but I made sure your rooms are close together. That’s not same as adjoining rooms. We get to the rooms and one had updated AC that worked well while the other room hadn’t been updated and the AC barely worked. Very disappointing experience.

Do not accept a room above the main entrance to the hotel.

This Holiday Inn Express is uniquely wonderful!!!  The rooms are spotless, it is quiet, and the staff are so wonderfully kind and welcoming. We stayed here twice on our cross country trip (one time each way) and they were a true stand out. They welcomed us and our dog. The grounds around the hotel are so nice and location is walking distance to a store and restaurants. Wish they were all this good! Thank you!

The hotel was as expected.
The room was nice, clean, and comfortable. The bed and the selection of pillows were very good. The hotel staff was very friendly and interested in their guests. The breakfast was okay and as expected for a complimentary breakfast.
I had a room facing the main street, which was fine for me and quiet enough, but anyone who doesn't like that sort of thing should avoid such a room.
There are a few restaurants nearby for those who want to eat something in the evening.

The staff are all friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. 
The breakfast is the best hotel food I have ever had!! The coffee is very good also.

Friendly staff, very clean room and bathroom. Property was excellent, clean, and great amenities. Coffee int the lobby was awesome especially since it is open 24 hr. Location is very convenient. Love the pool.

The room was obviously not cleaned prior to us showing up. It was so nasty (see pictures). Seems like they don’t take any time or care to actually clean the room.  Left over feces on the toilet seat, hair in the shower, Cheerios and hangers under the bed and no hand soap just face wash in the bathroom. We were also on their first floor and when we walked in the window was unlocked. Scary. Would not recommend at all.

We were assisted above and beyond by your amazing staff. From check in and breakfast and special needs!!  We were there for surgery at hospital and needed to extend our stay unexpectedly. Your staff was so very helpful and friendly in the entire stay.

Clean, friendly, comfortable, great location!
It does not disappoint !Highly recommend !

Clean and in a good part of town breakfast was delicious 😋 forgot hair spray and they had it complimentary serve snacks and drinks for a reasonable price will definitely stay again

I paid 182 dollars here because i was in a pinch and i was told i was getting a gov discount because i have a valid military ID, to come out to 160 dollars even.  Checked my bill on IGH rewards and i was charged 182.  Whats worse is that after i paid, next door(directly across the street) courtyard marriott called and confirmed a room at 89 dollars for me.

Its a decent hotel.  Clean, lots of channels, things youd expect.. Certainly not worth almost 200 dollars.

A comfortable hotel in a great location.  We have stayed here quite a bit and we have noticed the cleaning is starting to decline.

Breakfast service to late to take advantage of

The guy who checked us in was very friendly.  He offered suggestions for dinner and gave a list to look at.  The room was clean.  We had little kids and he put us really close the pool and lobby which was very helpful.  Breakfast was good.  Great stay!

Best Holiday Inn in NOCO. Wonderful staff, courteous and professional, always going above & beyond.

Very clean and with friendly staff!

Positive: Location, cleanliness Negative: Low height of toilet seat

I have stayed in 6 hotels in Fort Collins and this is the best especially for the price.

Great Hospitality except for the heavy set working nights.

When we arrived to check in we met Kaylee.  WOW!!!  She was truly on her A-Game!!!  Fast check-in, very personable, and it reminded me why we use this hotel as our go-to hotel every time we are in Fort Collins, Colorado.  It's very simple - this hotel is super clean, the room is always super clean, the breakfast is the best, and the staff members are always very polite.  Give this hotel a try and be sure to say "HI" to Kaylee for me - she is the best!!!

It was a good comfortable stay, the hotel staff with the exception of one person totally had outstanding hospitality in their blood.

Had a great stay both times we stayed. The staff was awesome.

The desk clerks were very helpful and knew the area.  The check-in man directed us to two eateries that could service my dietary needs, both were excellent.  The day shift lady easily put us  another room due to traffic noise on the street side.  She put us in a room on the parking lot side within about 15 minutes.  Easy, peasy.  Accommodations were fine.  The breakfast bar was full and tasty.  We will stay there again.

Paid $227 dollars for a room with NO AC working……. was offered a fan !!!!!!!   Like are you kidding me ?  Two charges were applied to my discover for the room A $ 250 hold for incidents and a  $227  cost of room so a total of $500 , iv never known any hotel to charge over $25 for incidental. So even if we wanted to leave ,our card was maxed with their 250!!!!incidental hold . Miserable hot sweaty suffocating night . Worst ever!!!! Waiting to see how or if the manager will make it right or offer our money back. The young Man at the front desk told us we could go and get another room somewhere else. But after they put the ridiculous hold on our credit card. We don’t have the money too, so we’re stuck here.!!!!

Clean room and super comfortable bed. Good breakfast.  Excellent staff Ethan, Robert and Kaylee. There was a little issue of an alarm going off for several hours, but the hotel finally did make it right and I appreciate that. Thank you!!!!! 😊

It's a very nice hotel, but our last stay, in August 2025, was disappointing. We were there 12 nights and neither ice machine (they only have 2 for a 4-floor hotel) was working during that entire time. The hotel staff could never give us a straight answer when we would ask when they would be fixed. We didn't get the impression that it was a priority for them. The rooms are clean, nice, and quiet, and the hot tub was wonderful. Breakfast is good, though they did run out of cinnamon rolls twice.

If Evan treats his coworkers (so long as they're nice to him of course) as good as the guests, then my man needs a raise. You won't find a guy who enjoys working more than him. Other aspects of the hotel have been very good, but that's a guy you gotta reward for being that positive all the time. Good hotel overall. Very well maintained and higher end.

Positive: Easy, efficient, friendly check in process. Clean, orderly and well stocked breakfast Negative: ""

Another great stay at HIE.  We've stayed at this location before and will definitely stay there every time we visit Ft Collins.  So much to see and do.  Great Farmers Market right down the street on Wed and Sun.

Loved staying here. Quiet. Great beds. Courteous staff. Milk alternative for breakfast. Wonderful.

I almost exclusively stay at holiday inn express. I trust the quality and this stay was what I expected.  A good value for the money.  Breakfast is always hot and full of choices and the room is always clean

This was a great stay at a great facility. It was quiet, and the mature trees provided for a lot of shade.  The breakfast was great and provided everything I could want.  The new fresh brewed coffee (instead of urns) was a welcome addition.

Recently stayed while in Fort Collins and had a great experience. Staff and hotel were great.  Rooms were clean and recently renovated.   
My only issue was noise levels from the main road.  There are a lot of trucks and motorcycles with loud exhaust.  Really not the hotels fault but still a little annoying.  
Pool and jacuzzi are great for relaxing at the end of the day.  This hotel is great and you will not find any other places in Fort Collins as good for the money.

Clean and great hospitality.  I’ve makers were not working.

The good, Ethan at check in / front desk is a rock star. Great customer service. Now the problems . We have been IHG platinum members for 20 years and stay almost exclusively at IHG properties. 
 After check in we found out both ice machines were broken so there was no ice for a 4 story HI express . Kind of a big deal . Then go down for breakfast and see an empty cinnamon roll area . I am then told after asking that they ran out of rolls the day before . Hmm , two of the bigger things traveler's look forward to is ice and at Holiday inn express when traveling . Not sure how you “ run out of your signature item , but it happened . 

Rooms were nice and property in great location however two mainstays of travel were either out of or broken .

I can't recommend this place strongly enough period this was the perfect stop.

Location is ideal for the surrounding area. Easy access to Estes Park

First, the alarm clock was not working but graciously replaced. The TV was not working and staff tried to fix it unsuccessfully. Ultimately, my husband fixed the wiring issue. MAIN ISSUE was no ice in the entire hotel. This hotel only has two ice machines for four floors. Both were out of order. The staff recommended going to Safeway and purchasing ice. When paying over $250 for one night, the hotel should have purchased ice to be available. The room and bathroom were also not the cleanest.

Clean and well-maintained. Comfortable beds, plenty of towels. Large selection of breakfast items. I saw the pool but didn't have time to use it. I only stayed one night while traveling.

Positive: Location Negative: Mold in the bathroom.

The breakfast is great - definitely a step above the typical. Check-in was the quickest that I've experienced. Walls are on the thinner side but no other complaints.

This is my fave hotel in FOCO. They have the absolute best mattresses.  The front desk folks are always genuinely friendly.

We stayed here last night and had the best experience. Even before our stay we called to ask a few questions and Ethan was so helpful and professional on the phone. Upon arrival to the hotel last night Ethan and Robert were both so helpful and kind. They made us feel extremely welcome and at ease. Their service went far above and beyond what we have experienced at other hotels. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable. The pool was clean and the breakfast had plenty of delicious options. We will definitely be staying here again in the future.

To the Staff at The Holiday Inn Express in Ft. Collins CO. Thank you very much. A week ago about two blocks from the Hotel, my Jeep that I had just purchased over heated and almost blew up before I could begin my trip to Nevada. I came stumbling in the Hotel after working on it in 100 degree weather all day. Your staff was extremely kind and didnt kick me out the moment I came in looking deranged.  In fact,  Ash, Kaylee, Ethan, and Robert were absolutely the friendly face I needed during this very stressful and trying time. I dont really know anyone in the area, and none of the Veteran organizations have any options to help me. So I am on my own and found out the part I need to get back on the road is a week and a half away and extremely hard to find. The hotel could have had it towed. Or made me push it away from their lot. But nobody gave me grief. They never threatened to move it. Just a friendly smile, and an understanding heart. As for the hotel. Rooms are extremely clean. I personally love the breakfasts. Whenever I come to town. I will be staying here.

Thank you guys so much.

The property was in a great location, and the amenities were very good.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the check in experience was very good.  This is a great property to stay at when you are in the area,

Very friendly staff and excellent location for a trip/vacation in Fort Collins area. The rooms are also really nice!

Very comfortable and good breakfast. Love the pillows!

All great. Took time out to rest on way home from Yellowstone park. Was able to chill and regroup for drive back to home. Only issue was noise from road outside window. Needs a little more noise reduction

The check in/out was quick, the staff were friendly, the room was clean, and breakfast was delicious.  Also pet friendly.

This Holiday Inn location had all the amenities that I have come to expect from IHG Hotels.  It has a great location, comfortable room, friendly staff and good breakfast.  Keep up the great work!

I stay at this establishment was what I would expect from Holiday Inn.

Everything met my expectations.

Stafff was friendly and polite.

We called IHG, to request an early check in.  Instead of 3:00 we asked for 1:00.  Was told they would try to accommodate us.  We get there and the clerk insisted there was no early check in. We went to eat and came back about 2:30 - still was told no rooms were ready...........SERIOUSLY??????  Literally 30 minutes (3:00) later, all rooms were ready - just WOW.  We stayed 3 nights in a row at 3 different Holiday Inn's.  This won't EVER happen again.  HILTON HERE WE COME!

Clean, nice, and comfortable with a decent breakfast.

We had a very pleasant stay.  The room was clean, quiet and comfortable.  The front desk staff were prompt and courteous and the breakfast had nice choices that were good and nutritious.  Labeliing for gluten free items would be a nice addition.

The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. Especially,  Robert the night manager. We asked him for some extra  bath towels, and he took care of us right away! Thank you very much Robert!

Hotel is nice, but WiFi was not working and went down for breakfast at 9 am most food was gone and did not get restocked.

Clean, nice, quiet, and super friendly staff. I was using the gym there and one of the staff noticed and brought me a bottle of water.

Over the course of 10 days, we stayed here 3 different times. Every time we were there, the staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were what one would expect, and could use a little updating. Breakfast was fine the first two stays, but the last one, over the 4th of July weekend, was lacking in some of the food offerings. It is close to a lot of restaurants and stores, the reservoir and the downtown area. It is not on the interstate, you need to go in about 4-5 miles on E Harmony.

This was one of the best Holiday Inn Express' that we have ever stayed at.  The location was quiet, even though it was nestled in town. The room was top notch and a great place to rest before continuing on with our trip into the mountains.

Very clean and quiet. Staff were friendly and helpful. Location was amazing! The best Holiday Inn Express we have ever stayed in!

Our stay included excellent, friendly service from beginning to end. We were greeted with in a friendly and professional way, our room was kept clean, and the breakfast area provided exceptional quality and service.

This hotel was clean, safe, in a great location, all the amenities were working and available.

Excellent place to stay in. The staff is wonderful and the amenities are superb.

We enjoyed our stay

Super nice people here! I need to cancel my reservation same day for something unexpected happened. The staff were nice and helpful. Definitely will stay here next time when we visit here!

Absolutely Marvelous Everything was exquisite!!.

The bed was comfortable and clean. The breakfast was decent, but the same thing two days in a row. I wish the shower would have directed the water more.

Everything was good no issue sleep well no problem

Stayed here for a tournament and the hotel was nice and the staff were very accommodating. I do primarily stay at IHG hotels so I am a little picky from one to another. As a 200+ night a year traveler I approve of this one!

Reception staff very friendly. 
Room cleanliness was not great. Bare minimum done, no sheets replacement, no vacuuming until you ask.

Great place.  Free breakfast was so so.  Staff was super friendly and very helpful.  Ice water and coffee always available.  Pool, jacuzzi and exercise room were found to be very helpful.

I had a great stay, and the only thing is that I am Gluten free so maybe a gf bread option for toast or gf muffins would be all I can think of adding to breakfast options.

Positive: The breakfast was great! It was buffet style and had yummy food. Negative: Our TV did not work in the room. We stayed 2 nights and had 3 different ppl try to fix it and they didn't.

Very nice stay, great staff and clean room. 
Good location, close to food and stores.
Have stayed in the past and have never been anything but satisfied with this location. Ample parking and quiet room.

除無線網路不夠給力，其它部份我不得不說是非常優質的，下次一定會再來拜訪。

After a very long day driving after a morning of everything went wrong it was nice to find out they had a hot tub... We only got 30 minutes but it was so needed! Rooms were clean breakfast was the norm

We had a fantastic stay for 5 nights where we enjoyed the pool, were well fed at breakfast, taken care of wonderfully by all staff, and at the end of the stay, know that this is the first choice of hotel we will look at when we return to the area. The staff members at the front desk treated us like family, the housekeeping and maintenance staff were extremely kind and helpful, and the staff was constantly working on keeping the hotel clean when not interacting with guests,

Lighting was very very bad. Coffee pot did not work. Refrigerator did not work. When taking a shower water would go from what I wanted to very hot for no reason towel quality was not what I expected from your hotel chain. No excuse for any of this when paying for a hotel room!!!!

Staff was amazing. My child spilled my coffee on themselves and the staff ran over to help. They gave him a chocolate bar to make him feel better.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Excellent facility. Very clean, the staff was very  helpful. Everything worked great in the room. My wife and I had a great night sleep and a good breakfast. Just wish there was some bacon.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Hotel is clean and very comfortable. The staff was always friendly and great to speak to. We had a wonderful stay and highly recommend.

I just have to share how impressed I am with my recent stay! I’ve traveled all over the country and stayed at lots of hotels, but this one definitely stands out for its amazing customer service and cleanliness. We arrived late at night, and the desk clerk was incredibly friendly and attentive, making it so much easier for us to manage our three little ones while trying to keep the noise down. It really made a difference!

I want to thank Donald and Winston from the front desk in taking great care of me this week of May 19th, 2025. I was traveling from a 16 hour drive already. They got me a beautiful  room and bottle water right away. My room was very clean, I like the way the shampoo's in the shower were available. The breakfast at 6:45 am was the best. The milk was so cold which is not always the case at other hotels. I thank Donald and Winston again for taking great care of me before I headed back to Texas.

Nice and new

Great property while traveling.  We have stayed here many times and always love it.  
It is very clean, safe, quiet and in a lovely area for walking with plenty of restaurants, shops nearby. 
The breakfast choices are excellent and very nice restaurant/lobby area.  
Highly recommend!

While further away from campus, this hotel is awesome. The entire staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating. Super clean and the breakfast was great. Highly recommended.

Really nice and clean

The overall experience was great.  The room was spacious and well appointed, the bed was comfortable and the temperature control was easy to comprehend.  The lighting in the room was sufficiently dim when relaxing, although I found it not bright enough for working. Placement of the switches was good except for one ~ I had to call the front desk to find the light switch for the light behind the tv.  The check-in staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the area. (I didn't partake of breakfast, or use the pool so cannot speak to their experience). Parking was easy and google directions accurate.  The hotel was immaculately clean, contemporary  and within easy access to major connections for further travel. The  traffic noise heard from the room was the only drawback. 
In summary, my stay was perfectly comfortable ! I'd stay again and recommend it.

Helpful and friendly staff made for a quick and easy check in procedure!

The staff was very accommodating and friendly.  We had checked in close friends at this hotel and the staff were very helpful.  We ended up getting there late but the staff were super friendly.  They even helped my friends bring their bags to their room and gave them complementary water.  I would highly recommend this hotel for friends and family who are visiting.

Positive: "" Negative: Breakfast was disappointing, eggs and bacon were burned. The tub felt unsafe, the bottom of the tub was curved and felt unsafe.

Front desk staff very nice, helpful.  Lighting,  bathroom tub and sink dirt/mold unacceptable.  Linens stained- so gross.

We stayed here 5 nights and greatly enjoyed our stay! Colin at the front desk was especially kind and helpful throughout our stay. The pool and hot tub were clean and well maintained and my daughter had a blast burning off some energy in them. The breakfast selection was hot and fresh- seriously the best bacon! The beds were sooooo comfortable too! The only 2 things I think could’ve been improved was clarity about what time to be out of our room in order to not be skipped for housekeeping and to consider placement of the hand soap/body wash etc. My 7yo daughter couldn’t reach the hand soap without climbing on the sink! 

Would 100% stay here again though!

Fantastic central location, beautiful facility!  Breakfast fantastic as always - we stay in Holiday Inn Express and Suites whenever we travel.  Consistent quality and great breakfast (pancake machine wonderful)!

Awesome staff! Clean and comfortable room. Breakfast haas little variety but IHOP is next door and a very short walk.

Ethan at the front desk gets ten stars! Talk about a friendly welcome and amazing customer service!  We loved our stay here.  The bed was so comfortable and the room was clean, providing a great night's sleep.

It's always a pleasure to stay at HIE no matter which location we have been to. We highly recommend!

We stayed here for two nights in February. Our daughter was visiting CSU. The rooms were very comfortable and clean! The staff was very friendly and accommodating! We did not have a chance to use the hotel’s pool because it was very busy, but it looked nice. The breakfast is always good at IHG hotels. We wished they had more cinnamon rolls in the breakfast area. Nice place to stay in Fort Collins.

It was the first time visiting Colorado and first time visiting our granddaughter since she moved to Fort Collins. The location was perfect for us!

I have stayed in many hotels in Fort Collins, Colorado. Never wanted to come to the higher priced ones, but always was disappointed with the cleanliness of the lower price. This hotel is extremely well managed. For one thing it’s very clean. I didn’t see a speck of anything ,all of the bedding ,towels and everything are immaculate. The staff is amazing. They are so friendly and helpful. So even if I did pay maybe $30 more for the nights stay,it was well worth it and I will pick this as my go to hotel when I come over ,which is frequented . Sage and Robert were names of staff I experienced,they go above and beyond to make your stay comfortable and pleasant.

Went for a softball camp at CSU!  Less than 15 minutes from location.  Great staff!  Head great service!!  The breakfast was abundant and staff was dealing with the falling snow and did a great job! I was impressed!

Lobby was not warm and homey. too cold, they still had the Christmas tree still in the lobby. Why? This is all showing either they have a reason or the just show they care. Are they going to leave it up all year?

This is one of the best budget-friendly hotels I've ever stayed in!

This place is wonderful! Everything from check in to the room was phenomenal. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the area!

We always stay here when we visit, it’s all around a spectacular place to stay!

The housekeeping did a great job of keeping my room clean and stock with towels. The other hotel staff where very friendly and outgoing

Nice clean newer looking hotel

The hotel staff was great. The rooms are updated but with budget contractors. Tile needs improvement in the room I was in.  Holes in the grout, missing pieces. Shower was hot and the shower head was high enough for taller people.

We were in for a hospital stay. The man who checked us in, prayed with us!! The beds were the best ever and the location was wonderful! 5 stars!

I booked this place for two days but reserved separately. On 2nd day afternoon, two big cleaning ladies directly open my room door without any notification. They should knock up the door before directly coming into the room. I forgot recheck-in the hotel before the noon. I stayed at room all day and the front desk didn’t give me a call to remind but just sent two intruders. It really scared me when it happened. Fortunately I am on the phone with my friend. She heard my quiver sound and asked the reasons.. I cannot tolerate this kind of service in my favorite hotel brand!

I stay at this location in Harmony at least once a month. The staff are super friendly, the rooms are clean, and the hot tub swimming area is a nice place to relax.

Friendly Evening Staff -Robert is your guy when it comes to friendly personable service!

Very nice stay of 3 nights. Everything was as expected with our room and their staff was helpful and knowledgeable about the area. First class stay. I have stayed with Holiday Inn for many years and this Hotel was just as expected, up to IHG standards.

Nice and clean and the staff was very friendly.

Me and my wife came to stay here for the weekend and everyone here was a great help

We stayed here to see family and the whole staff was excellent

The staff were great, beds were comfy, and pool was awesome!

The hospitality here was amazing and highly recommend this property. All the staff where excellent

The whole staff at this location are cery helpful and cert nice. From the front desk to housekeeping everyone was so polite

So glad we stayed at this Holiday Inn. Front desk check in was very friendly and efficient. Our room was clean and  a very comfortable bed. Hot coffee in the morning and a great breakfast was available. We enjoyed our stay!

Comfortable bed pillows not so much in my opinion . Soap shampoo and body wash conditioners plenty high on wall will squirt in your eyes if not careful.

Check in was easy and staff very friendly.
Room was great and spacious 
Gym was big enough and have all you need. Parking lot big with possibility to park at membership lots.  I will come back for sire

Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!  Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!  Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!  Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!  Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!  Spent 6 nights in two Holiday Inns and your WiFi is not worth spit. Please fix!!!

was fine. arrived late and had to be out early. clean room. carpet felt kind of gross but that is probably normal. there is a pool, wish i got to use it.

Beds were harder than expected but good room and stay

I've stayed at this location multiple times.  The staff is kind and accommodating.  The rooms are clean and comfy!

We enjoyed our stay!  Clean, comfortable, and better than average breakfast with many choices.  We appreciated the large eating area with many tables.  We made use of the cart to bring luggage and bags up to our room, which was very convenient.  The only issue we had was the loud traffic noise, because we faced the front street.  They offered to switch our room the next day, but we had already settled in.  Would recommend asking for a room not facing the street, or else bring ear plugs.  We turned on the fan for white noise, which helped.

The heat/AC units are trash. My room was 90 degrees when I arrived. I had to set the unit to AC even though it was 40 degrees outside. The thermostat is just a dial, so good luck getting comfortable. Look for a different hotel until they can figure out to spend money and upgrade that junk. It's also loud and next to a busy road.

Verify WiFi is working before you book. If you are traveling for work, be prepared to use personal hotspot at your expense. Even had to contact their support team for them. They tried to override but still no WiFi for all 3 days

I had a great stay at this Holiday Inn Express.  The front desk was super positive.  The room was clean.  The breakfast was great.  Everything you would expect from an IHG hotel.  I would definitely recommend this hotel in Fort Collins, CO.

Collins at the front desk an Ethan where great. The hotel was really excellent.

The staff at the hotel are very great and met all my needs during my stay

Amazing place to stay at and gamily loved the pool

We had family stay for vacation and they really enjoyed the hotel.

This hotel was clean and parking was ample on a busy weekend. It is not close to the university but it is an easy drive.  The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean.  The rooms on one side of the hotel are LOUD.

This is a well located hotel, quite and convenient for me! The staff is friendly and welcome you to the area. The hotel and the areas around the hotel are very clean with a nice parking lot. May need to check the bed mattress and change some of them.

We recently stayed here while visiting our CSU student. The property is in a good location that is easily accessible. Breakfast options and quality were very good. Overall, the property is in desperate need of maintenance. Bathroom floor trim and tile were falling apart. Shower grout was very sloppily caulked, bathroom door hinges sloppily greased. Bath towels were rags. None of the hand sanitizer dispensers were functional.

The staff were very kind and friendly and I hope this property gets the attention it needs so that people will continue staying here. We will find another IHG property for our next visit to FoCo.

We really enjoyed our stay. We will def stay here again when we are in the area. We felt safe in the area. It was very quiet. Hotel was clean and beds super comfy. Easy access to food and shopping.

Great stay. Outstanding service. Wish I could remember the guy that checked me in. He was fantastic and that’s the guy you want to see as the face of your company. Just an overall great time. I slept well, this isn’t always the case.

Everyone we interacted with working at this hotel were amazing and very helpful! Would stay here again

We are never disappointed when we stay at a Holiday Inn Express.... The customer service is great, the rooms and common areas are clean and breakfast is good. Thank you.

Easy check in and great customer service. The property itself was not that clean. Trash can out front was horrible, hair in the shower which are outdated. The breakfast and service there were really good. This is an average hotel and the price is reasonable.

We were just starting our vacation.  Driving in from KC and wanted to spend the night in Ft Collins.  Bed was comfortable, breakfast was your standard Holiday Inn fare.  Great location on the edge of town to hit Old Town, Horsetooth (pay for day use parking or you will get a ticket), and then off to Estes Park.

Room was updated, but a little rough around the edges.

Staff was great.  Internet Worked.  TV did what it was supposed to.

Very comfortable bed and quiet; excellent service and speedy check-in.

it was good to stay at this hotel, the room was nice and the staff was friendly

Hotel was clean and well maintained.  Bed was very comfortable.  Breakfast was well prepared and enjoyable.  Location was convenient to my training facility.  Really enjoyed my stay.

The beds are very comfortable and clean. We stay here every time that we are in Fort Collins. Very child friendly.

This place isn't far from the interstate, but it's four miles from the university and five miles from downtown. It's located in a business park area, very well landscaped, quiet, free parking out front, several good restaurants a quick drive away. Very nice room, everything worked well in the room. But the whirlpool in the pool was broke down. Breakfast was typical, but good.

Excellent place to stay at a decent price

Holiday Inn always delivers the best service best quality rooms and excellent staff, which is why we tend to always choose. Holiday Inn is our place to stay. Breakfast was awesome. We left feeling happy and well rested.

Collin, front desk staff during our 4 night stay, was exceptional in his understanding and help during a stressful time. We had no idea each day whether we would be able to return to our home and he worked with us to extend on a day to day basis.

The staff greets you and is very helpful with whatever the guest needs. The room is always nice and clean. The pool is great! The location is really convenient. The breakfast was so delicious and had many options! I stay here every year.

Our stay at the Fort Collins property was wonderful. The room was clean, the staff was very friendly and the breakfast options were great. I will stay there again

The staff at this location are top notch, very friendly and helpful. I had a pleasant stay with no issues whatsoever.

Room was clean.  Plenty of hot water for shower.  In room coffee.  Breakfast was good with a good variety. Staff very friendly and service excellent!  Felt comfortable and safe with surroudings. 

Bathroom had a broken floor tile but did not present any danger.  Shower could use some touch up on caulking.

I booked a room to have a place for my friends and I to stay after my bachelorette party. The room was spacious and clean and perfect for all of us to be able to stay together. I also loved the location because it was close to everything we needed.

Night / morning and breakfast manager was great.

This facility just had everything a guest would have designed if they designed it.  Best blackout window covering i have every experienced.  Rooms very comfortable in all aspects.  Staff spectacular.  Breakfast had great variety and everything about it was great.  Great value.  Excellent location.  I wish a place like this had been everywhere i had stayed over my long career.  Just wonderful.

Very friendly staff. Room was clean. Great location.

I always like staying at Holiday Inn Express Hotels, they are my hotel of choice. They are always very clean and comfortable as far as the atmosphere and amenities. They always seem to stay consistent in those areas at every location.

I was not able to get a comfortable night's sleep after a long day's drive because the bed mattresses were so worn down.

This hotel is ok. The bed is comfortable and there were two firm and two soft pillows for a king sized bed. WiFi is good. They provide Dove brand soap, shampoo, conditioner and lotion which was nice. The hotel was quiet. The desk light didn’t work. The alarm clock display was partially burned out. The bathroom tile grout was partially gone. Breakfast was the normal hotel breakfast, scrambled eggs, link sausage, biscuits and gravy, waffles etc. On Saturday they offered cheese omelets. The orange juice machine always had the refill light on but I did get orange juice so I’m not sure what was going on with that. The pool and hot tub weren’t open during the day due to maintenance but I never saw anyone working in there. They did have a ladder set up though. The exercise room is small but adequate.

Friendly staff, easy check in process,  comfortable bed.

Like I said before the air conditioner didn’t work so we got moved to a different room the second room. The phone did not work. We had a call down on our cell phones. The pool was dirty and the hot tub. The Jets didn’t work and there was hair all over inside the pool, floating on top meaning that it was not filtering.

Great stay. Holiday Inn Express is our goto hotel. Room was nice, clean and staff was nice. Nice central location.

Staff was friendly and room was clean. Location was perfect for our stay in Fort Collins.

Very nice and peaceful. Great location. Friendly folks

Clean hotel, friendly staff and very convenient location.

The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was clean as well. Front desk staff were very welcoming and friendly.
Breakfast was pretty good for continental breakfast and there were a good variety of choices.

The bed and room were cozy. It was clean upon arrival and the beds are super cozy. The front desk staff was nice when talking to them. There were a few times that I had to wait at the front desk for over 5+ minutes due to a staff member being in the back. Otherwise, no issues.

We appreciate having a reasonably priced hotel with basic facilities. The front desk was polite. The one area that could use improvement was breakfast: food was not as good as other visits; rotten bananas were put out - why bother?; coffee out/had to wait; no cream cheese for bagels; no salsa or condiment packets out for warm food.

staff was super friendly and accommodating                                                                                                                 .                                                   ..

Room was fine - nicely laid out - was quiet for me - the entire place was well designed and built - I have to use a cane and was able to negotiate the area well -from parking lot to room  on the fourth floor

The hotel was clean and conveniently located. The breakfast was sparce due to the ovens being out. I would visit again because they were fixed before my trip was over. The staff was friendly. I didn't have any issues during my stay. The road noise was a bit loud during the day but I didn't have any issues sleeping because of it.

Clean, comfortable, and an easy access to all necessary shops to help set my child for college nearby.  Staff were happy, positive and helpful.

Great location with easy parking. Friendly and helpful staff. Very good breakfast. iHop right next door. Supermarket and restaurants across the street. Pool and hot tub to relax after excursions. Great jumping off point from hiking in the mountains to shopping old town.

very unhappy with stay. had family also stay for 7 nights they had no problems. many issues with your housekeeping

Great serve for the price.  Close to Colorado State University and other amenities.  Staff is always friendly and happy to help!

Good - Staff, breakfast

Bad - Mold in shower, shower spray did not work properly, missed leaving new towels twice, missed cleaning room once, cold swimming pool. final bill more than confirmed price

Seemed fine. carpet a little dated, but most hotels are. rest of the room was clean. pool looked nice and actually has good hours. didn't get to use though. breakfast was eh, but again- most continental breakfasts are. Location is 10-15mins from Ft Collins Downtown area.

We love the location of this hotel. You can easily access the major streets to get most anywhere quickly. 
The beds here are also very comfortable. Some people might think they are too soft, but for short stays we really enjoy them. 
There are also lots of different breakfast options that I appreciate.

Beds seem a little old. Very soft. Pool and hot tub seem dirty, quite cloudy. Breakfast staff Sunday morning was wonderful. Very personable, and made my kids and me laugh. Overall a very nice place to relax.

Nice area
Easy to get to and from
Cleanliness
Just stayed overnight

Quiet neighborhood. Friendly and informative staff

A nice place to stay when in Fort Collins well located in the city.a short drive to CSU

Air conditioner unit only stayed on when there was motion. Every 30 minutes the unit would automatically turn off until it sensed motion & then would turn back on. The room quickly became hot when a/c turned off which meant we had to get out bed every 30 minutes or so to activate. 

I notified front desk clerk the next morning of the problem & was told that the manager would get ahold of me. It is now 1 week later & I never received any communication from manager so I called hotel & am again awaiting a response. We have been on the road for 2 weeks for this trip & this hotel stay was the worst experience of the trip. The fact that our complaint appears to be ignored compounds the dissatisfaction. We will never stay at this hotel again when visiting this area again!

I always select holiday inn express and everything was excellent. I used my free nights and am pleased today was treated quite well

THE MORNING LADIES WERE VERY ATTENTIVE TO OUR NEEDS. I AM SORRY I DID NOT CATCH THEIR NAMES. ROBERT ON THE NIGHT SHIFT WENT ABOVE AND BEYOND TO MAKE OUR STAY SUCCESFUL. OVERALL THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST IHG STAYS WE HAVE HAD.

Très bon rapport qualité prix, rien à redire !

The front desk morning shift gal was really great! We came a little early for check in but she got us in no problem and even gave us a complimentary upgrade! The room was great, came with everything we needed. Bed was very soft and comfy, and the whole room was really clean!

Great location for our trip to Rocky Mountian National park, after camping for days. Also very good breakfast!

Hotel is in a good location but the AC leaves things to be desired

On a hot summer night having a room with cold air and soft beds is all our family of 4 needed. Staff was very accommodating with our late night check in. There were no luggage carts at the front entrance, Ethan promptly searched the property and found some.

We needed a hotel in a pinch and were lucky to find this hotel right along our path, and for cheaper than competing hotel chains! We had a great stay and would highly recommend!

Great location and value. Has many activities, restaurants and central to FoCo area.

Overall a great experience at Holiday Inn. We stayed at few places during this trip and Holiday Inn was by far the best experience we had. Bed and pillows were super comfortable, very clean, breakfast bar was awesome, very friendly staff member. We would come back again.

The stay was not great and would not recommend a second stay at this location

The room was very hot while sleeping due to a motion sensor on the thermostat. I would wake up every hour or so to a room that was 74 degrees and I would be sweating. Would have to physically get up and walk toward the thermostat in order for the A/C to turn on.

Great place to stay!  Would recommend to everyone!  Food was wonderful and staff was friendly!

Robert was wonderful- friendly, helpful and efficient. Pool and whirlpool have been out of service for several months but pool was open on our last stay. Breakfast has improved over our several stays this winter and spring. Pancake machine was repaired, fresh fruit was replenished and bagels were replaced- early visit they were the same bagels for the whole weekend. An employee has been available in the area and has been helpful.
Most of our beds were great although the last bed we had was saggy.
Clean bathrooms

If you are traveling with pets, this is the place to stay in Ft. Collins.  It was great to be able to reserve a first floor room close to exits.  The pet areas are perfectly clean and easily accessible from all exits.  The staff, including front desk, breakfast set-up, and housekeeping were very friendly and accessible.  I make this my preferred stop on cross-country road trips with my two standard poodles.  Also, overall, this is a very family-friendly, yet quiet hotel and an accessible location, close to other amenities.

Our room was great and the bed was super comfortable!  The breakfast was lacking.  On Monday the breakfast was good, however by Wednesday there were many items missing. There wasn't any orange juice, muffins,  the bananas were brown, the oatmeal was like glue, it seems to be the same oatmeal since Monday, .(just heating it up and the container getting lower).  By Saturday many items were replenished, however still no orange juice.

Thermostat in room was not connected to AC.  AC had a reostat, No yay to set a temperature.  Took two days to figure it out.  I have not seen a setup like this since the 1960s

Overall, rather good, but non-English speaking part of the staff was hard to communicate with, the bed was lumpy along with the hot tub being out of service caused some discomfort.

Room was clean and comfortable.  All staff was excellent

We enjoyed staying at this hotel. Friendly staff. Good breakfast. No major issues. We would stay there again on our next trip. Very nice area. Felt very safe.

I have gone to Holiday Inns since I was in FFA in high school and they are always my first choice! Always clean, always helpful people nearby, and I don't get interrupted and am able to relax. This hotel definitely helped my anniversary trip be great and my girlfriend loved it as well!

The room was very clean. The remote even had a plastic cover over it, which I appreciate. The bed was incredibly comfortable with pillows that allow for comfort.

This was the 2nd leg of our trip home and was a route we hadn't taken before. We always stay at Holiday Inn Express because of the quality of the rooms and we like the breakfast.

Great place to rest before/after work. Arrived to a clean room, great tub, and very comfortable bed. Check in and check out were a breeze. Would definitely stay here again. 

There werent any drink choices that I liked in the shop, that might have been the only drawback.

Always clean, great staff, and quiet. The only place we stay in Fort Collins.

Room was clean. Staff was very cordial. I’ll be staying here again. Breakfast was great as well.

The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The room and bathroom was very clean. Convenient location to the university (short drive). Quiet area. Easy access to nearby shopping and restaurants (with vehicle).

This property featured very friendly service with clean well appointed rooms. I will stay at this location again if needed and recommend it to others.

Sure do not have that much to say that is for sure.

The front office staff is lovely and very accommodating. The breakfast is good, pretty standard for a Holiday Inn Express. Our room was refreshed, beds made and new towels. Overall, it was a great location and had great amenities. We will stay there again.

Great room very comfortable and clean. Awesome staff.

The staff were friendly and helpful many times over the course of my stay.

Solid place, well kept, good placement of outlets by the bed, modern hotel

The hotel in Fort Collins always is a welcoming place for us. We travel to Fort Collins several times a month and usually stay here. It is a home away from home. The staff is so friendly and helpful, most of the staff know us so they are sure  to inquire about how we are doing.

My family stayed here over memorial day weekend and loved it. The staff were amazing (Robert in particular was an amazing host). My boys loved the pool and hot tub and we couldn't get enough of the cinnamon rolls at breakfast. Would highly recommend if passing through!

Check in was smooth, the room was great and we slept well, next morning we had a good meal and left happy

Excellent hotel, super front desk staff!! Kayleigh, Robert and Ash are the best, very accommodating!! Was in town for our daughter’s wedding and they took care of any little problems that came up!! very clean rooms and great breakfast!!

The air-conditioner did not work,  maintenance was supposed to fix it, however they never came.  No shower curtain. Traffic was really loud and the air-conditioner would have helped not just to keep the noise down but keep the room cool enough to sleep in. Hope for the next person staying in that room it gets fixed before it really gets hot. We had the window as opened as much as you can (about an inch) and propped the door open with the trashcan just to get a little air in the room. The towels are old, chunks out of carpet in our room and they had no water running for awhile as well.

my say at the Holiday Inn express in Fort Collins, was very accommodating. The front desk personnel were very pleasant and help me to secure the additional two nights I needed, and even give me a lower rate than Priceline. The room is very clean. The parking was very safe and the breakfast was very good.

,dnv/laerigj'qrgj'alwerjfewlkgaerligj4qojesv.dfmbr'lriegj

Have stayed here many times due to location. However the price gouging due to college graduation was very extreme. Two times the normal rate.  I understand that all the hotels were doing the same. I feel that rewards members should have at least been able to use a portion of their points to help defray the cost.

Great service, the staff is very friendly and helpful. The only improvement I could see would be adding a waffle maker for breakfast.

Nice Holiday Inn, though some of the caulking in the bathroom was in rough shape.  Linens were very soft, beds were comfortable.  I really enjoyed the pool and hot tub which no one was using.  Water was perfect temperature. Breakfast was delicious.  I really like the egg white omelets!  One irritating thing was that my key never worked.   We were only there for one night so I didn't bother dealing with it but it was a pain always having to find my husband and use his.

Good hotel but very pricey. Far from old Town and CSU. Would prefer upgraded shampoo and conditioner. Room was not ready when I arrived they said I had to wait an hour but it was available after 20 minutes. Fresh creamer in the room would be nice.

Hotel is in a very nice residential area, front desk young man was very friendly and welcoming. room was clean and bed was comfortable.  There is construction on Harmony road so it took extra time to get there during rush hour.  There are several restaurants walking distance from the hotel, and the included breakfast was decent.  The only problem was that my toilet did not flush, so we had to get a plunger from the front desk.  They were too quick to give me a plunger, that I suspect this is an ongoing problem!!

We enjoyed our stay at this property. Bed was so comfy, with nice luxe pillows. Quiet and clean room. Good location for our stay, and good hot breakfast. Enjoyed swimming and whirlpool, and large clean bathroom.

The cinnamon rolls at breakfast are awesome. The staff is friendly. Had an issue with my bill. Kaylee took care of me and made it right. We will stay here again next time we are in Fort Collins.

I was visiting Ft Collins to spend time with my son and run the Colorado Marathon. We finished the race which was amazing. Everything was wonderful. The only recommendation would be for better coffee in the room please.

From the time we checked in to the time we left we did not have a single problem. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet. The breakfast is a full breakfast with lots of choices. We were the only ones in the pool area all three times we went and there were plenty of towels available. The location was good for us and we even walked through the neighborhood and felt very safe.

Blackout curtain in the room was perfect for a relaxing sleep. Coffee setup was very good for us early morning coffee drinkers. The breakfast choices were great with lots of choice.  Very unusual in my travelling experiences.  Conveniently located to the airport.

Great experience. Staff was very friendly and the rooms and hotel were very clean. Will recommend for all visiting Fort Collins.

Supported our son for his 26 miles CO Marathon in Fort Collins.

Great staff and rooms but the walls are very thin so can be noisy 
It is very popular with families at the weekend 
If you are staying for an extended period the self laundry facility is very limited as only one machine for the whole hotel

We came to CO for a getaway, and we stopped choose the holiday inn express as it is ideally located where we wanted to go.
What a disappointment! The bed was harder then a rock on steroids,  I tried sleeping on the chase lounger, but the traffic noise sounded like traffic driving through your room! The bathroom, the shower door handle falls off and so does the door!
The outlets in the bathroom do not work.
Room #300
The hallways had trash strung across it, they vaccum late at night you could hear other doors shutting.
The pool sucked it was cold! The hot tub felt like a heated pool!
For the price of the hotel, I would expect better quality, over all I would not suggest If you are not in an emergency situation!

The hotel was very clean and the rooms were updated. Front desk was very welcoming. We enjoyed our quick stay while in Fort Collins, and the price was very reasonable

I appreciate the great service from check-in to check-out!  The overall cleanliness of the hotel was outstanding!

Location is a big plus for me. As it near restaurants, shopping and gas stations.

Very nice property close to restaurants malls cinema. The are that is build in is so close to everything, coffee shops, there is an I-hoop next to it. If you want to take a walk is so good, there is a trail next to it in a very nice community. So lease full to walk and safe. 
Is so close to the Lovelan property an is $30 less for 15 miles of drive time. This will be from here on the Hotel I will stay.

I had a comfortable experience. Breakfast was great. Would recommend to anyone staying in Fort Collins. Hotel is a great location.

Great staff & greeted us every time we passed them. A great breakfast every morning without having to go out! Clean & comfy room!

Great hotel. And I come to town.I definitely will stay here

I highly recommend this property for the value at price per night.  There are no busy streets or freeways within a couple of blocks so it is very peaceful.  The rooms are clean spacious and the beds are comfortable.

Has all the bathroom needs Shampoo conditioner soap body wash great towels

Staff is very friendly at this location and the property is at a great location.

Needed a place to relax after a medical treatment. Did just that at this hotel.  The room was very clean, comfortable and quite. Lobby was clean and inviting.  Staff very friendly and helpful.  No issues with parking.  Easy to find.

This is I believe the 11th stay at this property, and as always everything was smooth and efficient. No issues with anything; the room was quiet and everything in order; breakfast was great in the morning. Hotel is in a quieter part of Fort Collins but the city is small and everything including the CSU campus is within a few minutes drive. Parking is no problem, and this time I noticed the Diamond Elite spaces which may have been there a while but this time for some reason they stood out. Easy to recommend!

The rooms were great except the pillows were too soft. I was really unhappy to learn that the hot tub was out of order. That was the main reason we booked there. I like that it wasn't very far from food and adult beverages. Or where where I had an appointment at.

We decided to do a 4 day get-a-way and we choose Ft. Collins.  Beautiful town, very clean, Hotel was in a great area, 15 mins from everything.  Front Desk gave good advise on restaurants, hiking spots and downtown.  We did it all, area was quite, housekeeping staff friendly and helpful.  Nice clean rooms.  Gym was nice, had some dumbells and machines to do a real workout.  Breakfast was fine, we were limited on diet so didn't get to expand, but overall a good selection.

The beds were very comfortable and the staff accommodated our request to move to a room farther away from the noisy elevators. We rested well and enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Highly recommend!

The stay at this location was very clean, relaxing and comforting. The room had all toiletries needed that one may forget when leaving home to stay else where. The comfort of the bed, pillows and sheets was as if sleeping on a cloud.

I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Express in Fort Collins. I would stay there again, and I recommend it to others. Most impressive was the customer service of the front desk staff. They were friendly, professional, and answered all of my questions.

From the moment I checked in, to my room and the breakfast service, my stay here was perfect.

Extremely friendly staff

I was able to get a late check out and the staff was the friendliest I have ever experienced

no hot water to shower in morning. waited for over 5 minutes and gave up.

The guy at the front desk who checked us in seemed annoyed and uninterested. The rooms are outdated with a small tv and a manual AC unit on the wall. I found out at 1 am that my heat wasn’t working so it was a nice cool 63 when I woke up. Definitely would not stay here again.

The staff and crew are ahead of the game. Trust them to go above and beyond for you and your needs. Everything was just perfect

Overall positive.  Breakfast identical every morning and not varied enough.  The height of the toilet was ridicules.  The location of the hotel very convenient.  We would recommend your hotel and plan more stays.

My stay was very relaxing and enjoyable. I would highly recommend that you stay at this Holiday Inn.

This hotel has the best customer service! The staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. The property is very clean and the beds are very comfortable! Breakfast is really good and the area is spotless.

The location is beautiful and the outside is beautiful..  well I haven't stayed yet but I will definitely give it 5 stars

Just had a great 3 night stay.  The room was clean and nice.  The staff was very polite.  Robert was great.  He was very energetic and helpful in both the evenings and at breakfast.  You would never guess he worked all night.  Every hotel needs a Robert on staff.

I will stay again if in the area.

Plenty of room, clean pool, good breakfast, excellent staff, will stay again!

Best Hotel I have crashed at in two years, clean rooms quiet atmosphere and safe parking.

Greeted as a diamond member. I always ask for a fresh set of sheets when I arrive because of my OCD. Some people give me problems about it but there were no questions asked and had a response of no problem and given them. Even though i am medicated my OCD is still something I still have to deal with. The hotel was clean. The bedroom and bathroom was clean. The front desk concierge was clean and friendly despite it being so late at 1am. This is why I usually always pick holiday inn express hotels. They are clean and affordable and allow dogs for a reasonable price.

This hotel was in a perfect location, you could walk to get food if you didn’t feel like driving. Staff is super friendly and was more than happy to accommodate us when needed. Check in and check out was painless and the surrounding area felt safe.

From the day we checked in till the day we checked out everything was great!! Clean rooms love the jacuzzi breakfast was great and Ethan was amazing!!!Thanks Ethan for your upbeat positive attitude!!!

The hotel was super clean but the main reason for a great visit was you could feel the customer first focus from every staff member we encountered throughout our stay.

The bed and pillows were so comfortable, I wanted to take them home with me (of course I didn’t).  There was a wide variety of food and beverages for breakfast.  The hotel is not too far from the highway and near (but not in) the busy downtown area.  It was a great price for a weeknight.  Would stay here again.

Always clean rooms, good service and breakfast.

Had a great stay at this hotel, bed was comfy and room was clean. Would stay again.

I highly recommend and I will be staying again. The room was clean and the staff was nice.

I was impressed with the cordiality of the staff. They were young people but very friendly and efficient which is not common in the age group.  Breakfast bar was stocked and food kept warm. Lobby and guest room were nice and clean.

very nice staff and comfortable beds, great beds.

The lamps next to the bed were upside down, there were two thermostats one didn't work, the new heaters were in wall units with out digital control. Room hold was the highest I've seen for any ihg hotel, which I still haven't gotten back yet.

The young man we spoke with on the phone prior to our arrival and upon our arrival was very upbeat,  friendly and professional.  He was informative and helpful.  A great representative for Holiday Inn Express.  Our room was clean,  quiet and very comfortable. Breakfast was good and provided a variety of options.

So cozy .
Robert at the breakfast area in a cheerful and respectful manner keeps all clean and well supplied .
4 luggage carts in working condition which is rare at holidays inn this year .
Rooms clean and comfortable . Quiet and with all comfortable furniture
Luciana kept the room well stocked and clean

Nice, clean room with the necessary sleeping options for our family (3 beds). The breakfast options were great (the cinnamon rolls are amazing). The only thing needed is a fan in the bathroom!

The staff was so accommodating.  They aim to please with smiles and were so kind. I have stayed in many Holiday Inn Expresses and they exceeded all the others in hospitality.

Our room was quiet and clean, which we needed since we were there for recovery from surgery. We also appreciated that we could have our dog with us. The location was close to good restaurants and our doctor. The staff was friendly and helpful. It was also nice to have the breakfast included.

Very comfortable beds which is a huge plus for me. Also love there sheets they are sooo soft.

We had a lovely visit. The rooms were clean, updated and comfortably sized. We were thrilled with the reasonable pet fee. The pillows were great.....way better than expected.
We chose this hotel for 3 reasons.
Included breakfast, pet friendly, and the hotub.
Though the hot could use a good scrub it was great and available for us by ourselves every evening we were there.
Breakfast waa better than expected as well, from hot food to cereal to fruit, it was great.
Reasonable pet rates made the stay really easy, convenient, and pleasant.

Robert and all the staff were helpful and friendly. We would definitely recommend to travelers and we will definitely be back.

It was not an inexpensive hotel, but it was not a bank breaker either.

The gentlemen refilling the breakfast items was amazing!  On spot, quick to serve, did not mind when I requested some eggs 10 minutes before the end of breakfast.  I loved my stay there and can't wait to get back to Fort Collins to visit.

The staff was very accommodating and remembered us from a previous visit about a year ago.  All in all, this is a great property and a good value.

The staff were wonderful and the beds were very comfortable. It was a great place to spend the night.

This hotel location is great (central to a lot of food, entertainment, etc.), but the rooms are subpar. First time we stayed here (about two years ago), I got sick so I thought my perception was a little warped, but then we recently stayed here again (end of August 2023). Different rooms, but both times the rooms had a musty (and almost smokey) smell to them; the bathrooms don't have fans, so the rooms get incredibly humid whenever someone takes a shower. The towel hook on the back of the door was busted, and the wallpaper in both the bathroom and main room was peeling. Generally, the rooms are a bit gross (even for a hotel, which I don't normally have high standards for). The front desk staff were very nice, but unfortunately, I don't think we'll be staying here again (lots of other hotel options in the area the next time we visit the Fort Collins area).

the bed was comfortable, the room a good size, the bathroom was a bit hard for me to shower but doable, the breakfast was good, all the people friendly and helpful.

Staff is very friendly. Did have an issue with getting the room made up, they were short staffed

They young lady was very  helpful  to explain process to explain to  confirm  check out and check in on my other reservation  of same room and when access to amenities  and breakfast was available I was very impressed with  her Ashley

The staff was very professional at check in and departure.  The breakfast person was very friendly and helpful, they were out of a couple of items but no big deal.  The room was clean and beds comfy.  Will stay here again when in Fort Collins.

The stay would have been great if the ac in the room worked but it was super stuffy and fairly hot.

Das Hotel liegt etwas außerhalb. Die Geräuschkulisse ist durch die Hauptstraße doch sehr laut. Was ich hervorheben möchte: Das Zimmer wird noch jeden Tag gereinigt und zwar ohne dass man dies extra sagen muss. Wir mussten erfahren, dass es in fast allen Hotels unserer Rundreise mittlerweile üblich ist, dass eine Reinigung nur noch erfolgt, wenn man sich früh genug meldet.|Es hat mich aber doch sehr gestört, dass die Toilette keinen Deckel hatte. Beim Frühstück war leider kein Orangensaft verfügbar, ebenso waren die Schüsseln, wo eigentlich frisches Obst drin liegen sollte, leer. Beim dem für deutsche Verhältnisse eher bescheidenem Frühstück, dass man grundsätzlich in Amerika bekommt, sollten zumindest die vorgesehenen Sachen auch verfügbar sein. |Unser Zimmer lag im Erdgeschoss und war auch sehr dunkel.

This was the most disappointing stay. Room rate online and actual charge was not the same. Barking dog next door very early in morning. Went down for breakfast 8am(tuesday morning) and there was absolutely no breakfast available. No cinnamon rolls, toast, milk for ceareal, fresh fruit or anything. Was told by staff that the hotel was busier than expected over weekend and the manager did not order enough food. Thry were waiting for a truck delivery. If breakfast started serving at 6am and you realized you had nothing to serve for a full hotel...would management not run to the grocery store to at least grab milk and bananas for cereal, bread for toast to serve your guest? Very poor management.  Ended up eating breakfast next door at Ihop..additional $40 for family of 3. Would not recommend this hotel.

They were very friendly and had good service. They were also very dog friendly. My only recommendation would be that they keep the drink machine filled at breakfast, but that is so minor all the other services overshadowed it.

We were in town for a soccer tournament. The kids loved the pool and the hotel was very clean. The hotel set and exceeded my expectations! I always appreciate that you know just what you’ll get with a holiday inn express and this was no different!

This is a quality IHG hotel.  Rooms were clean, staff was nice, breakfast service was well stocked and clean.

Nice. Newer facility.

Great Holiday Inn Express.  Better than any Hampton I have stayed at post-covid.

Very clean rooms. Service was great. Staff very friendly.

Quiet wxcept for a small dog that we heard barking in the night.
Other than that good service,breakfast  ok. No hot chocolate!

Everyone was very helpful and extremely nice. The breakfast guy was the absolute best!! Super friendly and engaging with guests. Rooms were clean, beds were comfy. We were moving in our daughter to Colorado State. We will definitely stay here on our next visit

Robert was so delightful. Personality plus, and he made sure we had everything we needed in the breakfast area. We told him he needed to be cloned. We need more Robert's in the world. We hope God blesses him and his son in many ways.😇

This is a quality property and it was well managed - we enjoyed our stay.

Catching up on older reviews today, this one goes back to this past March. This stay was another great one, as have all of the every 6 month overnight stays the past few years at this particular property. Clean and well appointed rooms, exceptionally friendly desk and breakfast staff, and dog friendly!

This is extremely sneaky. Booked through the IHG app and at checked out, found a hidden fee that they absolutely do not tell you about.  They add an additional "Fort Collins" tax. Our hidden tax was $18.11. This should be disclosed when booking room or at check in. Breakfast was good other than the meats being very overcooked each morning. Other than that, the stay was great, rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly.

Staff was very friendly!  I hate the geometric wallpaper, and the grout was coming out of the tile in the bathroom and there was no working vent to get the steam out, but the rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable and I wish I owned a set of those bed sheets!!! Had a great night sleep!  I recommend this place for sure.

This is extremely sneaky. Booked through the IHG app and at checked out, found a hidden fee that they absolutely do not tell you about.  They add an additional "Fort Collins" tax. Our hidden tax was $18.11. This should be disclosed when booking room or at check in. Breakfast was good other than the meats being very overcooked each morning. Other than that, the stay was great, rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly.

The crew are just so welcoming.

The hotel met all of my expectations - there is a hot tub, the hotel and room were clean, the typical holiday inn express breakfast was available. The staff was welcoming and helpful. The hotel has a convenient location.

Hotel was very nice but I have to give extra props to Robert. He was super friendly and great with kids. He provided great service!>

We stayed one night on a road trip, but there were some great things here. First, the staff was great. Of all the hotels we stayed at, this one had the best gentleman working the breakfast. There were like a million Boy Scouts and he was great with them and also the people who weren’t with them (us). He was wonderful. The choices for breakfast were few though not his fault. The mattresses were a broken down mess and were the worst thing about the hotel. Otherwise everything else was wonderful. I used the washer and dryer and it was great. Nice hot tub and pool. Also I booked online and requested an ADA room since my mother is in a wheelchair but we found out when we arrived that the 2 queen suite is not available in ADA.

We arrived a few minutes early and our room was ready, which was great. Our room was on the side of the hotel away from the major street and at the end of a hallway, so was pretty quiet. It was very clean and the bed was good. Overall, housekeeping was excellent! 

Breakfast the first morning was sparse with no fruit or juice. We were assured that a delivery was coming and it would be fully stocked the next morning. But that delivery did not happen. The second morning had even fewer offerings. When we were there, omelets, sausage and oatmeal was available, as was dry cereal. But there was no milk, yogurt, juice, fruit, or any bread products (bread muffins, bagels, pastries). It was really poor. On another day the oatmeal was not ready at the beginning of the breakfast time. On days when the room was stocked, the offerings were what would be expected and adequate. The breakfast room was clean, and the attendants were observed wiping tables, etc. 

The bathroom in our room was pretty good except for the slippery tub, which was a safety concern for us. The elevator floors and the area in front of the elevators had coffee spills that were sometimes left for hours. My husband mentioned that a large spill had been there for hours to a petite lady at the front desk, and her comment was, "It happens." And if you need to do laundry, you need to know that there is only one washer and one dryer. 

The worst part of our stay was an unfortunate conversation with the general manager. That's all I will say about that, but that's the reason we won't stay here again. You might find this hotel pretty good.

Clean comfortable room. Genuinely friendly staff. 
Close to amenities.

This hotel has the hardest working, nicest, most helpful and professional staff I have ever seen experienced. I travel with a severely handicapped daughter and the staff could not have been more accommodating. They were always working no matter what time of the day or night truly excellent staff! They had quarters ready and available for laundry as well as soap etc. just very very helpful.

Great breakfast and comfy beds.

Got into the hotel late hotel staff was very accommodating. The room was very clean. The bathroom was also clean but very slippery. It was hard to relax and sleep with kids running up and down the hall consistently throughout the night and in the morning. Check out was smooth and easy.

This facility provides alot of amenities, such as a small exercise room, a small pool, and a nook that has 2 computers to do business near the front desk. No, its not the most grand of places but suits fine for business travel and is perfect for that use. You can get some exercise in, get a good breakfast and are treated with respect. Did not look for a conference room but it really meets the need of a Holiday Inn Express. I do like how they have a set way of being consistent with breakfast. Good beds, and since it ws business, didn't really use the TV or pool. Good place to stay. Pricing is about average for the area.

I've stayed at this hotel +10 times in the last 2 years since Covid. I come into town for work and as Platinum member I stay at this location or the Candlewood Suites nearby. I typically prefer this location for the complimentary breakfast and the general service level. I've written positive reviews of this location in the past.
On this occasion I paid a much higher rate than usual and encountered an issue with breakfast. At 8:00 AM the breakfast was completely empty. Not just empty like after a youth sports team but COMPLETELY empty. No milk, no meats, no baked goods, waffles, anything. The staff did nothing to rectify, just pretended like that was not an issue.
I generally do not care much for the breakfast anyway, but to just neglect the fact that it was sub par service was not what I had expected. 
Next time, put up a note in the afternoon and bring in some pizzas or something to say sorry we F'ed up.

This hotel was conveniently located near Canvas Stadium where we had some football business to take care of.  The pool & hot tub were fantastic kids approved. IHOP next door to the hotel was great. Would definitely stay again if we were in the area.

Great hotel right in FT Collins. Rooms were clean and tidy and was in a great location.

The staff was incredible, the rooms were clean, parking was available, and the breakfast was great. We would recommend this hotel to anyone. The gentleman who checked us in deserves a raise, and I wish for folks like him worked in the industry.

This hotel was fantastic. The staff was friendly and the accommodations were great! Incredibly comfortable bed to get a good nights sleep. The breakfast was also delicious and something that helped fuel our drive the next day!

Good for a quick overnight stay in Ft. Collins, on a business trip.. Good location - for restaurants, etc.

This is a favorite property of ours to stop on our way to Montana.  It is clean, nice rooms and comfortable beds.  The staff are attentive and do a great job.  The area around the property is very nice, safe and walkable.  A great place to stop with your pets too.

Great overall experience we'll stay there again in the future. Location was great and convenient four our needs. Wife likes detachable showerheads only thing she didn't like about the room.  Quiet and comfortable room.

Our room had an A/C Fan but it would cool any further than 75 degrees

We like to stay the holiday inn expresses,,, rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, breakfast is pretty good,,, but wish more choices for those of us who have to eat gluten free..

Staff was pleasant and friendly, room was updated and clean, breakfast was good. Pets are allowed! We were up in Ft. Collins for a show at the Mishawaka Amphitheater and couldn't get a dog sitter, so we brought them along and they had the best time. We would stay here again.

We were greeted by a very happy upbeat gentleman. He explained everything to us. He was very clear and concise. The hotel overall was very clean and well kept. The room was clean as well and very comfortable.

Comfortable room. Great amenities.

Staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good would have preferred regular bacon.  Parking is good entrance was different as it was around the corner .

Check in was very slow but this is a very nice hotel. Beds are comfortable and room was newly remodeled and well maintained. The only thing that I found nasty was the quality of the provided body. Lotion came out watery with clumps. Overall, I would stay here again.

Room was clean and comfortable to. Facilities were easy to use plenty of towels, washcloths and necessary items comfortable bed pillows and bed clothes. Pull chains on window blinds were somewhat difficult but functional.

The staff at this hotel were so friendly and accommodating. The complimentary breakfast was good and had a nice variety. The pool was clean. Our room was great with a really comfortable bed. Absolutely will be back!

The hotel is nice, but the noise from the traffic near the road is pretty bad at night.

Parking lot is well lit, staff is friendly and welcoming. Hotel is clean and beds are comfortable. There is a main road (Harmony Rd) behind the hotel with contestant traffic noise especially in the  bed closer to the window. We were on the second floor and traffic could definitely see right into our window when passing (see photos). Ask for an even # room if you don’t want to experience this.

Stayed here many times - very convenient for access to Fort Collins as well as I-25; super clean and quiet

Bed, room was quite and the front desk answered all the questions I had.

This location is one of the best for Holiday Inn Express, and I’ve stayed a lot of places. The only issue that I had was missing my black lab who died a year ago - he used to be greeted with me regularly at this location.

Stayed at this wonderful hotel during our stay in Fort Collins for the Colorado half marathon. The hot tub and pool were the highlight for our kids. Plenty of parking, clean rooms, quiet hotel, and overall a great experience.

Clean rooms. Staff was friendly. Standard  hotel breakfast. I would stay here again.

This hotel meets or exceeds my expectations in every respect. The rooms are spacious and have every convenience I need, with sufficient plugs and USB ports. The breakfast is very good, with cheese omelets, turkey sausage, fruit, juices, DIY pancakes, and those wonderful cinnamon rolls. 2% milk, rather than whole, is a plus. The indoor pool is nice, and the hot tub is large and delightfully warm. They have a small fitness center that is open 24/7, and a large eating area with lots of tables that are available for all day. Breakfast hours are a generous 6-10. Just a great hotel. But it's not easy to see from the nearest major street (Harmony) so it's easy to miss without a map (or Google Maps).

Great friendly staff, clean common areas, they have a pool!

I had a trip planned into Wyoming for work, and misjudged the weather report, and ended up needing to stay in Colorado instead. I found this property and decided to stay while I tried to wait the weather out. The front desk was very good, and friendly and efficient. The room was clean as was the property. Breakfast had plenty of choices, a bit overcooked for some items, but otherwise great for a free breakfast. 

On a side note, I did plan on staying the rest of the week at this property, and looked up using my points to do so, found the property was eligible to use my points for the dates I wanted to. Mentioned to the evening front desk I would be staying over, and would be booking a new reservation using my points. (just so he would be aware I was already in the hotel) Went to dinner and came back to book and the points option was not available any longer for any dates for the rest of the week. But other IHG property's within the 10 mile radius were available. I found this to be suspect, and regretted saying anything about staying using some of my points. I chose to check out the next day and moved to another IHG for the last two nights of my trip.

The staff was friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the hot tub! The staff was awesome when we brought our dogs inside. The room was big enough for us and our dogs. The room was a good temperature all night.

Clean property outside and inside. The kitchen host was welcoming and up for a good conversation. The nearby Orange Theory Fitness location was easy to get to.

Nice, clean hotel that is located in great proximity to grocery stores and restaurants.

Hotel was a distance from interstate and noise could be heard in rooms from the main road. However, easy drive off interstate and an ihop restaurant was a 2 minute walk if you didn't want to venture out again. Hotel staff pleasant and helpful.

Comfortable place, great, helpful staff. Positive atmosphere.

The room was clean and the breakfast was average. The floor and tub in my bathroom showed signs of wear and tear including cracking in the grout lines. The bed was sunk in on one side, but otherwise comfortable. One thing to note: if your room is on the north side of the building there will be lots of traffic noise from Harmony Street.

Great service / Staff is excellent / Needed a last minute reservation and they were great /I will stay there again 
I highly recommend this hotel location.

This is a decent motel to stay at for business uses. the pool looks a little bit small for families w teenagers. It would be nice to have a little bigger fridge with a freezer section in it in the rooms.   I would stay here again.  Overall, it was a good place to stay at.  I could use some bacon and more pork sausage for breakfast.

Good, but could have had a better room, ice machines in all floors, a little cleaner room, and a DVD player in room, etc.

Great place to stay while in Fort Collins.  Lots of great places to eat a very short distance from the location.

Staff was very pleasant but cold showers were not very pleasing but sounds like it was something that maintenance did so not a common issue I don't think.  Room was clean and bed was comfortable.  Breakfast was ok not a typical IHG breakfast quality it didn't seem like.

This property is nice, location is great, value is great. Overall what you would expect from IHG properties. However I would like to just say kudos to the Front Desk personnel that I encountered - friendly, personable, extremely helpful.

Motel was clean and staff was friendly. Motel was easy to navigate. Pool area was well kept and up to date. There was a good breakfast selection and the food was tasty. The AC controls in the room didn't operate properly but it didn't affect my sleep much.

Great service, breakfast, and my favorite hotel in Fort Collins.

I chose this hotel at random while visiting family.  Apon arrival I was pleasantly surprised at everything available in the hotel.  We only stayed the night but the value for the room and amenities is great.  The breakfast was good as well.  When I'm in the area i will be staying here.

Stay was great. Robert is THE BEST. Loved the way he took care of us and treated my family. I wish there were more people out there that still care about the work they do like he does.

Clean and comfortable.  Room was extremely warm upon arrival.  Staff was friendly and couteous.

Room was nice and clean. Front desk staff was very friendly both and check in and check out. The real star is Robert. He manages the breakfast in the morning and is absolutely awesome. He came out with a friendly attitude, made sure to talk to everyone and generally just got my day started off right!

Every staff member I interacted with was extremely friendly and very accommodating.  Hotel was very clean, zero issues with any of the gym equipment, and breakfast area was always fully stocked with good selections.

First time staying in this hotel. Speedy and friendly check in- room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was ok. Cinnamon rolls were a bit hard, and the food was not very warm. That was the only negative. I hope to use the pool and hot tub next time I stay!

I received notice that my room was  ready much earlier than expected.  We arrived before 3PM and were greeted by multiple staff.  Since I pre checked in, they glanced at my ID and we were off to our room in less than 5 minutes.  The elevator and hallway was very clean and quick.  The rooms were much better than expected compared to my last stay at a Holiday Inn Express (Different Property).  The beds were very comfortable.  The breakfast was all hot and fresh the next morning as we had to leave early.  The location is great with an IHOP right next door and a number of restaurants within a minute or two. Checkout was quick and painless.  Overall it was a great value.  I used points for my stay and will stay here again if we have to come to the area.

This Hotel has a good location. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable, a great value for the price paid. At breakfast the employees asked how the food was. The staff was concerned about making my stay as good has possible. Great staff!

Rooms were comfortable, pool was nice. Hot tub was supreme, per my brother who doesn't even like hot tubs. The most remarkable part of the stay was Robert who was overseeing the breakfast area. Wow, does he do an AMAZING job. Rarely do you find people who take pride in his job like he does. So kind, caring, and genuine. Awesome guy, deserves the best. Thanks Robert!

Great stay! Need to improve the quality of WiFi experience and clean-up the mold around the bathtub and ceiling in the bathroom.

We’ve stayed at a ton of IHG locations but this was by far the best experience we’ve had. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling through Ft. Collins. Great staff. We loved our time there.

the only thing i can say is i wish it had better washroom facilities not enough washer and dryers for guest and it could use a little more on the breakfast menu but the breakfast that i eat there was very good. And the rooms was very clean and roomy i was there for 3 weeks was treated very good from staff.

This hotel offered everything my husband and I were looking for. The staff was very professional and kind. The whole facility was spotlessly clean. The location was great; we were able to walk to several great restaurants. We will be back and will recommend this hotel to anyone visiting that area!

Go to hotel

Staff is very accommodating. Needed assistance with misplaced room key, front desk was very helpful and friendly. The room cleaning staff came to clean the room, we needed some more time before we were ready. They had no problem with coming back a little bit later. I would recommend this place to any and all.

The staff went above and beyond to assist us. The breakfast was delicious and the breakfast manager was so kind and friendly.

Always very clean and comfortable. Easy to book and check in online.
Pool and hot tub are very well maintained. Breakfast could use a few more hot options but is still very filling. We won't stay any where else while in Ft. Collins.

Very nice! Clean and professional staff.

Comfortable bed and nice and quiet. Very clean

The check-in process was easy and quick, the staff was amazing making sure that we had all the information we needed. Breakfast was delicious and filling defiantly enjoyed the stay and will be staying at the holiday inn shortly.

The Fort Collins Holiday Inn was great. It was located a convenient right next to so many shops, restaurants and stores. Only 15 min away from old Town which was so much fun and exciting. Only a few minutes away from both freinds family. The property was great.

Enjoyed my time at this hotel. Clean and very accommodating!

My stay was just after a business trip to the area.  The hotel staff was excellent all around.   With many options in the area the outstanding service and going the extra mile sets this property apart. I appreciate it greatly.

Good hotel with free breakfast and parking

Execelente

I rented a room back on April 1st. I was supposed to get my deposit back within 12 business days. I talked to management talk to the front desk. They all said that it was released back into my account on the second of april twenty twenty six . now it's been well over twelve business days and I have not received my deposit back yet. seems like a scam to me. They say they released  it. But my bank is showing they have not.
And I found public hair in the tub and under the sheets.
I will not ever go back.

I wish the place had a restaurant, but there are alot of places to eat around the hotel. It's a great location near shops and cinemas. The rooms were big, clean, and comfortable with nice views. The breakfast was great. Check-in and out was simply and fast. They also had a laundry area.

Uncomfortable beds and people making noise until 4am made this the worst sleep Ive had in a while.

Buen hotel solo el fitness center es muy pequeño asi como la alberca, de ahi en fuera esta muy bien

The directions are accurate.   The service is horrible.  I have been waiting on  my deposit since the 2nd  of April. And was told  by the hotel.
That they refunded it on the first.  But my bank says they still have it on hold. And it's the 17th of April.
I write an honest, public  review. Now this manager wants to have a private phone call.

Why cant they just be transparent on my review and publicaly explain on the review  as to why the lies? Seems even more shady.

Im now talking with a attorney  because  I recorded the conversation. where they told me they released my deposit  on the 2nd of April ,back to my card.  And my bank that is FDIC accredited  can't lie to consumer. My banks says that holiday  in express  is holding it. And my bank statement  says pending  withdrawal.  Unlike this representative for holiday inn express. Who keeps repeating it was released and returned  to my account the day of checkout.

Sorry management.  Either return  my deposit  or speak to a attorney for law suit headed your way against  the employee  and company  for negligent misrepresentation.
Lastly.  Im not giving my name.  Because  the company  should refund all deposits  back to guest as promised.  Im collecting  public volunteer information  fir other who have had this happen too.

The staff at this hotel is very accommodating. Lucy, Essence, Ryan, Melissa and Charles were all very friendly and helpful. They assisted with our specific needs and even helped us with a room change due to noise from the front doors. The initial room had a terrible paint/chemical smell and they moved us to the second floor, which was right over the doors unfortunately. There was a light out in the tub and Charles, their maintenance staff member, quickly resolved it.

The design of the building is very shallow so the two automatic doors are right next to the front desk, which causes a lot of false openings from guests waiting to check in, produces a lot of noise and vibration for rooms in proximity. Consider this if you're a light sleeper.

There is only one elevator. We only had to wait a few times though. However, there isn't much room in there for a luggage cart and associated family/guests.

We intended to use the pool but upon opening the door, the clorox smell was over powering. It is indoors and conveniently accessed.

The sundry offering is quite small and a regular candy bar is about $2.75. Probably not bad for last minute sweet tooths. However, they only stock it once a month.

Speaking of food, we were there 11 days and we never saw bacon on the menu, which was disappointing. They rotated skillet potatoes in every other day or so, which were a nice change of options. For an included breakfast, it wasn't terrible, but would have been nice to see bacon at least. One good part is being a late sleeper, I was still able to get breakfast up until 930am weekdays and up until 10am on Saturdays. The staff who handles breakfast stays on top of restock fairly well it seemed.

They do allow pets and were very reasonable compared to other Holiday Inn Express' in the area for pet fees, especially if you stay more than a week as we did.

If you're looking for a lot of TV channel options, it's not a huge list, but we were able to hook up the Apple TV to extend streaming, etc. I had some initial issues getting the Wifi authenticated, but staff gave me a phone number for IHG tech help desk and they whitelisted my device and even bumped my bandwidth a little. After that, rarely had a streaming buffering issue if at all.

If you're looking to catch a movie, you can't beat the short walk to the Cinemark, which is quite nice, and may have restored my impression of movie theaters. Plus, you're close to many shopping and food options with short walks or drives.

Overall, the service and guest experience is what I've come to expect and appreciate from being an IHG member choosing Holiday Inn Express as my go to option quite regularly.

Rooms were clean!
Breakfast changes but the biscuits were undercooked. The eggs were watery as heck. The pancake maker is pathetic. Overall not happy with breakfast but happy with clean rooms

I will definitely come back to this hotel, I was very satisfied with everything.

Loved how easy it was to check in and get into our room with speed. The only thing that I will change is just making sure to stop as knowledgeable about and doing things in the area so that people that are visiting from out of town can also know.

Staffs boyfriend parked behind my truck instead of a parking spot and acted like I was going to wait. I had to scream at them to make them act like adults.

Everything was excellent, the room just had a noisy refrigerator

I stay here when traveling to see family in the Springs

Excellent value and outstanding location with restaurants with easy walking distance.

Great room, friendly helpful staff. Perfect location with restaurants, entertainment and shopping.

We recently stayed for the weekend and unfortunately were disappointed with the cleanliness of our room. The floors, bathroom, and overall condition were subpar. There was even trash left under the bed near the headboard from a previous guest, which was very concerning.

Additionally, our interaction with Brittany at the front desk was unpleasant. She was rude and not welcoming, which made our stay feel even more uncomfortable.

On a positive note, the breakfast was great and one of the highlights of our visit.

We hope management addresses these concerns to improve future guest experiences.

Wonderful place to stay while in CSprings. Great location, nice amenities and plenty of places to eat nearby

Happy customer

Room close to the Lobby was terrible, ROOM 124. All the noise that you can imagine is in this Room. Specially in the morning, get ready to hear all the guests having breakfast, small kids tantrums, all the conversations and laughters, pots and pans from the kitchen, and if you get a Loud family (im assuming) above that specific room, you will here all the stomps from your room. You will count steps instead of sheeps. Im not a light sleeper btw. That room, and the 122 im assuming gets loud noise from the Lobby area too, should be very discounted, or maybe try just try not to put guests in there or advice them about the noise.

The rooms are very nice and the service is very nice.

Nice Hotel, conveniently located. Located 8 miles from Airport. Shopping and food have plentiful options in this area. Hotel located close to family and we will definitely frequent this hotel again.

Biggest area of improvement is quality of breakfast and variety.

This is our first extended stay in Colorado springs. This holiday and express is very nice, exceptionally clean and the staff is fantastic! They have been quick and attentive with all of our needs and requests. Location is right in the heart of the area. We were looking to stay. Easy access to Major routes and shopping along with numerous places for food.

I have stayed at several hotels, this on ranks right up there with the best!!!

This HIE is located in a large shopping and dining complex at the north end of Colorado Springs. We've stayed here twice and still it seems hard to find, especially in the dark. Once located however, the hotel is quite nice, with friendly staff. It looks new. Comfortable larger room and nice amenities. We also enjoy the breakfast; a main reason for choosing Holiday Inn Express.

The hotel smells super clean as well as the room! Bed were comfortable my mom got a good night sleep! She loved the location of the hotel and said it was a very hotel! Front desk very friendly

Have stayed here twice in autumn 2025.||There are some issues.  On my latest stay, the elevator was out for the entirety of the stay.  That is annoying and apologies were not issued by the hotel.||My bathroom also had cleanliness issues.  The shower door and tile had not been thoroughly cleaned in weeks; they were covered with soap scum and marks.  The chrome on the shower head and shower door were dull and covered in stains.  Corners of the bathroom were covered in dust.||Housekeeping was also very uneven.  On the first stay, a housekeeper replaced towels but didn't touch the bed.  On the second stay, the bed got made, but when I left the room after 11a one day, it was not cleaned.||Walls and floors are thin, and it's easy to hear other guests and their TVs and conversations.||The staff are nice, but the front desk staff person is often not accessible.  At many hours, a sign said to call if you needed help.  That's a sign of understaffing.||Breakfast was standard for a Holiday Inn Express and served on all paper and plastic.  ||Location is fine; you can walk to a few shops and (chain) restaurants.||Overall, it needs a deep clean.

Terrible hotel will not stay here again elevator was not working had to walk down and up three flights of stairs terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible will not reccomend this hotel to anyone

11/3/25: I was told by Melissa, the property manager, to contact her via a response to this google review. I sent an email to the requested address last night, and followed up with a voicemail this afternoon. I have been nothing but polite yet firm. Once again I received an email from Expedia saying the property manager had authorized a refund for 1 night. We will night accept less than both nights refunded. The reservation was made less than an hour before my daughter arrived. This hotel turned her away stating their policy was 21+. A service paid for was not rendered.

11/2/25: this morning I received a notification saying the hotel was offering me a refund for 1 night, not 2. Again, this reservation was made 30 minutes before my daughter arrived, and when she tried to check in, they turned her away and put a 19 year old's safety at risk at 10pm MST after she had already made a 10 hr drive. SHAME ON THIS PROPERTY AND STAFF. I called a hotel down the road and they gladly waived the 21+ policy and let her stay. Knowing this was an option at Holiday Inn Express is what makes me the most upset. Upholding policy (that could have been waived) over the safety of my daughter. The fact that they are only refunding me half shows they don't care about the people they serve, they care about the money. Holiday Inn Express will never get our business again.

Former Post: Very disappointed in this company. I reserved a room for my 19 yr old daughter a half hour ago and was not told they were a 21+ hotel. My daughter drove 10 hrs and was exhausted. Brittany at the front desk told her she wasn't allowed to stay and was very inconsiderate in the matter. We will never book with or stay at a Holiday Inn again. Do better and be more clear with the booking process. Include a question: "are you at least 21? Click yes to proceed." Very misleading and now it almost 11 pm and we are scrambling to find her a place to stay.

I thought the place was clean, friendly and had a GREAT breakfast spread

We have been to Colorado three times over the course of three years each time we go back to this hotel. The staff is very friendly and quick to respond to any needs you may have. The place is very clean from the lobby to the rooms. They had a great variety of food at the breakfast all of the food was very good and presented very well.

Clean, beautiful and spacious! Appreciated the complimentary breakfast!

We were greeted by a friendly employee. Check-in was simple and quick. The property was well maintained and clean. The room was nice. The bed was so comfortable and cozy!! I slept super well in spite of the neighbors having babies awake in the early hours (bless them). The only negatives that I found at all and neither were a big deal is that the bathroom room was difficult to close and there was a stain on the floor of the bathtub. Again, everything was clean and well maintained outside of those two super minor things. Lots of shopping and food choices nearby (walkable). I'd be super happy to stay at this location next time I'm in the area.

Staff were very friendly, professional, and responsive. Hotel itself is very well looked after, rooms are great and breakfast was excellent.

I stayed there this weekend and everything was fine until I checked my bank account. I had an extra $100 charge on my account so I called to find out what it was for. After being on hold for over 19 minutes I was told that I was accused of smoking in the room. I informed them that I indeed never smoked in the room at all. I smoked outside in the parking lot towards the rear of the building. Earlier this morning about an hour before I checked out. That should be on camera. I will be following up tomorrow morning to speak with management.

The staff was super friendly during our stay. The hotel was very clean from the lobby to the room we stayed in.  Breakfast that had been served was good. Overall, we had a good experience at this hotel and would recommend it.

Great place. Located in a shopping center area; next to many restaurants

Staff very friendly & very clean rooms

Positive: Cleanliness, quiet and a highly efficient staff. Negative: ""

A top notch hotel experience at a reasonable price. Staff is highly efficient and professional. Room was very clean and well equipped. Location lacks for nothing, shopping and entertainment within easy walking distance

I encountered a very rude employee at Mimgir.

Centrally located near shopping and entertainment. Clean, we'll equipped rooms, friendly professional staff.

The overall experience was satisfactory. We sleep and have breakfast then on the road for more adventures

We checked in late and it was quick and hassle free! Just my kids and I. They settled in and got to sleep, we got up and  went to an amazing breakfast!! Fresh fruit, cereal, muffins, waffles,juices!! Condiments and anything you can think of to make breakfast extra special!

Always running out of breakfast cinnamon rolls, don’t ask if there will be more-you will lose your head.  We were down for breakfast at least 45 minutes before closing.  Walk in shower is a roll in shower and does not have the appropriate lip to keep water from flooding the entire bathroom floor which becomes a slipping hazard

Visual appeal is good. Room appointments good.  Walls too thin. Bed and pillows smelled sweaty. Towels thin. Staff very nice and helpful. Breakfast very good. If it weren’t for the bed odor and snoring from next room being louder than tv in my room, i would recommend this hotel.

This location is right in the middle of a market street with many shopping/theater/restaurants in walking distance. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Breakfast is delicious. Would recommend this location when your visiting Colorado Springs

Was really the only hotel that we stayed at that was clean and comfortable. Highly  recommend

After a long day of traveling we were greeted by staff that were prompt and and kind. Our room was clean and sticked with everything we needed. The location of the hotel was perfect one of the main reasons we chose this hotel. There was a nearby gas station and access to restaurants and stores.

On arrival, our front desk agent was rude and confrontational because I forced open the automatic door to go to the desk. I didn’t know the hotel turned the door off at 8pm. I still don’t know why the front desk agent didn’t buzz me in when she saw me standing there. 

Housekeeping skipped our room on day 2, even though we were out of the room by 10am. Housekeeping never restocked the  coffee, not even once during the week we were there. We continually had to keep picking up k-cups from the front desk. 

One morning we went down to breakfast at 9:20am. They were out of omelette an and bacon. When we asked the staff to replenish the breakfast station we were told there wasn’t enough time. Even though breakfast was supposed to be served until 10. 

The second floor room had a chronic squeaking noise coming from the ceiling all hours of the day and night. 

The one good thing about our stay: We had trouble getting our tv to work. We called the front desk about it and the maintenance staff showed up in less than 5 minutes. He was friendly and helpful and got us up and running in no time.

I recently stayed at this hotel and had a great experience. The property was exceptionally clean, which made for a very comfortable stay. One of the best features was its convenient location—just a short walk to a variety of restaurants and shopping options, which made dining and exploring the area incredibly easy.
Another major plus was the direct route to the hospital, which provided peace of mind and easy access in case of emergencies or visits. Whether you're in town for leisure or need to be close to medical facilities, this hotel is a solid choice.
Highly recommend for its cleanliness, convenience, and accessibility.

This is a beautiful property, location is super convenient to shops and restaurants. Staff was very friendly and helpful!

It was ok.  Didn’t spend much time there. My biggest problem is with the billing. I was not charged what the reservationist on the phone told me. Two nights with two different rates. Plus a 50$ fee    I was not told this when I made the reservation.  I guess I just don’t stay in hotels much and are not used to the way they operate these days. And I couldn’t figure out how to log in to the IHG app.  No password provide and could create a new one.  Boooo

This was an overall great experience. Location is absolutely amazing with a huge variety of restaurants and shops within walking distance. Staff was great (shout out to Ryan at the front desk) and our rooms were cleaned every day without us having to make a request. Breakfast selection was great and tasty. Highly recommend this location!

I was impressed with how clean this hotel is. Every time I looked I saw someone cleaning and sanitizing the surfaces in the common areas of the hotel.

The location of the hotel was perfect, if possible I suggest a room with a view of the mountains :). The front staff was wonderful, greeted us with a friendly smile and pleasant attitude. when our reservation didn't appear in the hotel computer system she calmly handled the issue by contacting the corporate center and they helped her fix the computer issue. The breakfast staff was pleasant as well and continually cleaned and restocked while we where there. The hotel is located off the main road and in a shopping center with access to anything you could need. The hotel was clean and bright. We would highly recommend!

I use this hotel often for when I just need to get away from life or need to get work done in peace and quiet. 
It has a great location. The staff is always friendly and kind. And it’s always clean.

Located near many restaurants and movie theatre

We were here for a quick night between Great Sand Dunes National Park and local attractions.  It is a good hotel near many restaurants.  The room was comfortable and the staff was friendly.  It is definitely a good place to stay in the Colorado Springs area.

This was a Wonderful hotel, clean rooms, lobby, breakfast & pool area. The staff was nice and knowledgeable!  It was just missing a hot tub for adults to enjoy while kids are swimming after a long day of school cloths shopping, which the location is amazing for btw!

I spent 6 weeks here, Monday-Friday for work.  My rooms were always clean, breakfast was full of options, coffee was always hot and ready and the staff were professional, kind and very quick to respond to the two or three problems I had.  One of the best hotel experiences I have had, everything was great!

Love the beds, bedding and pillows at this HI Express!  Had a great nights sleep and had tennis girlfriends stay here on my recommendation….they enjoyed it too!  Breakfast was included and omelets were delicious.

Excellent staff, rooms and breakfast. The desk staff are courteous and personable. Our only issues was a group of guests who decided to sit in the parking area outside our room drinking for two of our three nights. I consider this difficult for night staff to address.

The hotel smelled, the door to my room was very hard to open and I found an earplug on the floor

Check-in was great. Upon exiting the elevator on the 2nd floor, I was greeted with the smell of cigarette smoke! I brushed it off, assuming it was old. I went to my room and the room smelled and looked clean... until I went in the bathroom. For the most part, it looked clean, except for the shower! The grout and corners were gross looking. Which was pretty disappointing because the room was close to $200. Breakfast was pretty average, but well stocked.

Tuesday July 29th. I am a respectable clean teenage girl who needed to use the restroom after being on the roads for hours. While I walked into the hotel I was brutally harassed by the front desk receptionist she had a very ugly personality with an even uglier attempt to attend the situation. Threatening security on a female teen for needing the restroom  as I just started my period and kicked me out like a stray dirty animal. Worst experience I have ever had. FIRE HER!!

Heather at the desk was very polite. The hotel is clean, the breakfast was plentiful. There was only 1 "downside" while waiting for the elevator (there's only 1) we were going you checkout (cart with multiple suitcases) when a hotel employee pushing a large orange cart just walked up and took the elevator... what happened to customer service?.. however, I'd still recommend staying here.

Hotel was in a great location with several stores, restaurants, and a movie theater, all walking distance from hotel. Our room did have an odor like trash or old food was left in the room, but we remedied that by purchasing Glade plugins at a Walmart which removed the smell.

Great location.  Close to everything.  The staff was friendly, pleasant, professional.   They answered all our questions.  Very clean.  Very up to date.  Thank you!

Great location.  Staff was friendly, room clean, bed comfortable

Room average, front desk was lackadasicle,  could care less about any request even though we called  plenty ahead of time. We requested twice before check in to have a room on the top floor. Lighting was terrible for applying makeup.

On our final night we were moved to a top floor room. The lady at the front desk was helpful and we finally got a good night's rest.

1) Diamond Elite and couldn't use points for 2 rooms. Clearly you could get a room for cash / credit. What happened to no blackout dates?

2) The only housekeeping done over 4 days was 1 bed change. No fresh towels, coffee, garbage removaly, etc.

3) Never mentioned my Diamond Elite Status. The didn't ask how my stay was on departure or I would have told them these concerns at that time.

We had a room for July 4, leaving July 5. Check in starts at 3. We arrived at approximately 2:40 and was told our room wasn’t ready. We were told the people who were in our room didn’t leave until a little after 1 pm that day and they couldn’t give me a time when it would be ready. The desk attendant was named Ryan, and he was more than happy to tell me no we couldn’t have our room and he was just generally unhelpful and snide. So my son and I sat in the lobby waiting. At a little after 3 I went up again asking if it was ready. We were on a time schedule and had tickets for activities. We had done the manitou incline earlier and all needed showers, and time was ticking. Again told nope, room not ready. Another worker, Brittney then joined in the conversation reiterating it’s not ready, can’t give a time when it will be. I then told them I’m paying $218.28 for a room that is to be available to me from 3 pm to noon the following day, per their stated, written policy. I told them I’m paying $10.38 an hour for my room and it’s now well past 3 pm. Brittney then tells me they are trying to get the room clean and I’m being disrespectful and not helping. Then Ryan chimes saying I was there at 2:15 for my room, which I wasn’t. I then said it didn’t matter what time I was there…2:15, 2:40, 3:00…doesn’t matter because it’s not ready. I told them it’s not my problem if a guest checks out late, and while that’s unfortunate, again it’s not my problem. I’m a paying customer and have time commitments and expect them to honor their policies or give me a discount. Ryan then left and Brittney said she doesn’t have to let me stay there and then threatened to cancel my reservation. Finally around 3:25 (?) or so she tells me it’s ready or I can cancel for a refund. My husband and I  opted to cancel. I’d have slept in the car before I stayed there with the absolute rudeness and incompetence Ryan and Brittney displayed and gave me. My 21 year old son was with me and heard it all, and agreed this place is a joke. So we got in our car and booked a room at Extended Stay America Premier Suites Colorado Springs South and it was less expensive. Their desk attendant was attentive, friendly and our room was ready UPON ARRIVAL. If you stay here, don’t expect to have your room ready on time, nor should you expect them to care. Also, if you need a sofa sleeper double check that too as while waiting another family checked in expecting a sofa sleeper and Ryan happily told them no, they don’t have one in their room. The guy said he even called and was told they would have one, but Ryan again, snidely told them nope. The guy then said they’d have to use one of their mattresses….

I love staying at this hotel, it’s in a great location you got plenty to do (shopping, movie theater) and plenty of restaurants to choose from! The rooms are always clean and staff is always friendly and welcoming!

Overall, the stay was quite comfortable. There was a slight delay at check-in due to an issue with another group’s booking, but the lady at the front desk was incredibly professional and composed while resolving it. The only recommendation I have is to improve the room’s soundproofing — you can hear doors closing in the hallway during the night, which can be disruptive to light sleepers.

Location was little ways away from the highway, but they have all kinds of restaurants around it!
The service at the front desk was exceptional. We were checked in by Essence and we had little issue  with the room that was assigned to us in regards to our kids, Essence was so kind and got us switched to another room even when they were fully booked. She did everything in her power to make our stay very enjoyable. Pool was pretty big too and fun (until kids got loud)! Thank you Essence and Holiday Inn for yet another enjoyable stay!

Perfect location.. so many things in walking distance.   Awesome free breakfast.   Great staff.

Wonderful rooms, great location, very comfortable, delicious breakfast! I highly recommend this hotel!

Holiday Inn Express is my "go to" for places to stay.

This was a great stay with one of the best experiences I’ve had in a hotel for quite a while. Very friendly staff, clean throughout, and a great location.

Clean, great service, amazing hotel stay! Breakfast and amenities were amazing. Staff was professional and the check in process was smooth. Bathroom was clean and had great products. Bed was comfortable and room was cool and clean.

Positive: The staff was very friendly and the stay way great! Negative: We had a particularly active family stomping around in the room above us, but it was overall a nice stay.

The maid found my ring turned it in and the front desk contacted me and will FedEx to me.  The other notable thing was the breakfast great selection and biscuits and gravy was to die for.

The staff was very professional, friendly and customer focused.   The property was Immaculate.   They clearly took great pride in keeping a very clean hotel.

Clean rooms, great customer service, many amenities, pet friendly, also a lot of stores, restaurants, and entertainment nearby. Great location.

The facility was bright and inviting. Staff were friendly. The rooms clean and comfortable. Continental breakfast had multiple tasty options. You have to try the pancake machine. The pool was sparkling clean without overpowering chlorine smell. Only negative is no hot tub.

If all hotels did this, they'd certainly would get returning visitors.  We arrived in town early, the front desk person was welcoming and friendly, I asked if there was a chance our room was ready, he looked it up and it was.  I was elated to say the least.  We checked in, got our bags in the room, the room was spacious and very clean, everything was clean. We had a chance to unwind a bit before we had to go to our event.  That made all the difference to us.

One of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at. The customer service is exceptional.The beds were very nice.Pillows were perfectly soft and the breakfast was above and beyond.I would recommend staying at this hotel to everyone

Absolutely loved our stay! Clean, friendly staff, relaxing and fabulous location for shopping! Will stay again!

My hotel of choice and a nice view of Pikes Peak.

I have been coming to CO Springs for 2 years now and finally found this gem of a hotel. Most importantly, the staff is by far too quality. Friendly and very accommodating! On top of that, this is the cleanest of hotels. Finally, you’re right in the middle of shops and restaurants, which is really convenient to be able to walk everywhere.

I will only stay at IGH brand hotels, as I have always had good experience with them.    Staff has always been pleasant and helpful, rooms are extremely comfortable, clean and complete with all ones needs.    I have used their hotels both in the States and in Europe, and have never been disappointed.

Bed was comfortable, room was spacious, comfortable and beyond clean. I would absolutely choose this location again and would stay at any of their other locations if it meets this same standard.

Very nice best I have ever had. And Silas my pet enjoyed as well. Look at that smile.

This hotel was affordable, and it location was close the the air port, close to many retail stores and food choices, close to Peterson Space Force Base and close to several tourist spots.  The management team was very accommodating.  It is obvious the hotel is well run.  I believe I was greeted by every manager in this place (eve n the cleaning manager!).  More impressive was the staff (machine)!  They functioned very well together.  The front desk person had access to the everyone.  The young lady who cleaned my room was professional and did an impeccable job.  I would highly recommend this hotel!

Close to shopping center and restaurants, easy access for everthing, actually is all.walking distance close to Airport also. And there breakfast is all delicious and its free, I will.choose this location again if ever i come back to Colorado Spring

I was greeted by a friendly, professional, helpful staff who were quick to respond to all of my questions.  They also quickly addressed a problem that was self-inflicted by me; I accidentally derailed a massive glass shower door.  They quickly assessed the situation and put me in another suite so as to avoid me getting hurt.  Their overall behavior made me feel not as embarrassed or ashamed; they were very kind. Overall, staff, the food, the room and price were excellent.  I will continue to book with IHG hotels.  They have excellent staff.

The room was light and airy. The staff was pleasant. Great.

I stay here at this hotel multiple times and no issues. Location is great and rooms are clean but last night front desk told me they could only make me one more key per management. Because I kept leaving my key in the room. I worked for hotels they have boxes of keys. But the night auditor tried to put it off on management. Then this morning I ask for late checkout and they said no. I am a silver elite I can get up until 2 o'clock. Anyways nice hotel but some of the staff not professional. That's the reason I graded it the way I did.

Stayed here a couple of nights while visiting family.||The hotel was in good condition and seemed to have been renovated a bit since my last stay.  Not anything super fancy, but in-line with the Holiday Inn Express brand standards and in good condition for the cost. ||Bed was comfortable, shower was spacious, bath products decent, temperature could be well-controlled in room.||Staff were welcoming and helpful.  I really appreciated the daily housekeeping.||The breakfast is standard Holiday Inn Express stuff (reheated eggs, etc.), but was decent enough.  They were out of some of the items by the later part of breakfast.||Fitness center had decent equipment (again, for a Holiday Inn Express) but is in a tight space.||Location is good if you have stuff in south and east Colorado Springs (not so good if you are going to Pikes Peak, etc.).  In a major shopping center, so surrounded by shopping, food, and grocery options.||Good option for Colorado Springs; I would not hesitate to return.

I had an awesome stay experience! The room was always spotless, all staff I encountered during my stay were always friendly, and not to mention amenities were super convenient from having good breakfast to start my day, being able to wash my clothes for the length of time I’ve been there (laundry facility available in the hotel was a plus) to having a variety of places to have a great meal that surrounded the hotel. The location of the hotel felt like I was in the heart of a shopping mall. 

I highly recommend staying at this hotel.

This hotel staff went out of their way to assist me with every question and support need I had. I was very grateful for the accommodations made for me. I loved the staff and the breakfast. The hotel was clean and inviting. The location is perfect for walks, entertainment, and shopping without having the drive anywhere. There was plenty to eat and do just within a few steps. I did not sleep well due to noise but the bathroom fan and the heat/air conditioner were a great tool for drowning out outside noises. I will likely be back at this location again. Just grateful to the staff for all their help.

Very nice new, clean hotel.  Room clean and bed comfortable.  Breakfast had numerous choices.  Friendly staff.  Was in a good location for surrounding amenities, but not right off the highway made it more difficult to get to.  Believe it was close to the airport, but we were driving through instead.  Would stay here again.

We came in very late and we were not very quiet and we were on the third floor , I expected a noise complaint or something from either or both neighboring rooms however, we did not get any complaints from other guests or staff. Upon arrival the front desk receptionist was fantastic, knowledgeable and had an excellent attitude ! Thank you!

Easy access,  staff was great room was clean and relaxing

Desk attendant was fast and very friendly when checking me in he also acknowledged  me being an ihg member  I enjoy staying at this location every time I'm in town this hotel is clean  staff is friendly and is located in a great location  with lots of things to do and places to eat near by

The pool was closed which was a disappointment. The locking mechanism on our door stopped working which caused us not to be able to access our room. Uffda!! Not such a great stay.

Excellent choice for Colorado Springs! Good value and the staff were very kind and helpful. Breakfast was great with lots of choices! Definitely will be back!

Was a nice stay and cozy. Bathroom mirror could use more facial light. And paper plates and napkins would be nice for food

This place was extremely nice to stay in and the price was extremely affordable. They offered a free breakfast with a very limited amount of options. Example: egg white omelet or veggie omelet with cheese, turkey sausage, bacon(turkey or reg), biscuits and gravy, and maybe pancakes(never say how to make them or the batter for it). The hot breakfast was usually the same options every morning with a slight change on one item. Then you had the cold items. Food was okay for it being at no charge. I did have some issue with the chef kind of being off putting meaning he never engaged and made it somewhat uncomfortable when he was around. Breakfast was supposed to start at 6:30-10:00 AM but it seemed to be a little late in the morning and closed before 10:00. Room was nice size with a king size bed and a large screen TV with cable. In room electric thermostat also Ethernet plugin for your laptop. Really nice shower with high shower head and long running hot water, the bathtub I would not recommend at least the room I was in 107. The bath tub would not fill up because the plug that was a metal installed plug for some reason could not hold a seal therefore causing the water to drain before filling up. The shower did come with large installed shampoo, conditioner,  and body soap from Dove also the sink had the same except it had lotion instead of conditioner. Nice size Minnie fridge, Kruger coffee maker, and microwave. Not much of a view. The indoor pool was not what I had expected but still nice to swim laps and it was heated(not real warm but okay warm). The staff now that was another story I was there 6 days and out of all the staff from front desk to chefs and some housekeeping there were only two women at checking in that were even approachable. The rest seemed as if I was either in the way or not worth even cracking a smile let alone making you feel welcome. I was quoted a price but then each night there after it was a different price and I was unaware of all the extra fees for instance I think it was called enhancement fees and room fees, I was confused because if you are going to tell me the room is going to be a certain amount then why was a charged a completely different final amount. I thought for 6 nights and an extended stay discount that was mentioned I was looking at around $650. Not over $850. for the final total. This place is okay if you are like me and needed somewhere quick and cheap for work. But make certain to get in writing the exact cost of the total charges per night and if a discount is offered make sure to get the name of the employer offering it and the amount. This being off season there was literally nobody there so to be made to feel uncomfortable by certain staff and not applying the discounts or the difference in room cost especially when I asked about military discounts. But if you get all of that worked out it’s not a bad place to stay location was great it had a lot around it to go and do and see.

Great location if you need to be on the east side of COS. Comfortable bed, very friendly and helpful staff. Definitely an above-average hotel breakfast - loved the egg white & veggie omelette. 
My only minor complaint is that the walls are pretty thin so I could hear the TV in the next room if it was turned up pretty loud. 
Otherwise, a great experience.

Great location next to plenty of shopping within walking distance!

Upon arrival, I was greeted as a Silver Elite Rewards member and treated to delicious cookie and a refreshing bottle of water. My room was extremely clean and the bed was very comfortable. The next morning, breakfast was hot and delicious making my stay complete.

I have been staying at the location atleast once a month for the past 6 months as I work out of town and come home to visit my daughter. Prior to this stay I stayed here for a week the week of Christmas 2024. I checked in this location on 1/3/2024 at approximately 4:00pm. As a regular guest I was greeted and helped checked in by Ryan. My prior stay the week before I notice I was charged a 221.00 pet fee on my CC for a pet when I travel alone. My wife did come and visit me briefly and brought the family pet to see me. She and the pet left approximately 10 min later. As I remember Ryan was working that night. The charged was eventually waived by Brittany who was very helpful by the way. As I checked in I confronted Ryan (very professionally) as to why I was charged for having a pet when I didn’t? He immediately went into defense mode and threw a temper tantrum as if he was upset that I confronted him about a mistake he made. I was immediately told I was being aggressive towards him and he refused to further talk or help me. He proceeded to throw my guest card and complimentary cookies at me very rudely and left to lock him self in the office without further talking to me. He stated he was directed not to speak to me from his manager. I asked to speak with the manager or someone of higher up to no help or prevail. So me as a confused, disrespected guest called the cops because of how badly I was treated and Ryan proceeding to play the victim. Upon the cops and manager arriving we both told our sides of the story. After looking at the hotel tapes the cops agreed I was not the aggressor and told me it was a civil matter and they could not do anything further. Cops left and I was waiting to speak with the hotel higher ups. About 30 min later they finally came out the office to speak with me. Two young ladies who never introduced themselves came over and was very standoffish with me from the beginning as it seemed they were taking their employers side from the start. Upon me asking them their names and titles they stated it was Melissa Smith(assistant GM) and Lucy Yearicks(GM). Before hearing my side of the story they revealed they were gonna kick me out the hotel and I would have to find some where else to stay. Mind you I have my 4year old daughter with me who’s crying and afraid of everything that she just had to witness. They told me Ryan has had a bad experience with a guest in the past and that was the reason he was all uptight which doesn’t make it right. I told them if that’s the case he should not be working the front desk dealing with guest if he is emotionally unstable. Anyways after telling them my side of the story they both apologized to me and stated it was all just a misunderstanding and miscommunication and I was welcomed to stay. Really??? I ended up staying only because I booked through a 3rd party for 6 nights and it would not be easy getting my money back. Also I had been traveling all day and had my 4year old daughter with me. We both were very saddened and tired as to everything that just took place so we ended up staying unfortunately. This will be my last time staying at this hotel. I have never felt more embarrassed and discriminated against in my life. For someone that has stayed at this hotel for the past 6 months and never had issue to be treated like this is just unfair. They let me stay in their hotel but honestly they never seemed genuine or apologetic about the whole situation. Just a dull apology! They never tried to compensate me in any kind of way for being  treated the way I was just treated. I doubt the employee (Ryan) is even held accountable for his actions and poor customer service skills. I will be reaching out to cooperate and higher ups and I hope everyone involved in this situation is held accountable. As a loyal IHG rewards member I filed a complaint with the Co Springs police department case #2025-00003443.

Comfortable, quiet and spotless! Everyone was friendly, the price was good and location is perfect. This is our best Holiday Inn Express experience yet!

Great location with tons of eating options in walking distance.  Great for TDY to any of the CO Springs bases.

Excelent place to stay, really nice rooms and afordable price

When I checked in the front desk person was friendly, polite and very welcoming.  He set the tone for a relaxing stay. 
Was woken up the next morning by Housekeeping in the room next to mine. Lots of furniture banging by the vacuum is what it sounded like, and the vacuum itself was loud. I get it, lots of rooms to clean. However these ladies were unfriendly,  no smiles returned when given and I had to wait at the elevator because the housekeeper made sure she and her cart took the elevator first and no room for me to get on the elevator (even though there was plenty of room to be had) it was obvious I was not welcome so I waited. 
Breakfast was almost all gone when I went down at 8:30. Pancake maker was broken. Was disappointed by the lack of Breakfast.  
Everything else was great though!

We came out thanksgiving weekend to visit our son. They just had a snow storm and we are not use to the cold and snow. We got in very late from the airport. The staff was so very understanding and our room was so warm and inviting after a crazy holiday travel. We were able to check in and with such ease and go straight to bed. It was so nice. Breakfast the next morning was excellent. Hot and fresh. Didn’t even have to cook. Even better.

Overall, not worth the money. Walls are very thin - we could hear phone conversations in the adjoining room very clearly - luckily we did not have noisy neighbors at night! Breakfasts weren't that good - ran out of coffee one of the mornings and the cinnamon rolls were cold and hard and for those wanting pancakes or waffles the machine was out of order. We will look for other hotels in the area the next time we visit.

Great place to stay in Colorado Springs Colorado.  Clean room, great location, and friendly staff. Was greeted when I arrived and had an easy check out.  Location is perfect for accessing restaurants and shopping.

There was a pounding noise upstairs the kept us up most of the night, but a great location.  Noise was inconsistent so calling desk wouldn't have helped in my opinion.

Everything was good. I had a good experience staying at this hotel, which was clean , affordable, with good service.

We stayed here the other night rather than drive 2 hrs north in the snow.  Check in was easy, clerk was nice.  Got to the room.  Room 232.  There was a funky smell like someone had smoked in it and the hotel tried to mask it.  It was late and we just wanted to get to sleep.  We got ready for bed and there was a knocking noise that came and when behind the wall between the bathroom and the bed closest to the door.  This was annoying but faint enough that we were able to drown the noise with the TV as background noise until the sleep timer turned the TV off.  At approximately 0400 hrs I was being woke up by a squeak noise like a old hardwood floor would make.  After several minutes laying in bed and listening to the foot steps coming from the room on the third floor it was clear that it was when the guest was walking around the edge of the bed upstairs.  This continued till sometime after six off and on when I was able to again fall asleep for almost an hour.  I assume that they left the room as the noise stopped.  I asked the clerk when we left if they were actually just remodeled and they said they were.  I told them of the noises in the room, above the room and then said we could hear most conversations of their staff that morning working in the hall.  This hotel is not a quiet hotel at all.  I would not recommend staying at this hotel.  There are so many more places and options...

Great hotel, the room was spacious and clean. Our room had a lovely view of Pikes Peak. Would absolutely recommend.

Great location, great staff.

Recognized when arrived at desk.  Quick check in. Room was nice.  Blackout curtains were nice.  Quiet.  Couldn't hear upstairs or next door. Breakfast was good.

Stayed for my daughter’s wedding. Our room was comfortable and clean, staff was very friendly and made us feel welcome and at home. Breakfast was good with a lot of choices. Would definitely stay here again in the future!

I stayed here and bought 3 separate rooms, one for myself, one for my mom & Grammy, and one for my bridesmaid. All of the rooms exceeded our expectations, with a pull out couch, cleanliness, a pool, and a really great breakfast. We loved the pullout couch because my sons were able to sleep on it after my wedding. My family stayed for a total of 5 days and loved it. I stayed for a total of 3 days and loved it. The receptionist was so friendly and nice, he really greeted us every morning and everytime we left and came back. The food was great and so was the coffee, I loved the area we could meet at to eat because it felt like we were at a restaurant. Another bonus is that it was right by target, king Soopers and so many stores :) Overall I recommend this hotel, it was really great!

All 5 stars except breakfast needs a little work but it wasn't too bad.

Great stay. Convenient location. Good value. Safe and secure facility.

Wonderful stay with super helpful staff. Comfortable room, great location, nice breakfast selection.

I booked an emergency, last-minute hotel room to visit a seriously ill friend. Tragically, within hours of booking, we received heartbreaking news from the family and needed to cancel the reservation. When we contacted the hotel to explain the situation, we were still charged the full amount because we had booked after the cancellation window had passed—a window that was set for the day before we even made the booking. While we understand policies exist, it's deeply concerning that no empathy or flexibility was extended given the severity of the situation.

The stay was great, comfortable bed and clean room, I was given a choice as to ground or upper floor, breakfast was fresh, hot and lots of choices. Clean dining area, people were in and out and there was always a clean table ready to use. Breakfast staff were welcoming and happy!

Having never been to Colorado Springs, I was a little apprehensive about hotels in the area. I was pleasantly surprised to know that being a member of IHS you have upgraded facilities in various locations around the country. I will be looking into using my reservations more often.

Convenient location for business. Close to restaurants and the airport.

Everything we needed for a weekend.

Great renovation going on, friendly staff at the front. 
Only 1 ice machine on 1 floor. Creepy maintenance guy on 2nd floor…seems to be watching your every move. Please move him to an office on the 1st floor.

Just needed a night of rest.  Went to bed early. Woke up early was out by like 7:30 am.  It was comfortable and was not bothered.  The shower was nice as well.

On a cross country road trip.  I always try to stay at Holiday Inns.  I find them to be clean, quiet and have excellent service.  This stop was no exception.  We did have a problem with the next-door neighbors.   They were loudly not getting along.  One call to the front desk stopped the problem for several hours.   I know that is not a call the staff looks forward to dealing with but they did a great job.  Breakfast was good and we got on our way!

The room was somewhat big but the overall comfort was below par. The biggest issue we has was how dirty the tolet was. It look as if it had not been cleaned thoroughly.

This is our go to hotel when visiting the Springs.  It is conveniently located close to shopping and dining.  There is also a theater that we frequent when we are here.

The bed was comfy and the room was fine, but walls are thin and doors are loud. You can hear everyone in the hall and in the next room. They should have sections that do not allow kids.

I would stay here again. The room was very clean and comfortable, hotel staff is friendly and its located near plenty of shopping and restaurants.

Greeted by a friendly staff, clean rooms, newer hotel.

I am a Terminally Cancer disabled elderly woman with ongoing Chemotherapy treatments. I booked a stay for my last goodbye trip to Colorado where I lived over 30+ years. Although there was a mix up with my reservations, they worked with me to get things resolved. I personally emailed back the GM regarding the incident as well thanking Lucy for helping me. In all the years I have traveled all over I did find this particular hotel in the best location & accommodations while staying. They try to assist you along the way. Previous stays have been great so please do consider this location for your stays in your future plans.

thanks for the stay, it was very enjoyable and we slept well.

Nice area - easy to find. Quiet, comfortable area with lots of shopping options near by

Facilities are nice.  Problems with check in, lost the reservation for one of my two rooms.  Weren't helpful at all getting it resolved.

We only have one negative to report. We asked for a quiet room on the top floor, they were sold out so we were given room 216. The least quiet room possible as it’s located right above the Hotel entrance so the automatic door sliding noise is every minute of the day into the night. Could not put the blinds down. We love the room layout, it’s huge with an awesome countertop for food prep etc.

We stayed for three days, after my husband’s surgery! I felt like it was the perfect location and hotel. Rooms are clean and staff is wonderful. We will be back!!!!
Thank you for the great experience.
Ashley & josh
Room 331

Easy access to shopping and restaurants.  Rooms were clean and comfortable.

Very pleasant and helpful staff, clean and large rooms, and a great locations with tremendous adjacent amenities.

I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Colorado Springs and had a great experience. The staff was very professional and I had a newly remodeled room. The gym and pool were nice and easy to access. Best part was the great, free breakfast in the lobby every morning. The hotel is located within walking distance of an entertainment area with a movie theater, tons of restaurants and some bars. I'd definitely stay here again when I'm in town!

Located near the airport and has access to lots of eateries but my room smelled like it was a smoking room.

Nice and peaceful stay at this Holiday Inn Express and Suite location. Great location everything is in walking distance. Very nice and friendly staff, especially Ms. Cathy the front desk employee. She was always greeting you with a smile and saying good morning or good evening. Additionally, the house keeping staff does an outstanding job with the overall cleanliness and upkeep of the hotel.

Location was incredible with easy walking access to dining and theater.  Shopping was also within walking distance and staff was very professional and friendly.  Facility was clean and comfortable, would definity recommend to anyone.

Love this hotel. Will stay here every time I visit.

This location had great staff, and the check-in and check-out process was easy. Breakfast was tasty and the coffee was good. Facilities are a bit worn, but overall good stay.

overall, it was a fantastic experience. The hotel is well-maintained, and cleanliness is evidently a top priority. The rooms were spotless, and the housekeeping staff did an excellent job of keeping everything in perfect order throughout my stay.

The facilities are well-designed and comfortable, providing a relaxing atmosphere. The location is convenient, making it easy to explore the surrounding area.

The only area for improvement is the breakfast selection. While what was offered was tasty and fresh, I would have appreciated a bit more variety to choose.
 
This hotel is a great place to stay with excellent service, clean rooms, and a welcoming environment. I look forward to visiting again and hope to see an expanded breakfast menu in the future!

One of the best experiences I have had at a hotel. The location has lots to offer (shopping and food within walking distance). The grounds/facility itself were all very clean. The breakfast was amazing; food tasted great and everything was clean and organized. The beds were very comfortable!

Friendly staff, very clean plus a very convenience location.

Great property in good location close to shopping. The hotel is guite new and great guest rooms. The breakfast was good but some selections were missing.

Stay in here, U don’t need to use UBER to go dining and shopping

Great staff, very informative about surrounding area.
Room was great, comfortable and very clean.
This location was within walking distance of many shops and good restaurants.
Breakfast was good, ample selection of items.
Floor Staff very courteous and accommodating.

Room needs better sound proofing.  Good breakfast options. Nice staff. Comfortable beds. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxzzxxxzzzxzzxzxzxzx

The newly remodeled rooms are so nice and clean!  The bed was very comfortable!  The staff was friendly and very helpful!

The hotel itself is typical Holiday Inn Express - clean, reasonable breakfast, nice beds, etc.  The location is in an outside mall with chain restaurants and shopping.  There is a also a movie theatre nearby.  Our main complaint is that the weekend we were there several cars with add-on loud exhaust pipes in the parking lots of the mall that the hotel is in.  It continued from 10pm-midnight.  Again, not the hotel's fault, and it could have just been the 4th of July weekend, but it was loud at times.

We had the chance to stay at this hotel and will consider it any time we’re in the area.  We were greeted promptly upon checkin, the checkin process was quick and the room was clean and the bed comfortable.  Breakfast the next morning was good and hot.  The additional staff we encountered were all friendly as well.

From the desk to the housekeeper, everyone was so friendly and helpful. I always stay here when in town. They are why.

I'm a disabled veteran and had some jack wagon run up to me today questioning if I had a room here because I had a blanket on my shoulder. He was wearing a hat that wasn't a uniform hat and never said who he was. he was just aggressive and overstepping boundaries.

The hotels elevator was put in the most idiotic place because there's absolutely ZERO ROOM to get off the elevator if anyone is waiting to get on. My service animal was kicked yesterday trying to get off the elevator.
The woman who checked me in was really nice,and Ryan, the breakfast person, was helpful and made good food. He was on top of making sure nothing went bare,   but I can't say the same for any of the other employees. A female cleaning lady parked in a handicap spot(that's illegal under hotel policy)
Lucy, the general manager, came to my room, and we had a great conversation about the way the  jackwagon acted. He was there and acted like a 2 year old. He stormed off after giving his boss an ultimatum. That situation shouldn't have happened if the employee with a hat handled it correctly.

The bedding was excellent quality. Bathroom a little dated.

This is a very nice establishment. It's close to shopping and not too far off the highway. We stayed here because it was close to 7 falls and Garden of the God's and was a short drive between each. The bed was extremely comfortable.

Great location with many food options near by.  Breakfast was outstanding everyday and the staff was always present.  Definitely a location I will stay at again.  Thanks.

The location is beautiful! The rooms smell clean, are nice, and comfortable. Hotel itself is clean with friendly and helpful staff. Would stay here again.

The room was clean, the bathroom was very well kept, the space provided was beyond adequate for my family and I.

Great place to stay. Easy to find and caring staff.

No complaints. Easy and affordable. The beds were super comfortable and I got a great nights sleep. All in all it was a great experience.

We were visiting family in the area and needed places to sleep. This was a wonderful facility, beautiful, clean and peaceful, and nearby our family. Staff were friendly & polite. Breakfast buffet met our needs.

The room was clean and spacious. The staff was professional & friendly. I would much prefer a step in shower for safety reasons.

Started my stay due to an issue at with a water leak in my apartment. Upon arrival there were several alarming issues to begin with the bathtub was full with stagnant water, and the bed looked layed in. Front desk could care less. Many issues with staff additionally and when reported to management I was discriminated against. Than days after check out I was charged from an odor coming from the hallway and near by room; the same odor I had orginally complained about to management along with other issues. This entire stay was a nightmare. I was held by staff for additional personal information multiple mornings causing tardiness with my employer in which I also faced heavily open discrimination for my occupation by the hotel throughout my entire stay. I made several attempts to reach out for resolutions however I was repeatedly disrespected and hung up on and cursed at. I'm appalled by the service or lack there of I received.

Great hotel!  Big nice room.  Walking distance to eat and shopping.

The beds seemed kinda flat not as comfortable as other Holiday Inn Express.

Great location with a great staff. It’s conveniently placed to an assortment of food options. My only real complaint was the comfort of the bed. It was a little too stiff for my taste but overall a great stay.

This was a nice hotel, and we enjoyed the stay. Would recommend.

We really enjoyed our stay! The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable. They have full bottles of dove branded shampoo and conditioner and two-ply toilet paper, which I prefer. I hate the cheap soaps some hotels have!

The breakfast seemed good,but we ended up not staying for it because they didn't have much remaining. We got in really late the night before and came down at 9am for brkfst and cinnamon rolls were already  gone, alongwith eggs with cheese, biscuits and gravy. So go to brkfst early b/c they don't restock towards the end.

We were in room #213 and it was pretty loud with dishes, creaking, and banging. That might just be our location.

Everything was great and thank you for your service

Friendly staff. They accommodated an early check in and late check out but the hotel is loud in general and there was a fire alarm that went off two nights in a row.

Modern, clean, super comfortable beds, great location to walk to shopping and dining.

Not sure why, but without fail, every time I check out of this hotel (stayed numerous times), they always fail to email me my receipt...even though I ask each time and have verified my information.

I look for this hotel when traveling. I would definitely recommend this place.

Very pleased with room.

Our room was very clean and although we  only stayed two nights, we found our room cleaned when we returned from our day of sight seeing.  The free breakfast was very good and the front desk employees were very helpful in giving directions.  We will definitely search for Holiday Inn Express & Suites on our next trip.

I've stayed her MANY times. Nice and clean. Breakfast is better than most. Staff is the sweetest.

Breakfast items are cleared out by 6:45 AM. Don't expect much from a "free breakfast".

Excellent place to stay excellent location excellent breakfast every morning rooms are spotlessly clean

This hotel is "renovated".  The renovations have turned it into a real low budget quality hotel.  Hard as a rock chairs and sofas in room, no full length mirror, no bedside table or light on one side of the bed, poor lighting in general, and absolutely no character. The breakfast buffet has taken a downturn and it shows by how few people bother to eat it. The 24 hour little store is very poorly stocked. Empty shelves during a two week stay. I don't get greeted with "Thanks for being an IGH member" anymore.  The location is excellent. Lots of shops within walking distance and near Powers for access to nearly anywhere.

The hotel is under renovation and is noisy during the day. However the staff is nice and breakfast is filling. Despite the renovation, there is access to pool and gym. Really nice central area as well.

We used our stay as a stop and go but they were very organized and accommodating. The room was very nice and clean. The staff was nice in all interactions. The halls were quiet even on a holiday weekend. Good location in town for staying busy. Didn't eat there my review says great its an assumption.

The room was nice, the location was great.

I have one warning to share. If you want to book a room with any hotel, do not do so on their website. I was routed by the website to Priceline who charged me taxes and fees that cost half the price of the room itself.
They also charged me for the room immediately instead of charging me upon checkout like I am used to. I was unable to get a military discount through the third party as well. I went round and round with priceline and the hotel trying to at least get my military discount and perhaps to get a small discount for the inconvenience of their pool being closed due to renovations. The hotel kept pointing me to Priceline and Priceline kept deferring to the hotel.
Finally, I spoke to the general manager, Lucy who was wonderful and was able to help me to resolve the issue.
The lesson I have learned from all this is to call the hotel directly to book and if you are not satisfied, always ask to speak to the manager.

I booked this stay a few months back knowing we wanted a pool commodity during our visit. Was told at time of booking, pool was open with no plans for closure. Exactly what we wanted so everything moved forward. Fast forward on arrival (couple months later), we show up for check in. Walked in to front desk for check-in and there hung a huge sign, “POOL CLOSED TO RENOVATION”.  Wow, this was a huge disappointment. So, started visiting with front clerk about the booking. Response, “We wouldn’t of told you the pool would be open, we knew it was getting reconstructed for several months”.  I calmly responded, “ I’m going across the street to stay”.  Not mentioned their competitor, I was booked in, no problem with the commodities we were looking for.  Just so frustrating with their communication. It would have been a different outcome if the pool would have been out of commission due to being broke.  That’s uncontrollable..

Under renovation when we arrived, but understood. Room was great and breakfast is always a treat!

Thank you to the staff for taking care of my reservations issues. I had to make changes and they took care of me . Great customerservice.

I was unaware the hotel was being grossly remodeled during my stay. The lobby was a construction zone and the breakfast area was in a temporary configuration and there was alot of noise during the day. Hopefully this is only a temporary difficulty. 

The room was in great condition.

The room was comfortable and clean, unfortunately it was located above the hotel front entrance. We could hear the entrance sliding doors below us whenever they were activated. The renovation in the lobby was well managed, but came as a complete surprise

IHG should post current status of construction projects, or provide compensation in nightly rates.  
Pool closures (seasonal or not) remodels, etc.   Even back to COVID days when breakfast is advertised but not available when onsite.   Getting tired of over promise and under deliver.

Even though they were in the process of an upgrade I had a pleasant stay and the hotel has easy access to everything I needed

I rather not have breakfast as carpets are being pulled up just a few feet away. This was an abysmal experience, and I checked out immediately. The staff was kind and efficient in letting me check out. But really, the fresh breath of carpet must and dust in my face the first morning was enough for me. I can't believe it's legal to remain open and serve food so close to a renovation. The 3mm thick plastic tarp isolates the particulate matter in the air, but who are we kidding, it was still an atrocious experience. I advised my entire directorate to change their stay. Also the wifi was incredibly slow. I sent screenshots to my coworkers and they claim it was just as bad at the Holiday Inn in Hawaii. I think for suite-style rooms, having dial-up speed internet and essentially forcing the guest to pay for an internet upgrade speaks volumes about how you do business and how you treat customers. Again, very kind staff, it's just unfortunate that a once reliable IHG has fallen to such levels

The Front Desk Clerk was very nice and helpful but our Internet did not work in our first room so we had to switch rooms, Breakfast was okay until the Construction Forman was arguing with the cook and mentioned that the Breakfast was gross and he was tired of eating the same breakfast day after day, so I threw my breakfast away and checked out. I am sure once the Remodeling is done the hotel will be nicer to stay at and the Pool will be open

Great location, great stay, great customer service!

No issues. The hotel was clean and it was nice to stay at.

Even though there were renovations being done the staff was very responsive and I had a great stay.  I would recommend this location for it's overall look and great location.  Thanks for another great stay at one of your hotels.

Perfect hotel, location is great staff is awesome. They are currently doing renovations however we had no issues. Very quiet and comfortable hotel.

I like the bed ar confit and room clean and it didn’t small to cigarettes

Friendly staff and very clean rooms, breakfast selection was average but well done. I have stayed at this hotel every time I visit the area. Only negative was hotel was going through updates and under construction while I was there.

When we first walked in the room it was very clean and spacious. We were able to enjoy the whole room without having any issues or complaints. Staff was kind and accommodating.

Great location and they are doing a renovation so it will be even better.

The location is excellent because it is inside an open shopping mall with movie theater and some restaurants and cafes. 

In general was good the downside was the ongoing renovation works that were little annoying.

New firm pillows would be a bonus. Staff was very polite.

Always enjoy staying at a holiday inn express. The ladies at the front counter were very nice. The breakfast was a typical hotel breakfast. It's a convenient location near a target and an outside mall with many food options around. The only bummer was the gym being remodeled. Thank you

Enjoyed our stay, great location to walk to restaurants, quiet, clean. So nice I took a bath! Book ahead, no vacancy when we tried to lengthen our stay.

Staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Room was decent in cleanliness but the bathroom was not thoroughly cleaned and restocked.  The most shocking thing was that initially I was going to be charged a ridiculous pet fee for “the stay” which if I had accepted would have been more than the stay for 2 humans.  The front desk did lower it by 50% since we were only staying 1 nite but even then it was “almost” as much as the room rate.  Not very “pet friendly” for sure.  I would have not accepted the reduced fee if I had not booked the stay on points.  Won’t stay there again as I usually have my dog with me when I travel within Colorado.

Great place to stay.Very comfortable.Wi-Fi was great.Staff were great.Would stay here again.Nothing bad to say about this.Looking forward to visiting again in the future

You have everything around the hotel walking distance you have shopping stores entertainment and a lot of restaurants to choose from is like being home

Great Place to stay. Management is doing a great job. Rooms are very clean and the staff is happy to be there. Kudos to this staff for giving me a new place to stay. Oh the breakfast is out of this world. Cleanest hotel I have been to in a very long time. Keep it up.

0 stars! I stayed here with a colleague last weekend. The hotel staff is very untrustworthy, dishonest, & rude. The housekeeper went into our room to clean, before we were checked out, while we were at the gym. My colleague exchanged words with the housekeeper. After notifying the lady at the front desk. Heavyset lady with glasses. She informed us that we can speak to management, when management returned on the following weekday. After notifying management. Management (Lucy) was very rude, said it was her first time hearing of the altercation. Refused to give names and the number to cooperate or someone higher than herself. She said, I could go online to look for the number. The staff is very rude and unprofessional. Very biased, doesn’t believe in customer service. More so, this is a person I work with and have worked with and I believe my employee, not the customer. We will stick together. The manager was very argumentative and took the staff’s word over the customer/guest. The only thing good about this hotel is the location. With the mixed reviews. I think the hotel staff discriminate against certain people and people are treated differently according to their status, reason they’re there, or appearance. That’s my opinion and that’s what I took from this experience. I will report the situation to someone higher. There’s no reasoning with the staff. They’re all friends. I think someone from corporate should come and disguise as a guest or go undercover, to actually see how the staff at this particular hotel operate.

The  location of this hotel is convenient & a nice area. Easy access to restaurants and stores to shop.

The staff here is very rude, unfriendly, and unwelcoming. The staff act like they’re in high school. While staying here , my granddaughter walked pass the janitor gossiping with a housekeeper about a guest. I also overheard the janitor (guy who mop the lobby & take out the trash) gossiping about guests. The heavy set lady at the front desk with the dark brown hair is extremely rude and unwelcoming. Location wise this is a great hotel. Staff friendliness and hospitality, if I could give this hotel 0 stars based off of hospitality I would do so. The staff here is very rude and treat their work environment as if it’s high school with all the gossiping and bad mouthing the guests. Very unprofessional.

This is my favorite hotel! It is up the street from where I work and sometimes I need to stay if the weather is bad. Breakfast is always amazing, everyone is so friendly, the location has so many things to do and places to eat! Sometimes the price can get a little big for its britches, then I have to try another location or another chain, but this is always my preferred location!

A great place to stay whether it’s business or pleasure. Highly recommend this property.

Family of 5. Have stayed at this location a handful of times visiting relatives. Its in a good safe location. Clean and fair pricing. Can accommodate children. Clean pool, and spacious. Id stay here again.

I am giving this Holiday Inn Express a zero rating,  within hours of checking in housekeeping went in and “cleaned “ the room, why would you go clean the room when you checked in 2 hours  prior Are shopping bags we’re all missing, went down stairs and lady behind desk said housekeeping had turned them in thinking we had checked out and left them behind. Our luggage was still in room. When we got home some of our purchases  were missing like isotoner gloves and bundle Nike baby socks. Housekeeping staff or someone there are thieves. Zero stars don’t stay here.

While we were there my children and I were sitting in the common area having nice family time. At one point a very large group of people arrived and had a camera and lights. A lot of them also had guns out and it made us extremely uncomfortable. They were there for hours and it forced us to stay in our room for that time as we felt unsafe. I don't believe a common area should be used to gatherings like those when other people will also be using the space. That should've been reserved for a conference room.

I got charged (understandable) even though I didn't stay (last minute change in business plans) but couldn't get a receipt from the hotel.

You can't ask for a better location. Walking distance to food, shopping, liquor and entertainment. The hot breakfast was really good ( instead of the weird scrambled eggs all hotels have, there were bacon cheese or veggie eggwhite omlets, 2 choices of breakfast meats and lots more) and I was tempted to try the automatic pancake maker. Excellent wifi, and good cable too. Would definitely recommend!

Hotel doing renovations. No notice until check in. Still charge same price. Breakfast was cold and served the same exact food multiple days

I was leaving from our stay and I walked into the lobby carrying my suitcase, waiting for my husband to leave the room, and less than 30-seconds of standing there and THEY KICKED ME OUT!! They asked if I was with a guest, which I said I am, and they said then I need to leave immediately. I was so flabbergasted that they aggressively kicked me out of the lobby for standing there with my luggage for less than a minute. This was early morning, well before check-out time.
Terrible service AVOID!

We have stayed here many times.  It is a great property and we will continue to go back.  The rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly.  We had one issue this time and that was the breakfast.   Other than that, we were happy with our stay.

Well I’m stuck in Colorado Springs so the location sucks. The pantry is bare the room is fine I guess but getting into it was nearly impossible due to the fact that the key cards don’t work. I’d say even for the price it’s not great the bonus is they don’t have bead bugs so that’s something.

The Team is friendly and knowledgeable. They were available and responsive to my needs. The housekeeping team members were courteous and efficient. The room temperature was perfect, for me this is unusual as I always need to adjust the temperature to avoid getting too cold. Overall a great experience and location.

We stayed here for a night to take my mother-in-law to the airport and to shop, and upon checking in the hotel staff was extremely welcoming, our rooms were clean. The only thing lacking was breakfast options, but it was still a great stay

There was an issue with my first room, but the staff was able to resolve it and I was quite pleased.

We had a nice room on the first floor very close to the check in and breakfast center. It was a lovely room beautifully appointed. It was located almost in the center of a big shopping mall so perfect for those who want to come shop and then relax. It is surrounded by lovely restaurants and bars.

Very relaxing.  Great location.  The front desk was super nice.  Lots of restaurants near by.

The staff was great, and the hotel was centrally located around food and shopping experiences. Many of which are within walking distance would definitely stay again next time I’m at the springs.

Overall fine stay, staff responded to a scenario that I feel was unethical.

The staff was very friendly.  They welcomed me to the property and my departure was very easy.  I wish that there was an ability to see my account so the staff would be able to say, "Welcome back"  I have stayed at this property several times  however, it has been since COVID hit in early 2020.  The location is excellent.  Most anywhere in Colorado Springs is easy to drive to and takes only a few minutes.  I stay here when I have meetings/conferences at the Olympic Training Center which is a few minutes away.  The area around the hotel seems safe and there are many choices of places to eat.

Outstanding Staff, friendly and courteous, always willing to assist with any of my needs.

This location is the best in the Springs. So close to everything. They are remodeling but it did not bother us. The front sliding doors desperately need to be replaced. Do not get a room near those doors.

I love staying in this hotel when I come to the springs. It is within walking distance of so many shops and restaurants and it is close to the business district. I have never had any issues; the rooms are always so clean, and the staff is friendly.

Great location; plenty of restaurants and shopping within walking distance.
Rooms were clean, comfortable, and well furnished.  Good breakfast with a variety of options.

Great place to rest. Will stay again at the Colorado Springs location. The building is clean and the associates are friendly. The only thing I would change is the breakfast choices, maybe waffles or bacon.

Great location and quiet hotel even with renovations

Great location staff was friendly. Breakfast was cold most mornings. My room was dirty when I checked in.

The hotel is a clean and comfortable hotel to relax and stay.

The entire facility was great from the staff, rooms and location.

This is a nice property with excellent access to lots of shops, entertainment, and restaurants. The rooms are clean, comfortable and fairly quiet.

The option for breakfast being included is great, but there was definitely a need for someone to stay on top of keeping fresh food prepped. Not a lot of options at 7:30 AM.

Looking forward to the pool renovation as it is outdated and incredibly cold. The kids still enjoyed their time in the pool.

I would overall recommend four out of five.

Very comfortable bed. Clean room and wonderful breakfast bar. My whole stay was very relaxing. Highly recommend this hotel. We picked it for our 25th wedding anniversary and couldn't have picked a better place.

During our stay we woke every morning with a sinus headache. this was in room 225

room 229 was a little better but not great.

the Hotel staff was very good.

The breakfast didnt look appetizing.

the Coffee tasted very week.

I don't believe i will be staying at this hotel again.

Nice property.  Convenient to lots of places.  Safe location. Very nice staff

I woke up every morning with a sinus headache

Nice hotel, centrally located to shopping, restaurants and entertainment. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and helpful. Good internet speeds and coverage. Breakfast had good choices and overall ok. Would stay there again.

The hotel is very clean and the staff is friendly and very accommodating. Great location. Love the area and the view. It's nice that there is shopping and movie theater right there within walking distance. And so close to most everything Colorado Springs has to offer.

Fantastic. Staff was wonderful. Breakfast was awesome. The one thing that would be nice. Hot tub..The pool was nice,clean....

We were pleasantly surprised by how clean our hotel was. It was in a great location within walking distance to shops and restaurants. Great breakfast. The staff was very friendly and quickly responded to any of our needs. We will definitely stay here again when we visit Colorado Springs.

We were looking for a comfortable and clean place to stay and this Holiday Inn Express is great!  Loved the location right in a great shopping center!

Great location to walk to food and shops. However, you can hear everything as clear as crystal. We were on the first floor and could hear the person above us walk around and the cleaning crew move furniture around.

Stayed here two nights while visiting family.||Overall, delivered what you would expect from a Holiday Inn Express.  Room was clean; I appreciated that they were offering daily housekeeping.||Room was spacious and well-designed, with a rolling desk, office chair, and lots of storage.  Plenty of plugs.  AC worked (if a little loud) and internet was free and functional.  Decor was pleasant.||Fitness center was small, with two treadmills and a bike.  The bike was, oddly, not plugged in, which meant it could not be used.  There was also one rack of free weights.  Certainly not the most comprehensive fitness center, but did the job for a simple workout.||Breakfast was OK.  I wish there were healthier options...the buffet had a lot of brown: two kinds of sausage, cinnamon rolls, lots of bread, biscuits and gravy, etc.  What was there was tasty enough and the person working breakfast was doing a nice job keeping the buffet stocked and breakfast area clean.||Service was pleasant and check-in and check-out.  Location of hotel food for eastern and southern CSprings.  Lots of stores and (mostly chain) restaurants surround the hotel.||Expensive room rate for a Holiday Inn Express, but in-line with what other properties were charging during the busy summer.||Overall, just fine.  Would not hesitate to return.

Convenient location to visit family and friends.  Convenient to good dining.

I’m so glad we chose this hotel for our vacation. It is a drive to downtown but that wasn’t a priority for this stay. The location is in a great shopping area with plenty of places to eat, all within walking distance if you’re wanting to get some steps in! The IMAX theater is also on the next block to catch the latest movies.
The included breakfast was so convenient and the staff was very friendly! We’ll be staying here again!

Oh boy, where to start. This was the worst hotel stay of my life. I said it. My family arrived after a long drive only to find out that a hotel employee had deleted our original reservation for a double Queen bed and put us under a 1 king. 5 people, 1 king bed?!? It took nearly and hour and a half to get it resolved. Then upon checkout, they tried to charge me a $200 pet fee that was supposed to be waived. Another half an hour wasted. Stay at another hotel folks. Seriously.

Always a great stay at Holiday Inn Express & Suites - First and Main.  Very friendly staff, clean accommodations, quiet environment - even though First and Main Center is a very busy place.  The morning hospitality breakfast was very well presented and Laura (hospitality host) works very hard to make it right for every guest.  Even with a large crowd for the breakfast, Laura did not miss beat!!!  She was multitasking between keeping the coffee hot and the various entrees stocked in the serving bins - no easy job for one person!!!  Give this very nice hotel a try - you will not be disappointed.  Clean, comfortable, and a great morning breakfast - meets and exceeds Holiday Inn standards in many ways.

Excellent location with almost every shopping and food choice possible in small walking or driving radius.  A drawback to the location was that the hotel was on the opposite side of Colorado Springs from the main tourist attractions.  Area seemed very safe also.  Were upgraded to a nice king suite, which was clean and spacious.  Breakfast was the usual HIX fare and it did get a little boring over three nights.  Breakfast staff were friendly and did excellent job with cleaning and keeping items in stock; breakfast was usually available before their posted start time.

Great associates throughout the facility. Breakfast buffet host has something for everyone.

Quick over night stay.

Plenty to do within walking distance.  Clean, well staffed, definitely one of the nicer Holiday Inn Express's

Esmeralda, Front Desk Associate, deserves many gold stars for her top-notch service. She is so very friendly, approachable, attentive, and professional. Thank you, Esmeralda, for your overall kindness. Hotel is located within a shopping center so there are restaurant and stores within walking distance. Hotel is very clean and well maintained. They are concerned with everyone's safety so doors are locked during the evening hours and access is granted using your room key. Breakfast was made for everyone's needs. Turkey sausage, pork sausage, egg-white omelets, scrambled eggs, world-famous cinnamon rolls, yogurt, fresh fruit, juices, etc. Breakfast host kept everything well-stocked and tables clean. Home away from home.

Pretty good hotel.
The positives:

Beds are comfy and clean.
Rooms have AC.
Desk for work.
TV with cable.
Good bathrooms.
Close to a lot of fun stuff to do, like the movies, bars, restaurants.

The not so positives:
Thin walls - I could hear my neighbors talking super loud as if they were in my room.
My room didn’t have its own microwave during my stay.

Overall I liked it here, thin walls aside.

Beds were very comfortable. Water pressure in the shower was great allowing for a relaxing event. Pancakes are the most delicious ones I've had in a long time.

Room was clean and comfortable. The Continental breakfast had many fresh, healthy choices and everything tasted good. The location couldn't have been better, with restaurants, bakery, salons, barber shops, massages, movies and big box stores within 5-7 minute walk. It was also close to major streets to downtown and other parts of the city. Lastly, but certainly not least, all the staff were friendly, helpful and willing to accommodate guest whenever possible. I will definitely recommend the hitl and location and would stay there again.

I was staying here on a business trip. Room was comfy and clean, very easy to relax after a 13+ hour day. Breakfast ready every morning, with a good selection of hot and cold. Lots of eating options walking distance from the hotel, which is super convenient after a long day.

The hotel was very nice the area around it is amazing as well there is so many things to do and places to eat in walking distance however it is a very busy hotel so expect it to be very loud and noisy at times overall excellent experience.

Great location lots of stuff around it but man I swear the beds were made out of cots like prison camp...

I was able to relax in the pool. Nice patio out back with tables to relax outside. Bed and pillows were comfortable and the shower head was perfect. The bathroom was very roomy and I like the fact there was carpet in main part of the room.

Clean room, nice comfortable bed, and great breakfasts! Amenities were great. Central location too many restraints and easy drive to work place.

Checking in was a breeze. Kenn said he was greeted upon entry and they were very polite and courteous. The lobby was clean and neatly decorated.

I love the fact that we got exactly what we wanted; The rooms were clean housekeeping was on point.

The complimentary breakfast was appreciated and absolutely met our expectations. The kiddos were very satisfied and enjoyed evey minute of it. The staff was awesome that hosted the breakfast and very courteous.

If I needed anything after hours the front desk was more than happy to accommodate.
I recommend this location.

The front desk is very friendly and answers all questions. The housekeeping did not clean the room i.e. take the trash out, change the sheets / make the bed. I had to call the front desk to ask where I can take my trash because housekeeping only replaced towels in the bathroom and did not attend to the rest of the room for the first three days. The location of the hotel is convenient and the hotel was very quiet.

No hassles, everything was smooth. Good location, lots within all l king distance.

The room was comfortable and clean.  Every employee we encountered was not friendly or welcoming, in fact the individual working the breakfast bar was curt and rude.  Example; I used the pork sausage tongs for the turkey sausage and was quickly corrected even though the pork and turkey were miss labeled.  This is on top of being ignored as I initially entered the building.

I stayed here for a month on business. The location couldn't be any better. Surrounded by many restaurants, shopping, and a grocery store. The rooms are very clean and the housekeeping is awesome. The walls of the rooms seem very very thin. I stayed on the second floor and was kept awake often by people upstairs. There were only 2 nights during my stay when the people next door were very loud and I couldn't get to sleep until late. The breakfast is not worth going down for in my opinion but overall I enjoyed my stay here.

Great service and hospitality. Very polite and courteous

We always stay at this location while visiting our nephew in Colorado Springs. The hotel and staff are excellent and you can’t beat the location which provides many options for restaurants, shopping and entertainment. Some of our favorite things to do!

The beds are nice and overall hotel amenities are decent, but the room walls are so thin! Every morning for the past 3 days I’ve been woken up by someone else’s alarm or music at least an hour or two before my own alarm. Would not recommend if you are a light sleeper.

We enjoyed our stay. Staff was friendly and helpful.

the service was horrible.  I had two kids and my self stayed here for my niece birthday party. all we wanted to do was swim and enjoy our selfs but we couldn’t do that there was no towels at the pool i had to go back to my room to use my towels so my kids would not freeze.  we go down to swim the next day and still there was no towels, I spoke with the manager on duty and all she said was i have been here an hour i have to wash towels it will be 2 hours before i can get you towels. the pool area was still dirty from the night prior there was 6 kids and two adults that didn't have towels plus there was another family there with her two kids this is unacceptable.

If you have kids bring their towels. My daughters birthday party was here and all she wanted to do was swim but guess what it was cold. We didn't have towels to take a showers. Also we could not take a shower in the morning. The minute we checked in their were no towels who would of though. But we still  never recived any. We asked Lacy (front desk lady) for towels and she said their were none and she was not getting us none. All I have to say is bring your own towels. If you stay here. I would recommend spending a little to get want you deserve. Won't do that again.

The beds are extremely uncomfortable I have stayed at this hotel many times. Will not be coming back to this one. I am an IHG member I try to stay at IHG hotels. This particular one lacks comfort. A good nights sleep is extremely important, especially when you have to drive a long distance the next day. Do better Holiday Inn.

The Ogre that was tending to the breakfast was very rude, not just to us but others as well. You better be sure that you made it to breakfast before 8:45am in order to enjoy the good stuff like bacon & pancakes even though breakfast was over at 9:30am. The pancake bag needed to be replaced before 9am & when a lady asked for it to be replaced, the Ogre said the machine wasn't working anymore. This would've been a great stay overall if I didn't have to start my vacation days around such a nasty attitude.

This hotel was perfect for my stay. Not only were the beds extremely comfortable, but it was clean and quiet as well. After a 9 hour drive, this is exactly the type of hotel I'd like to be in

Breakfast could be improved. Room was clean and ready upon our arrival. We reserved double queen room, the beds were both double beds

The best feature is the location. Near a variety of shops and restaurants. Was there for an extended stay. That made it quite easy to get what I needed day to day. It was a good experience overall. I would stay again.

Good stay, great breakfast, comfortable beds. Front desk is always available. Close to shops and food

Comfort stay for budget price. We had booked for family of 5; 2 kids and infant. They were gracious enough to keep the crib. The room was cleaned every day. The location of this place is awesome. My kids enjoyed late evening movie next door. The breakfast spread was same everyday, but still we enjoyed. Especially hot cinnamon rolls were winners. And last but least the hot pool. My kids thoroughly enjoyed. The staff was courteous. Will definitely go back to stay here!

The rooms are nice but the walls are thin. The location cannot be better. There are a lot of restaurants near by, shopping and entertainment that can all be walked to. My one downside is the breakfast. It did not start until 7 am and we needed it at 6 am for our girls who were playing in a volleyball tournament and we asked for some cereal earlier but were told no. Even with that, I would stay here again.

We stayed here to be close to hospital for an early surgery the next day. Very relaxing and comfortable!

Sadly to say, terrible customer service. The worst I have ever had through all my travels, always using Holiday Inn Express. Would not recommend this location. Now has me nefer want to ever stay at any of the Holiday Inn Express or IHG affiliates. That was enough.

This is a nice hotel, the staff was personable. one of the best things about this hotel is its location to food and shopping as well as things to do.

Good hot breakfast, nice pool. Clean room and comfortable beds.

Had a good experience here. checked in really late on Christmas Day.  Bed was very comfortable and room was quiet.

This hotel was dated and the front desk staff were very rude and unprofessional. We asked why we were charged two different hold fees during the check in process and the girls at the front desk looked into it on the cpu and said that they made a mistake while charging our credit card for the security hold fee but that it would get dropped off to the one original fee at checkout which will be returned to our credit card with verification of the room not having anything broken. We checked out and the staff was able to get the second additional accidental fee waived and we were told that the other normal fee would be returned usually in just a few days as it is a little different with each card company. I called the hotel 4 days later to see if they could update me on why the fee was charged to my account and not just returned and the staff said they were looking at the details of our stay and that there wasn't anything in the cpu to show any reason why and that it should only be another day or so and we should get it returned to our account. After another 4 Days and still no return of our money, we stopped in to see if we could try to get someone to help get the funds released and they immediately came up with smoking which was not done in our room and just offered absolutely no help or any kind of reasonable solutions or service. It's surprising that in the 21st century there are companies that punish their own local customers with their technicality policies that they have in place to punish us for using our points which helped us get a free night at this hotel.

Easy acess very close to airport and there Breakfast waa excellent

Occasionally our family will stay at a local hotel for a night just to get 'away'. Our kids like to swim and it provides something different for the family.

First, I thought I had paid the pet fee online. It appears that wasn't the case and my wife said the front desk attendant was pretty rude on the phone.

Second, the breakfast from 6:00am - 10:00am Sunday morning was not available at 9:00am. We were specifically waiting to head down to eat during half-time of the World Cup Final. There was no food; all the trays were empty. We found out there was no milk after out kids got cereal. I got the last cup of coffee, and it was only a half of cup. When I asked if there was more food being cooked, I got a blank stare with a bewildered look and I actually said "I guess that answers my question." From what I gathered they were out of food too cook. After looking at other recent reviews I question that, and feel it may have been more of a staff decision. Either case is bad.

Fortunately, there are plenty of other hotels in the area with a pool and that allow dogs.

We stayed here 4 nights beginning on the 23rd of November, 2022. We stayed here last December as well, and still love the place. It's in a really nice area for shopping and eating, as well as a few bars. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The architecture of the building does allow for a ton of noise pollution from people closing doors and walking down the halls. As a result, we didn't sleep much the whole time, but that's not really the hotel operators fault, more-so the way the building was built and the behavior of the guests. One glaring issue is the pet fee. Before this visit, every hotel we'd stayed at (my wife, my cairn terrier and I) had fees ranging from 15$ to 75$ per night for a small dog. This location charges 200$ flat, so it still divided out to 50$/night in this instance. However, had I only stayed one night, this would've been egregious. In the event of a one night stay, the pet fee would've exceeded the cost of the room, which seems a bit crazy. Granted, who knows what guests in the past have done. Last year, it was probably 50$/night, but I can't recall. Hopefully this policy is modified somewhat, perhaps based on size of the animal or length of stay. I don't know, but otherwise, I love this place. We'll definitely come back again, and probably within the next few months. This time, unless something changes, my little buddy would be better off with my parents back home.

Let’s start with the location…a wonderful little pocket of Colorado Springs with ample shopping and restaurant options within walking distance. 

 Very clean and well designed rooms. They are a little dated as far as technology goes but, I believe they are preparing for a renovation as early as January 2023! Excited to see that. 

 I’ve stayed here several times and every time, those that are working are always the nicest, most polite professionals I have come across in the service industry. That’s what really makes this place fantastic. The people that work there.

10 out of 10 I would recommend this hotel.

Night managers were extremely rude. House keeping (or someone else) kept moving personal belongings and coming in even when do not disturb sign was on door.

Great location, terrible service. The staff was yelling at my group for eating too loudly in the dining room at 8:30pm (the website says quiet hours start at 10:30). The convenience section of the lobby is bare. There is one microwave for the hotel. My TV said "no signal" almost every time I tried to watch anything. Overall one of the worst hotel experiences I've had.

The hotel is nice, and it's near a lot of cool places in walking distance, but they aren't cool with ANY noise in the lobby after like 8pm, which is annoying when there are no posted rules about quiet times. There's also no microwave in the rooms. Honestly the worst customer service experience I've ever had at a hotel - the lady was pretty condescending. It's pretty clean and feels safe though.

The location is in walking distance to restaurants and shopping.  It is combiner and in a safe location.  Staff was friendly and they do allow pets.  I would call and ask for clarification on the cost. I saw 3 different pet prices, made it confusing on how much the room was actually going to be for 1 night.  But the hotel was clean and I would definitely stay here again.

I love the Location it's very convenient and safe.The hotel is clean and most of the staff is friendly!! Plenty of stores and restaurants near by in walking distance. There's also a Target/Tj Maxx and Ross across the street!!

The hotel is exceptionally clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The bed was very comfortable and you couldn’t hear the other guests (unless they were running and screaming in the hall) making it a very pleasant stay.

From checkin to checkout everything was fabulous! Tyler was amazing and always had a comfortable smile on his face. He will go far in life. Breakfast was excellent, served by another smiling employee. Management must be doing something right since all employees and guests seemed happy. Well done!!!

Stayed here for 2 nights while.in town on business. I liked the location and choice of food and shopping within walking distance. Nice firepit out front as well. I also liked that I could open the window in my room to let in some fresh mountain air.

The beds are the best

Great location, near restaurants, shops and a movie theater.  Close to my business destination and right across the street from a Krispy Kreme!  Loved that a SWAT team was staying there as well - Go "Boys in Blue!"

Nice and clean, large room, good view

Awesome Staff. Breakfast was awesome.  Everyone was wonderful.

Sadly disappointed in my stay there.
Room not cleaned and breakfasts were always empty.

The place was fine, and the location has everything within walking distance.

Pleasant hotel in a great location. There was a problem getting the heat/cool
adjusted properly. Wish the lighting was brighter.

Absolutely love staying here!  The location is close to so many shops and restaurants.  It is very comfortable and homey!

Clean hotel

Hotel is located in a large shopping complex.  There are many food options and stores.  The included breakfast had a good selection.

Very nice hotel. Not sure why there's no microwave in the room. This is important. Always a need to heat something up on the fly.

Reserved a room for a work-related trip from 8-28 to 9-3.  Did not need to stay the entire week so checked out early on 9-2.  The individual at the front desk refused to check me out stating I did not give a '24 hour notice', despite staying at that hotel for over a decade, with previous early checkouts, and never been told there was a penalty for early checkout.  Front desk also refused to give me a receipt, said it would be e-mailed to me on the actual day of checkout.  I assume this hotel rep was too lazy to print out the receipt, didn't know how to add this supposed 'penalty fee', or it was not official hotel policy and leaving me checked in was the way they leveraged this ‘early checkout penalty’.  No explanation was given. I left the room keys at the front desk and traveled back home.  I did not use any of the hotel facilites for the remaining day of the reservation I was charged for, no water, electricity or breakfast.  The maid did not have to clean the room that extra day.  Essentially, I was being charged $297.61 for the service of early check out and having a receipt e-mailed to me.  If anything, with this shady hotel's business practices, that room was probably double booked to charge a new person to stay in the room while still charging me for the room.  So I sit around for going on TWO weeks now and no receipt has been e-mailed to me, though the credit card has speedily and efficiently been charged the full cost of the stay.  So now eating into my time, I have to call IHG and navigate the network of automated recordings and call centers to get a copy of my receipt.  This entire corporation tells me they cannot provide a copy of the receipt and refers me to the hotel I stayed at.  I call the hotel and request the receipt.  I ask why they didn't initially send the receipt, why I have to call to get a copy.  I am told It'll be sent and hung up on.

Clean.

After spending a week sleeping on a surface that was the hardness of a board, we stayed at this hotel. It was glorious having a bed and pillows that weren't actively try to kill your back and neck. It was a bit of a letdown that there was no hot tub to soak in, but the pool was not freezing cold so we took on some swimming instead. While our experience may differ from everyone else, it was a pleasant stay. Only thing that I found pretty stupid was the front doors, along with the others, were locked by 8pm. For safety reasons? Seriously. Gotta use the phone outside the doors to call the front desk if they aren't sitting there to get in, so you can check in. I've been to a lot of IHG hotels in the Midwest and this is the first I've had with 8pm locked front doors. Other doors fine but should at least have the front open til 10 or 11pm.

By far one of the most comfortable bed that 2 weeks of traveling. Super clean and smelled wonderful. Right in the middle of shopping paradise! Breakfast had so many options. We will continue to stay at this property going forward! Kudos to the staff!

I felt the staff is overwhelmed, probably manpower shortages…especially in the kitchen.  Food was fairly good, but when they ran out of bacon at 7:00, she said she wasn’t going to refill with any.  I said not everyone likes sausage and she said the people eating the last 30 minutes took it all.  I was shocked, but she finally agreed to cook more bacon so I waited.  After she placed more gravy and more sausage, I asked if the bacon was almost ready.  I had already waited 15 minutes and she looked at her workers like she was frustrated, then the other woman said she would make some.  So now 35 minutes later she brings me a plate of bacon.  This was very nice, but what about all the other people that don’t like sausage.  I guess times are hard everywhere!

We booked the hotel last minute because we didn’t think we were going to stay in Colorado spring for one night. I am so happy we got one of the last rooms because the Holiday inn was very clean and relaxing!! When we checked in late I was a little worried I would be able to get in because they had all the doors locked. But thankfully we got buzzed in by one lady at the front desk. She was very helpful and nice!

Stellar customer service. The room was super impeccably clean and quiet. Comfy sheets. 100% the best bang for your buck in CO Springs. 10/10 would stay there again. Also the first complimentary breakfast I've ever been truly happy with. They have the best hotel eggs I've ever had (without having to pay for them). Well done, Holiday Inn. 👏

Jerica was outstanding. 
She has help me so many times ..I can't thank her enough.

The room was clean and service was good.I would recommend to anyone.

Pool was closed on 4th of July, front desk person was on the phone with someone while checking me in. The store in lobby was bare a few diet sodas and NO WATER. The woman at front desk would not refund my money once we arrived and saw pool was closed we no longer wanted to stay at that location. Our holiday was ruined and I do not recommend staying here, Holiday Inn Express on Venetucci and Holiday Inn Express & Suites in Manitou are A million times better!

Clean, friendly, convenient, modern, the list goes on and on. Holiday Inn outdid themselves with this hotel. Top notch from head to toe. Will definitely be my resting place on every trip to Colorado Springs!

Lately holiday Inn is my choice of hotel to stay.  Clean and clean.

It was nice to be able to get in to this hotel at the last minute. I wasn't sure this is typically not the case. I appreciate it the security of the locked doors after hours. The elevator felt a little scary because it sounded like there was some grinding of some gears. The staff was friendly. The room was clean, one of the nicer Holiday inn expresses I've stayed in.

Hotel advertises itself as "pet friendly."  But they charge a $200 pet fee.  What a joke.

Always love holiday Inn expressea..nice rooms and good breakfasts

I always enjoy staying at IHG hotels due to their quality service. I do find the beds in most are hard for my taste. I usually don't sleep very well but that is the only thing and that won't stop me from staying at HI Express. Many other very good reasons to stay and the most important is cleanliness. I will take cleanliness over comfort of a bed any day. I always get great customer service from the friendly staff. I recommend this hotel to anyone.

It’s amazing and the breakfast 😮‍💨 is amazing but the Wi-Fi is not really good but 5 star

The staff was friendly, breakfast was good but maybe adding different breakfast items ie: bacon or a sausage patty would be great. Other IHG hotels have those options. Overall a great stay.

My wife and I took this stay for our wedding anniversary and completely loved the stay the room was amazing and the food was great we stayed for a night and have already rescheduled an additional stay in June

Clean room, comfortable bed, friendly front desk staff. Overall good experience but high priced for location and time of year

We were in town for family graduation , greatroom and service .  Only thing better would have been pool and hot tube available on site.  they did offer neighboring hotel pool.  Breakfast staff was very friendly each morning .  Nice!

Overall, a solid and clean hotel. It's a Holiday Inn, so not exactly a five star experience, but everything is up to expectations at this spot.

Great hotel very clean, very friendly, and very helpful

No toothbrushes were available and pool not available- would have booked at parter hotel where pool

Was available

They allowed us to check in early at 10 am. Yummy breakfast offered. My kids loved the pancake machine. Rooms were good size and had plenty of countersink for all our things.

This hotel is my prime location to use when staying in Colorado Springs.  They are close to a lot of restaurants and other conveniences.  The value for the amenities you get is fairly comparable as well to other hotels of this caliber in the area as well.

I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Colorado Springs for any length of time.

Close to where I need to be, very amenable, only concern is that the shower/tub is incredibly slick; immediately fell over after starting the water, the accessibility rails are a must-use

This is a very good Holiday Inn Express location. The hotel is extremely clean and perfectly located in a shopping and restaurant district of Colorado Springs. You can literally walk to countless restaurants, bars and shops, without any transportation. The rooms are very comfortable and spacious, and staff very is very helpful.  They serve a good complementary breakfast, the only drawback is the pool is currently closed.  I highly recommend this Holiday Inn Express location.

The hotel is decent and the rooms are nice and clean. The beds are very hard, like you might as well sleep on the floor hard and the pool is closed for maintenance.
If the pool is listed as an amenity then it should be disclosed at the time of booking or checking in that it is not available. When you have kids the pool is sometimes what can make the trip tolerable.

Decent enough. Room was nice and clean. Staff was friendly. Would be nice to know ahead of time that the pool is still closed. Bench seat in dinning area in dire need of dusting. What really upset me was the fact that their website advertises second night is significantly cheaper than one night. At checkout, both nights were the same price. When confronted about this, the desk clerk said prices change daily and said "sorry about that"! That was it, paid full price for both nights. Room was booked well in advance. Paid too much but motel was handy to where I needed to be.

Great staff and service

My favorite place to stay in the springs.

Most miserable stay ever. I booked a room for 2 days, so  my twins can swim for their birthday. No one informed us that the pool was under construction.we didn’t get notified that the pool was closed & under construction, until we tried going swimming. The cable channels suck. We are bored & miserable. We live a couple miles away off of Woodmen. We’re packing & leaving early where we can sleep comfortably in our beds at home & watch movies on our premium cable at home. Again… we only booked a room, so the kids can swim. Could’ve spent my money somewhere else useful. My kids birthday is ruined.

Visited here on two occasions and enjoyed both of my stays. Nice, quiet, and the location was great.

Awesome staff, very clean and excellent location. Look forward to coming back!

Love the entire location.

Staff was excellent. Only thing was breakfast selection wasn't the best.

Great location and nice and clean

My  family enjoyed the stay. Room had a great view.

We enjoyed our stay with you. The view of the Mountains is spectacular. Your staff is awesome! The room was very clean  the breakfast  had many choices for you to choose from.

Staff nice, breakfast was good. Seems to be a dog friendly place too

Convenient and great location for finding a place to eat.

Enjoyed the stay. Breakfast was awesome in the morning and the stay was enjoyable and relaxing. I would recommend.

good stay, good service, great accommodations. When my original room smelled off, I asked to be changed to another room and they did so without hesitation.

My stay was very comfy with no problems. The staff was nice and professional. Property was all around very clean.

Comfortable bed and great location. Need microwaves a safety boxes in the rooms.

Very friendly service with a nice pool and exercise room

Wish they had a hot tub but it's really nice.

Probably in other circumstances we would have enjoyed our time more. We realize that the management is trying to make it all work. However, once we check in to a room, during Covid times, we don't want anyone coming into the room to fix things. So, it was definitely irritating that the TV did not work, because we did not want some service person coming into the room to fix it. Since most of the staff were not wearing masks, including most of the room cleaning staff, we were ever more reluctant. But the fact that the breakfast lady was not wearing a mask meant we were unwilling to eat anything that was prepared on site, which limited our selection to cereal and several times there was no milk. There were no cinnamon roles either, though we would not have eaten them because of the server. Several times the coffee pot was empty, but once I got a fresh pot - timely treat. But the killer was when we extended our stay for two additional nights due to family issues in Colorado Springs, we found ourselves locked out of the hotel, our keys would not let us in, even the front doors were locked and we had to call the night manager to let us in, waiting for ten minutes in the mid-door chamber with the outside doors opening every time we moved and cold air blasting us. We liked the room, the bed, the shower, etc., it should have been a nice stay. But it kind of soured badly and ended up being one of our worst stays at a Holiday Inn Express. I've been a club member since they began the Priority Club. So that is saying a lot.

A clean, comfortable, affordable hotel in walking distance of upscale shopping and dining.

Nice place  Qualité price

The staff is quite nice, and the facilities are modern. The breakfast is a fairly standard affair but it is well prepared and very clean. It is too bad not all the guests wear masks in public, but it's hard for the hotel to police that. The proximity to a lot of restaurants is great. The rooms are clean and comfortable. I've stayed here perhaps a dozen times.

It smells horribly.  I recommend  another property.  Staff does NOT follow posted masking rules and hotel is not clean.

Not so friendly when certain people are working, didn't find out that a microwave is available for extended stay until after two stays of 2 or more days, cleaning staff always makes you feel welcome and supplied. Should always have a microwave for every room! In every motel , hotel or anywhere a must.

This was our first time staying here. We loved it. The hotel was very clean, friendly, staff, good location, the room was comfortable. It met all our needs. Will stay here again.

The bed was a little hard.  The front desk lady that was working at the time was unfriendly.  Wish the price was better.  It was pricey.

This hotel is amazing! Everything was perfect from check in to breakfast to check out.

I called at around 1pm to see if I was able to get an early check in we had arrived early and we were already tired and just wanted to lie down. They had no problem getting us a room that early and when we arrived it was the quickest process and the host was super friendly. The rooms were very clean and looked very nice. The beds were absolutely comfortable.

The hotel was located in a perfect spot for shopping and food.  Many things were in walking distance.  The scenery and atmosphere were fantastic.

Good stay! Close to everything! A little noisy on my floor! But will always go back because of location! Breakfast can be better with a variety!

I am a Platinum Elite member.  Despite my request to be in a room away from the elevator and ice machine, I was put in a room two doors from the elevator and ice machine.  I asked for a pet-free room (because of allergies) and this was not given.  I said no housekeeping, yet housekeeping came in.

We stayed here one night while on our way to Utah. Check in was great, they let us check in early. Room was clean and room was comfortable. We rested and checked out early. No problems. Would stay again

Nice location, night staff was a bit bland………………………………………

Room was clean and comfortable. Front desk service was good.

I have really no complaints at all but one.

Certain staff members did not have breakfast out at the prescribed time when they worked. 

Aside from that I would recommend this place to all who come and go if they choose to stay at your Hotel.

Otherwise I was very satisfied with my stay there.



thank you.

James

Breakfast was not available but otherwise nice place to stay

Deceptive business practices. I am reporting to better business organization and Colorado tourism information

Great stay! Very convenient to local restaurants and services

This hotel is very close to many restaurants and stores and my place of work. The staff is courteous but the hotel is very busy and every time I stay I am woken up by loud people in the pre-dawn morning hours. The rooms are nice and clean.

They took the microwaves out of the rooms. When I asked why they said it was because of Covid. So now instead of a dedicated microwave in my room that I am the only one touching it, now I have to share a microwave in the front lobby with a hundred other guests. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. 

Then the day after I leave they add a $277.00 smoking fee to my room. I don't smoke. 

I know these are management based decisions so this hotel has a bad manager. I will never stay there again. Congratulations, you scored $277.00. That is the last money you will ever get from me. I hope it was worth it.

Brittany was helpful when we got there late and housekeeping was too.  Food at breakfast  good if u got there early

They took the microwaves out of the rooms. When I asked why they said it was because of Covid. So now instead of a dedicated microwave in my room that I am the only one touching it, now I have to share a microwave in the front lobby with a hundred other guests. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. 

Then the day after I leave they add a $277.00 smoking fee to my room. I don't smoke.

I know these are management based decisions so this hotel has a bad manager. I will never stay there again. Congratulations, you scored $277.00. That is the last money you will ever get from me. I hope it was worth it.

Stayed here for 5 days. Pet friendly. No problem with military travel orders. Short Drive to Ft. Carson. Great shopping in the area.

Front desk is great, super service getting us checked in early with our dog. Out back is a grass area for your dog to play and there are provided bags

I slept like a baby! I wish my stay had been longer.

I was at other hotel (SCP) and was a terrible experience. Called Holiday Inn and they got me a room late at night. Everything about the stay was wonderful.

Loved my mini get away! I looked forward to sleeping in, but housekeeping woke us up with knocking and yelling “housekeeping!” Even though check out was 3 hours away. On a side note, I appreciate those housekeepers efforts to maintain a tidy environment! Air conditioning works amazing, location was great for shopping and eating.

Great spot, lots of shopping, food and drinks near by, all within walking distance

Quite clean updated atmosphere. Come relax and have a relaxing time.

We love this hotel.  It is in a great spot in the middle of restaurants and shops.  Great location. !  We love staying here when we come to The Springs

@kindwavesofadventure.

This is a nice hotel. Many places to eat or shop and easy to get to with GPS.  Close to family we went to see.

Great place to stay, great hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Close to several places to walk to for food drinks shopping and entertainment.

Excellent in space, comforr, cleanliness and the service was amazing. Love this place and want to visit again soon

Everything was great, Albany at the breakfast did and an excellent job. she was very friendly and helpful. The front desk were also very helpful and friendly.

This hotel needs to purchase new mattresses. To pay for a suite and be miserable trying to sleep and for there to be no tub, was very disappointing. We travel a lot and would not recommend the hotel because of this.

Great shopping, movie theater and dining within walking distance of the hotel.  Very quiet as the hotel backs up against a golf course.  Suggest having a martini at The Wobbly Olive 1 block from the hotel!

This is a great hotel to stay at.  The location is great and it is around so many shopping and eating options. The hotel was quiet and had all of the amenities of home.

I've always had great experiences at Holiday Inn. the area is fantastic.

This location maintains the high quality standards for the HIE chain.  We have stayed at this location multiple times and the staff have consistently maintained the quality and comfort level of the hotel.

We stayed here for 4 nights in order to explore Colorado Springs.  The beds were comfortable, the hotel was quiet (even though it was completely full the first night) and the staff was professional and friendly.

Friendly Staff. 

Neat clean hotel.

Good location right next to shopping, restaurants etc

I booked this hotel last minute due to a flight cancellation. I was able to quickly reserve a room, check-in was a breeze, and the room was extremely clean. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom had all needed amenities.

Unfortunately, our room smelled like smoke in a non-smoking hotel and the hotel staff was unable to remedy the situation.

If I could give zero stars for this hotel I would, they don't even deserve the one star that I put. We had a bad experience checking in yesterday at this hotel. The ladies at the front desk were very unprofessional, the manager Lucy was really rude. After checking my husband in, Lucy was giving my husband dirty looks as he walked away and she was whispering things with the other employee about him. She didn't know that I was on the couch watching, we approached her but she denied the whole thing even though I saw with my own eyes. She made us feel really uncomfortable and unwelcome so we canceled our booking and left. She didn't even apologize, Lucy should be fired.

Arrogant staff. Lack of courtesy.

Considering everything, the hotel was great. Just wish breakfast had more variety, but i understand.  Theres plenty of restaurants in the area to make up for it

We loved that it was walking distance to the shopping center. The facility was great and the service was friendly.

comfortable bed, nice room, nice lobby, great staff, AC fan stays on.

Nice, clean, spacious room. Location was good too in mall itself besides movie theater. Breakfast was not good at all. Very disappointed. Found pricey compared to other stuff it had.

The entire stay at this hotel was very very disappointing! Cleanliness, staff, food and overall appearance was less than desirable

My fiancé and I were taking a vacation from working at a resort that is located far in the boonies outside of Trinidad, CO. Coming into a warm, clean room with a large bed and living space, free of dirt or bugs was just the perfect amount of a break we needed. We were content and relaxed for the duration of our stay, from the moment we walked into the room. The atmosphere and set up was perfect, and we’re wanting to come back soon.

Overall  two day stay was good.  Only to our surprise there wasn’t a single hot breakfast item available. I talked to the staff and they told me all the ovens were broken!!! 

I am not sure what types of quality checks done by the hotel to make sure everything is in working order..

When we arrived, there was one person before me checking in. The extremely rude desk clerk talked to that person handed her the key and turned to me saying „did you just listen to what I told her“? , that goes for you too! I was handed the key, no information about the internet connection! We had to call later to find out, that the password that was poorly written on the key sleeve was it! Breakfast was horrible! Food that was supposed to be hot was cold and the selection was less than desirable! Since we are a military couple having travelled the world, we were more than disappointed! We were charged over $1400.00 for 6 nights! At day 6 our room wasn’t cleaned, neither did we receive clean towels! When we asked the desk clerk about it, she told us that room service only happens every 3 days! Why weren’t we informed about this, when we checked in? The entire hotel staff is extremely rude! The only reason we stayed here was the location! I definitely do not recommend this place! A total ripoff!

I really don’t have any thing to say at this time.

We always enjoy staying at the Holiday Inn Express.  Clean rooms, comfortable beds, and great breakfast.

Very clean smells nice & spacious room, we loved our experience

The hotel itself was nice for the price. I just wouldn’t recommend the hotel if you have young children. People might complain in the nearby rooms and you’ll be threatened with having to leave. Our kids are pretty well behaved but they can’t be expected to whisper and tiptoe the whole time.

IHG lied about their price match - will never do business with this brand again

Everything was fine; the room was very spacious and clean. Regarding breakfast on Sunday, they closed the service 30 minutes early—which isn't good—so I had to go out and buy my own breakfast.

My overall review i liked the hotel the staff was nice and friendly the rooms was spacious and very clean the bathrooms was clean it was so quiet I slept so good. I will definitely be back
The staff member help me find the nearest Walmart.

The first thing I noticed was that the friendly front desk person on our first arrival was stationed there for what seemed like 24 hours and even after all that time he was still happy and friendly. Our stay ended up being three nights and he was there for most of them. His service and friendly face was comforting.

This hotel was nice, clean, comfortable. So nice to be able to relax after driving a long ways. Will stay again if we return to Colorado.

My husband and I were surprised at how nice the hotel was. It was clean, ideally located for our trip to the Symphony. The Staff was very friendly and made sure we knew where everything was. We will return.

Crystal was super nice and welcoming. Nice clean place and polite staff. Excellent bacon at breakfast. Easy on and off the interstate.

Cons:
- the beds are so incredibly soft, it killed my back. I ended up sleeping on the couch (which was very firm) because the bed was so soft

- the location is not so great. There are other reviews mentioning not feeling safe, especially in the parking lot

Pros:
- staff is absolutely wonderful and their customer service is phenomenal
- the remodel is gorgeous and our room was beautiful and very nice
- the complimentary breakfast is EXCELLENT

I only knocked off one star for the location because that’s not really something they can control. But everything within their control is definitely 5-star worthy

Very Gorgeous and clean! Comfortable beds amazing customer service

Had an absolutely amazing time the staff was great except for both managers. I just couldn’t believe what I was hearing. They are an absolute joke when all the employees are the managers kids there’s no responsibility taken at all. No correction given it’s just the guest is always wrong never been cheated like that anywhere it’s sad when their staff has to apologise for the way the managers act. Also a great place to bring your kids if you wanna show them the towns homeless people and drug addicts hanging out all over the place couldn’t really sleep was scared. My car was gonna get broken into and speaking management before they would’ve said there’s nothing to do about it. The management definitely ruined this for me and I will be telling people not to come here.

卵料理が毎日変わるので飽きない。スペースシンポジウムのシャトルバスが停まるので便利です。ダウンタウンまで歩いて行ける。トレインステーションバーも近くにある。

The General Manager was amazing, avoid Crystal at all costs. You will know her when you meet her.

Crystal was working this afternoon and was super nice and accommodating me breakfast as I told her I had to leave very early the next day super welcoming. 🙂

We had an awesome stay over the weekend! The location is perfect if you’re heading to pikes peak, garden of the gods, manitou springs, etc! The staff was super helpful and kind. We will definitely be back!

I enjoyed an amazing 3 day sleep-over at this HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS LOCATION. Tho I had the same issue about a tub upon arrival, I had NOT requested one the week before when I booked so - can understand that with few available, they could not accommodate me.  They tried tho.

Otherwise, everything else was perfect; and I am old - have used many HIE sites across many states - this hands down - was my best experience.

-Food was excellent! The person who made and kept breakfast items filled - was SO pleasant, friendly, biggest of smiles and even helped me empty a  too-full-coffee cup to put in a lot of cream.
-Desk staff - always a friendly smile, willing to help with any request..extra towels, ornry TV problem, directions for different locations in Colorado Springs...perfect customer service! (C.S was my job for 40 years...I know the beast!)
-Location was spotless, hands down. Nary a spot of dust in any corner I saw; bathroom, coffee counter in room, breakfast area, etc!
-Towels were sparkly white, shower was not slimy (as R some places), etc!
-Entry way with couch and several easy chairs was spotless and well chosen for color and comfot; surrounding tables - no matter what time of day - had perfectly arranged varying types of reading material.
-Plenty of different height tables in breakfast area to accomodate any comfort level.
-***Coffee and juice (and few fruits) were available 24/7 in breakfast area!  Excellent for my several "out of normal hours" needs!
-Parking lot more than adequate with many rolling carts available for luggage transport.
So...many thanks for a most comfortable experience during my not-so-comfortable hospital event.
Kudos to all staff; GM/AGM: Mr. Sokolove and Johnson: Jessica, Chrystal, Megan, DeAndre, Louise, April AND...if not mentioned above - the amazing young lady responsible for the super breakfast served...delicious, hot and plentiful!
See you all again next trip!

Most sincerely...danielle simone

I am in the process of moving from Colorado Springs to Denver while my old house was under renovations. The weekend of 3/6/2026 I stayed at this hotel no issue AGAIN coming back and fourth from Denver to Colorado Springs w minimal help. I try to book again during the weekend 3/14 and was denied “because I’m a local”. Obviously my Id and IHG rewards show my old address which hasn’t been updated. Stayed here one weekend with no issues, so clearly being “local” wasn’t a problem then. I booked another stay and they canceled it. I booked again thinking it was a mistake, and they canceled that one too.

When I called to ask what was going on, I was met with straight up rudeness by “Will” explaining that “they don’t rent to locals.” Apparently that rule only applies when they feel like enforcing it. He then goes on to ask “well why does your reservation show this address?” Maybe Mr. Will should have a little for training w the IHG App to realize that WHEN YOU BOOK ONLINE IT DOESNT ASK YOU TO UPDATE THE CURRENT ADDRESS YOU’RE CURRENTLY STAYING. I will make sure to use my membership elsewhere with people who deserve my business .

If you don’t rent to locals, maybe don’t let locals book in the first place or have this sighted plain ans day instead of canceling reservations twice and wasting people’s time. The inconsistency and attitude from staff was extremely unprofessional.

The staff are exceptional and friendly. When I got my stay extended they bent backwards to accommodate me even though they were extremely busy. Breakfast had a variety of choices and was always available on time. Rooms were spacious comfortable and clean.

Very nice all around, but I needed ADA compatability. They advertised roll-in showers which the room didn't have. Also, no grab bars in the tub and no handheld showerhead. Except for not being what I needed, or could use, it was a very nice room.

Very disappointed in my room, I booked a normal room with one bed and for some reason they put me in a handicapped accessible room with no bathtub. I specifically booked this particular hotel because there were photos of bathtubs on the website. When I asked to switch rooms I was told there were none available with a bathtub, which I find very doubtful because of how empty the lot was. I will not be staying here again which is too bad because the location is perfect and and the staff is nice.

This hotel is in the perfect spot for us! Near the family we visited in downtown Springs but still just a hop onto I-25 away from many other great local spots. Hotel is being cared for with their recent facelifts and it is nice to know it is being taken care of. The breakfast had some staples but also varied, which was nice — definitely the best hotel breakfast we’ve had in a long while! The double king suite was wonderfully spacious for our family of four and provided us with ample space to set up the little one’s pack’n’play too while still having space for the rest of us. Will absolutely be staying here our next trip!

I had an absolutely fantastic stay here. The room was spotless, the staff were genuinely warm and helpful, and the price felt like a steal for the level of comfort and quality. From check-in to check-out, everything was smooth, easy, and exactly what I needed no stress, just a great experience. Highly recommend!

This hotel has just received new beds and paint throughout the building, so out stay was very comfortable. The common areas were super clean, there was great tasting coffee in the lobby 24/7, and the pool was very accessible and not busy whenever we were using it, making it a nice outing for my family. The breakfast is great, especially the little cheese omelets.

The business center is not working.
Can't give 5 stars.

This IHG was lovely, we got a great price on a two queen room, ended up in a king + queen room by chance, the walk in shower was very spacious. Very welcoming overall. Breakfast was as expected.

Nice and clean hotel, very central to most anything you would want to do in the area.  I will say the owner cares a lot about this location, doing many upgrades to an already nice facility to make guests even happier.

Food and staff are great! Definitely recommended.

Comfortable rooms but very noisy due to proximity to the freeway. They do have a message up that they are in the process of putting in better sound proofing windows.  Parking lot is big but has some potholes that need addressing.

Best hotel in city I will recommend to stay again if your in Colorado spring great view great hospitality I love it here didn’t want leave love joy peace and happiness

Large spacious rooms, you would be surprised how big they are! Clean, friendly staff. On check in we were greeted with status recognition. Could get coffee at the time of checkin, which was a plus. Breakfast was overall ok as such, could have been better. Scrambled eggs was not in the menu.

My stay at this location was the same high quality as with all the other locations I’ve stayed the employees are friendly and helpful and always wearing a smile

Where do I began this hotel was amazing from the moment my family n I walked in we were treated like 👪. From the front desk service to our breakfast the next morning. Tina and Maria were awesome! Aspen and Will were great. They made our stay a 10 +. The hot tub and pool were great. Beds were so comfortable slept like a champ. This will now be my family and I go to when we're staying in the Springs area. Great location if your needing the downtown area. This stay was with my wife, daughter, n my brother. Awesome stay... great service.  Room 104

Do not book at this location . I booked using my points for a trip for myself and my daughter, a girls only trip. When we arrived, there was a homeless camp outside the location. We did not feel safe staying there as we were traveling alone.|I called to address my concerns and decide we would stay somewhere two women would feel comfortable and safe.|I was told there would be a $27 charge for the cancellation, and I would probably lose my points. I was ok with this loss.|The next day I got a $150 charge. I called and got nothing but the run around from the location as well as from the corporate office. Each stating the other needed to address the charge and the loss of my points.|I attempted to express how two women did not feel safe in the area. The manager offered no help, he stated they had contacted Colorado Springs PD and the hotel could not do anything about the homeless camp outside their building. At one point I was told they changed owners when I contacted the corporate office they told me the do not have any info a change of owners. Needless to say I have NEVER had any issues with any IHG locations until this place. Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!! Crooks and no regard for women’s safety!

Staff 10+
Cleanliness 10+
Overall 10+
This location was extremely clean 
Pool and jacuzzi in good conditions

Do not book at this location . I booked using my points for a trip for myself and my daughter, a girls only trip. When we arrived, there was a homeless camp outside the location. We did not feel safe staying there as we were traveling alone.
I called to address my concerns and decide we would stay somewhere two women would feel comfortable and safe.
I was told there would be a $27 charge for the cancellation, and I would probably lose my points. I was ok with this loss.
The next day I got a $150 charge. I called and got nothing but the run around from the location as well as from the corporate office. Each stating the other needed to address the charge and the loss of my points.
I attempted to express how two women did not feel safe in the area. The manager offered no help, he stated they had contacted Colorado Springs PD and the hotel could not do anything about the homeless camp outside their building. At one point I was told they changed owners when I contacted the corporate office they told me the do not have any info a change of owners. Needless to say I have NEVER had any issues with any IHG locations until this place. Highly DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!!! Crooks and no regard for women’s safety!

nice and clean the staff are friendly 😊maybe i will go in there next stay with my love and stay for 8hrs again.i will love 😊

Room was clean, a great size. Bed was not great. 
Left something  in the room and called and they were quick to find it and put it aside for me.

I had a great stay here. The room was very clean, the staff was incredibly friendly, and the price was unbeatable for the quality. Everything was easy, comfortable, and exactly what I needed. Highly recommend!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Excellent location. Easy access to highway, and also to attractions. We could take an early morning trip to Garden of Gods, and the hotel location was very convenient for this.People at the front desk were very friendly and cooperative. Breakfast spread was very nice. Room was clean and conveneint.

Overall a good place to stay. Very near downtown Colorado Springs (3 minutes drive) and a great value.

Less than a mile from downtown area. Easy parking (and free!), got a nice room and it's quiet enough. Breakfast pretty standard for holiday inn but free breakfast can't complain! Convenient to get where you need to go in COS

As usual, a great stay. BUT - MAKE SURE YOUR ROOM ISNT ON YHE I25 SIDE.!!!  Sound proofing is  AWFUL. HEARD TRAFFIC ALL MIGHT

Lighting was dim in room, wished for brighter light for reading, writting area.  We wnjoyed the breakfast, and kuerig in the room with varird samples.  Large bathroom,  plenty of towels. Very nice hotel.

Staffs are very polite and friendly

Stayed here for business in Room 424 (King Suite) and had a great experience overall. The room was spacious, clean, and well-organized, perfect for a work trip. Only design flaw: the light switch for the kitchenette is by the main door, so you have to walk back out to turn the lights off at night—bit inconvenient but not a deal-breaker.

Breakfast is the most unique I’ve had at a Holiday Inn Express—they sometimes offer hot tortillas and hash browns so you can build your own breakfast burrito. Really enjoyed that touch, but please add salsa. Ketchup and hot sauce don’t cut it if you’re offering burritos. Glad to see the classic cinnamon rolls were back this time too.

Friendly staff, quiet stay, and very good overall value. One warning: be extra careful exiting the parking lot onto Spruce Street—the incline is steep and you will scrape the bottom of your car if you’re not slow and precise.

Would definitely stay again.

This hotel was convenient, with parking and breakfast included; a way better value than the hotels across the bridge. And the breakfast was so good; they had cheese omelets and pancakes among other good food.

The staff are friendly and so helpful.  The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are clean and beautifully designed

Probably one of the best breakfasts in a hotel (included in the price of your stay) that I’ve ever had! It included pancakes and cheese omelettes.

Our stay was very good. The staff is very friendly, the breakfast was yummy, and the rooms very clean. The hotel itself was updated and nice. I'd definitely stay here again.

We had a wonderful time in the hotel. The service was excellent and the staff was very nice and kind.There was a lot of thing to do around the hotel.  We went to Black Bear Dinner they had excellent food there.

We were on a 10 day vacation staying at several Holiday Inn Express along the way, this was one of the best we’ve stayed at. Really enjoyed the roominess of our room

Nice 👍
Good

9/21/2025 - Just checked in. So far wasn't really thrilled the shower is super small and they left half used toilet paper rolls in the bathroom. Went down to the hottub and was very disappointed the jets dont even work. No one mentioned that before hand. I most definitely would have choose somewhere else to stay. That's the main reason we chose this location. I will update after checkout to see how the employees handle this.

Update: no comp on the room for the broken hottub. Breakfast was good and plenty of food. The noise from the road I cant attest to because I used to hotel provided ear plugs.

Good nice

Great place to stay close to downtown restaurants. Very attentive and friendly staff, comfortable room and excellent breakfast. Good well
supplied gym!

Positive: Affordable and clean Negative: Some of the dispensers in the bathroom were broken. Seems to be a issue in your hotels. The last time there was shampoo in the  conditioner bottle bottle

Very clean and convenient rooms with outstanding, friendly and helpful staff.

Very accommodating room. Comfortable beds and sofa. Mountainview Room was larger than normal.  Loved it. Hope to get same room again. Breakfast was perfect to start the day.

Basic hotel that was comfortable and right off the interstate. The airline lost our luggage and the front desk was very helpful with providing a toothbrush, toothpaste, and a comb.

Nice clean big room. Comfortable bed, good customer service.

This hotel was very nice and clean, but the nighttime traffic was a huge problem. The front desk does offer earplugs, and now I see why…

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The rooms were very well maintained. The hotel itself is nice. The service was great. Checked us in early so we could go enjoy the sights. The location wasn't convenient to the expressway to get to the Denver airport.

Rooms smell like strong perfume, it's disgusting and gave us headaches.  Beds are very uncomfortable and the carpet had dirt and hair all over it. Homeless people hanging out in the parking lot and didn't feel like vehicle would be safe. Very bad overall and would not recommend.

Rooms smell like strong perfume.  Beds hard and floors filthy.  Definitely not like the photos on google!

Comfortable modern hotel with pleasant helpful staff and good breakfast.

Wonderful stay..extra large room very impressed with decor, cleanliness and staff friendliness. Great views around the building.

Very wonderful hotel great breakfast recommend staying there to everyone

Place was dirty from the time we stepped in the door. Room was terrible, paint coming off the wall ac sounded like it was going to come apart.

The service representative that greeted me when I checked in was great. She advised they had upgraded my room. The room was spacious and the bed very comfortable. The mountainside view was fantastic! I really enjoyed my stay. Breakfast was nice as well.

I would provide the following advice to the kitchen staff:
1. If you see that a food choice has finished, bring out more of that item so people don’t have be waiting to eat. 

2. If someone spills something etc… don’t gossip about the occurrence until guests are gone from the breakfast table area. 

3. Don’t assume guests don’t understand or speak Spanish, I know it and understand it very well and heard all that was said about the spilled food and I thought it was very unprofessional.

Easy to get everywhere downtown!

The hotel, its staff, the rooms, the beds were all up to the standards we expect at a Holiday Inn property and we were very comfortable.  The only concerning thing is the location.  It's right by some liquor stores and there were homeless people lurking around. That made us nervous for our car.  I suggest better parking lot lighting and obvious cameras to dissuade possible opportunists.  Unless that is fixed, I hesitate to highly recommend this hotel even though the hotel itself was nice once we went inside.

Staff was very pleasant and professional.

This hotel is clean and spacious. The staff are polite, helpful and thorough. The beds are super comfy and the rooms are big. I would recommend this hotel in Great Falls to anyone looking for a quiet place to stay.

Good and very friendly staff, and well run facilities overall. The hotel is very clean

We had a suite with a mountain view. Wow, such great scenery!
Great breakfast! Pancake maker, bacon, tasty omelets, packaged muffins, fruit, yogurt, juice, bagels, cereal, and oatmeal.
They even had gluten free bagels and soy milk!

This hotel has many rooms that face the 6-lane Interstate highway (I25) and the noise level in these rooms is unbearable at night with 18-wheelers etc. zooming by all night.  You cannot sleep, even with the good earplugs I brought. You should get a clue when the check-in person at the desk offers ear plugs to you. Never had that happen in any other hotel I've ever been in.  You stand a better chance of being able to sleep if you book a room on the front mountain view rooms.  The breakfasts were adequate.Pictures from the windows of our room are attached.

Pool was nice and breakfast was good. Location was nice because it was centrally located to the attractions that we were interested in visiting. It was also easily accessible to the interstate for convenient travel.

We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, making us feel welcome from the moment we arrived. Our room was spotless, spacious, and had a comfortable bed. The hotel is also in a great location, close to many attractions. Breakfast buffet had a great variety of options

Spent 3 nights at this hotel for the first time. Staff was very friendly and I was given a handicap room that I only realized when I got to the room.  The room however turned out to be very spacious and quiet and with multiple amenities.  I loved the super easy to use Keurig coffee machine. Room had both a microwave and a refrigerator and the bathroom had the standard products (soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion dispensers; makeup remover wipes).  Bed was very comfortable. A few downsides were with the room cleanliness and electricity.  Apparently the room hadn't been used in a while as there were a few cobwebs in the bathroom ceiling above the mirror and at the kitchen table, and the a/c units hadn't been dusted in a while. There was a power outage on one of the days for the entire hotel in the morning for what seemed like 20-30 minutes.  While the power outage was an inconvenience, I wasn't in the room much of the day with planned excursions. Breakfast was affected by the power outage, no oatmeal and egg omelets were cold on the inside.  Hoping this was just a single odd occurrence.  I will consider coming back.

The room was clean & comfortable, we did not hear any "hotel" noise and slept great. Our room was facing the highway, I'm generally a light sleeper, but I put in earplugs and the noise did not disturb my sleep. The staff was friendly, they have many breakfast options. The fitness room was clean and enjoyable. we had an early morning on Sunday and breakfast didn't start till 7, however staff was kind and let us grab yogurt and chocolate milk from fridge. Parking lot is small, if you have a trailer you will need to park on street. We parked next to bank for two nights with UTV on trailer with no issues, during the day we dropped and left trailer in parking lot and no issues there either. There is an empty back parking lot the hotel doesn't own with fencing all around it, it would be a great purchase for additional parking for guest.

Room was nice enough, but the air conditioning unit n the room smelled really awful. A very strong mildew smell.

The hotel had a good sized car park was we were driving to Denver from Las Vegas.  The room was large, quiet and comfortable with fridge, microwave, overlooking the I-25 and railway lines. My son was happy watching traffic and trains! The hotel had a swimming pool with jacuzzi which we enjoyed. The negative point, breakfast was served with plastic cutlery and polystyrene plates.  You could not cut the bacon, the food was great tasting however. There were yoghurts, fruit juice, milk, delicious cinnamon swirls, coffee and cereal. The hotel is 10 minutes drive from old Colorado city, 20 minutes from the Garden of the Gods.

Good quality and easy check in and check out. Good overall experience. Would recommend this hotel to friends and family.

Excellent hotel with great staff. Would recommend for children as they have a great pool and a great breakfast area.

Very clean hotel. Staff was very friendly. Hot tub was very relaxing.

This hotel was wonderful! Close to everything we wanted to see and the view was wonderful from our room! The staff are friendly and our suite was perfect for our family of four! Thanks for making our stay great!

Great place to stay the night while in Colorado Springs. Breakfast is always good. Pool is perfect temperature.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The entire experience was great! Clean friendly and responsive. Be mindful of the deck area by the pool, it’s very slick. There is a restaurant very close by called The Mactory; highly recommend that for dinner.

I highly recommend this Holiday Inn Express and Suites.  The property is nice and the staff are exceptional! The location worked great for us and we will definitely stay there again on our return visits to Colorado Springs.

The room was comfy and clean! We got the 2 queen bed suite and it was perfect for my family of 4 with plenty of room for everyone.  Breakfast was great and they even had dairy free options for milk (son is allergic). Definitley will be checking our Holiday Inn Express in other cities!

Check-in was friendly and smooth, and the rooms were clean and comfortable. However, if your room faces the highway, be prepared for a lot of noise—it can be quite loud, even at night. I’d recommend bringing earplugs or requesting a room on the quieter side of the building.

My wife and I, two professionals in our 60's, had made a reservation for one night through our IHG account while we were moving houses.  When we arrived at 6pm the very rude clerk told us that as of about 2 weeks ago the local manager had decided not to rent to people from Colorado Springs.  He explained that they had had a bad experience with a young, local couple.  This had nothing to do with us.  We asked him to call the manager so we could speak with him and this clerk threw us out of the lobby and told us to get off the property.  We contacted IHG with our complaint and never heard back from them.  We are done with IHG and Holiday Inn.  This probably qualifies as age discrimination.

We had a great stay at this Holiday Inn. Large room with Mountain View’s. Will definitely stay here again.

The hotel is clean and well taken care of. The front desk corrected an error quickly and without a fuss. This is how a hotel should look and be run. It doesn’t hurt that the beds are also very comfortable. Kudos to the property, management, and staff.

Nice views, vegetarian options for breakfast, friendly staff, a clean hotel with a small pool and hot tub.

How is this the same hotel chain as that absolute trash dump that in downtown Denver that we stayed in? This place was excellent. The rooms are clean updated well maintained. Every facility from breakfast to the pool to the hot tub was clean and well managed. The staff at the front desk were professional and energetic. everything worked. Nothing in downtown Denver at the Holiday Inn express worked. That place is garbage. This Holiday Inn in Colorado Springs is amazing. Never stay in downtown Denver but COSprints? This hotel is a+

The shampoo, conditioner, and soap in the shower are very disappointing! When staying at IHG always make sure you have your own shampoo and conditioner. The dove body care they offer is very low-grade.

Perfect location! Clean! Staff is amazing! We stayed a week and enjoyed it the whole time. Wish there was a little more cushion in the bed and didn’t hear the traffic noise as much but honestly the AC helped drown out the noise! We seriously enjoyed our stay for a week!

For cleanness, I cannot expect more.. I strongly recommend this hotel for family stay.

Just what I needed! Work trip, and it met all my needs!

Our family of 4 had a great time at this hotel. The front desk staff was incredibly accommodating with towels and pillows, the room worked well for the size and the breakfast was good for all!

Excellent hotel.  The beds are comfortable.  The hotel is clean.  The breakfast is tasty.  The staff are very friendly and helpful.

This hotel is good if you want a nice shower and breakfast, but not a good nights sleep.
We checked in on Sat 6/20/25 an assigned a room #314, which was on the city (highway) side.  The noise was so loud that the 2 of us were up til after 5:30am.  Tried everyting to relax with all the highway noise, even wrapping the extra pillows around our head.  So in the morning before breakfast I talked to the front desk to complain about the noise, the person was not very helpful and said they have sound machines and ear plugs for the rooms on the city side of the building, which we were never made aware of when checking in.  I can not believe that IHG would build or buy a hotel that has been poorly engineered that has this problem.  And yes it is a major problem that they are aware of because they would not over ear plugs and sound machines.
We have stayed at several IHG hotels and never had a problem, this hotel should be torn down or sold to a Motel 6, very disappointed that we did not get any respect from the front desk at this hotel.

Positive: The breakfast food was great. Staff was great. The size of the room was spacious and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable. Negative: Having the news playing in the breakfast room was unpleasant. The room had a bid of a mildew smell.

Deandre at the front desk provided my family excellent service for the three nights we stayed in Colorado Springs

Only person who showed any compassion for our problem was Josiah-Maintenence. The front desk clerk did not care he told us we dont have any rooms you can go to another hotel.
When we checked in we were told continental breakfast was from 7am to 10am. We went to eat at 9:30 am most of the food items were gone. I informed the breakfast staff they gave us a unfriendly look and did not replace any of the empty breakfast items.  Whatever happened to customer service and kindness. No one cares anymore its like the customer is a bother

Fantastic location about a 15-20 minute walk from downtown activities across the freeway. Excellent breakfast and amenities provided (e.g. pool, fitness center, free parking, convenience grab n’ go) along with friendly staff. The only downside given its location is the proximity to the freeway. If your room faces it, it is exceptionally noisy during all hours of the day and ear plugs for a more restful sleep are advised. 

Room cleanliness and utilities were great (e.g. microwave, fridge, Keurig coffee maker), AC worked as needed during the height of a heatwave, and the room had good lighting and charging ports. Bathroom was a little challenging for people under 6’-0” since both the sink location was a little further back than typical and the showerhead was difficult to adjust without assistance from a taller individual. 

Overall, despite some of the minor negatives listed, this was a great hotel choice.

It feels a bit redundant--some points are mentioned multiple times; it waits reviewer's times so that reviewers do not have patient to finish it. 
Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay at the hotel. The only disappointment was that, upon check-in, I specifically requested a room away from the highway because my wife is a light sleeper. The front desk assured me that our room did not face the highway, but unfortunately, it turned out that it did.

We did not enjoy our stay, there were issues with our a/c unit that wasn’t fixed so we couldn’t sleep. Breakfast was poor. Management wasn’t around to talk to.

Very nice and responsive staff. Booked this hotel on short notice, but would totally recommend! Clean rooms and fantastic breakfast.

The guy, that checked us in, had super wonderful customer service. I wish I knew his name because he took care of everything we needed and then some. I loved the breakfast because it had prepared oatmeal hot and ready with toppings just like I wanted. The room was superb and the bed was absolutely perfect. I needed a handicapped room that had numerous bars which are so helpful to me. I would definitely choose this one again!

The hotel was great, clean and comfortable. I liked the choices we had for breakfast. My only complaint was that the pool was too cold to swim in. I was not thrilled with the location. I didn't feel comfortable walking to a restaurant that was 10 minutes away because there were homeless folks milling about. I thought this was much closer to downtown Colorado Springs so either my misunderstanding or misleading information.

We stayed here after a really long day of airline cancelations and delays.  I can say that Mary at the front desk was amazing!  She put us at ease and made our stay so relaxing!  Thank you so much, Mary!  It was such a stressful day and we were finally able to relax when we got there.

I do a lot of traveling for conventions, and have stayed with IHG a lot this Holliday Inn blew me away compared to the others I have stayed at in the same area. elevators you can fit in easily, room layouts that don't make you feel like your in a door room. BEST Holiday I have stayed at in awhile clean well kept and roomie. breakfast in the morning was different compared to other locations but still good (missed out on the Biscuits and gravy)

Very clean and quiet great place ro stay except tv won't even turn on...what is happening

Room was perfect,  all workers are very nice.

We enjoyed our stay & everything was very wonderful.  Loved how easy it is access.  The breakfast has some great choices & the food is very good.  Everything was so clean & very comfortable.

Comfortable room with outstanding and extremely helpful front-desk associates.

Mary at the front desk is amazing

We were greeted when walked through the front door, the front desk personnel were always helpful.  Nice atmosphere.  The hotel was adjacent to several restaurants and we enjoyed the small walks.  The mountains were snowy and beautiful to watch in the mornings.

Great hotel

Checking in was swift and easy. He was able to move our room to the top floor with a Mountain view rather than looking at the motor way! Our TV was not working so we let the front desk know on our way out to get food and when we came back the same TV was still not working. We called down and he sent maintenance again within a few minutes and he got it sorted!

The hotel was so welcoming from right when we walked in the doors. It was a quick check in process and our room was so clean. The morning breakfast was definitely a bonus to have as an amenities! The pool area also seemed very clean and kept to cleaning standards!

Everything was fine until the garbage came at 4 am Saturday morning and woke us up. It was so loud and had a very hard time getting back to sleep. This was room 409 so if you don’t want to be unpleasantly woken up on a Saturday morning stay in rooms facing the south. I mentioned something to the front desk and apparently they can’t change the time to make it more reasonable and pleasant for their guest. Really wish I would have known this prior to staying.

The location is next to the freeway with huge road noise. Rooms are outdated with possible plumping and air condition issues.

This is NOT a 4-star hotel! Not even 3- stars! It’s rediculous! It is outdated and exactly next to the freeway!!  Be aware of Huge road noise!

Great place really clean and comfortable

Convenient location! Clean! Spacious room! Nice pool and hot tub.

Decent hotel, but noisy, as it’s right near the highway.

Most importantly for any hotel, this property was definitely clean and safe. Plan on eating breakfast elsewhere even though it is included. The property is showing its age (chipping built-in furniture, disconnected thermostats, a sign warning you the elevator is "sensitive.") It is a very convenient location to attend weddings at the Pinery. Will at the front desk was very nice and helpful, as was the shuttle driver. Some other staff was less available or helpful. Jacuzzi was burning and heated pool was freezing the entire stay. Overall a good stay on a budget or for a quick trip. Would explore other options for a romantic getaway or if you hold high expectations for lodging in general.

We got zero sleep to loud it was impossible to sleep. We tried everything it was just to loud. Our baby didn’t sleep and it made for a miserable day for him and cause lots of Stress and frustration for our family

Holiday Inn Express in Colorado Springs is a great choice for families of four. The room with two queen beds provides comfortable accommodation, and the room size is sufficient. The hotel's excellent location makes it convenient for accessing nearby sightseeing locations. The complimentary breakfast is good with a variety of options available. Overall, a pleasant stay with great value.

Received excellent service here. Amenities were better than expected for the price. Front desk was always staffed and responsive. Provided breakfast was good, with the bacon being exceptional. Location is excellent, being very close to many unique restaurants and locations.

I can’t say enough regarding the help I received during the check in process. He helped me cancel and reschedule a mistake I made during the online booking process when I was not able to do it myself.

This hotel needs new management!  We waited 20 minutes for someone to appear at the front desk to check us in.  The breakfast was completely gone an hour before it was time to close.  When I asked staff (who were sitting talking in the pantry) if there would be replenishment, they rudely said “NO” and continued their conversation.||The room was ok.  Dated but appeared clean enough.  I won’t have cleaning service while I’m here because the staff seems angry and annoyed.  I’m afraid of having them in my room.||Location is very nice.  Close to downtown bars/restaurants.  I would still stay somewhere else and uber to town.  Don’t stay here!

Convenient location, very clean rooms, comfy beds and the customer service was great. Breakfast was hot and ready for with a variety of choices. I stayed this night and returned 2 days later and stayed again.  Thank you IHG for meeting my accomindations.

Been here twice for work, and I have to say amenities at Holiday Inn’s never disappoint.

If you’re cool with drug deals and homeless people out front, then this is the place for you.  People sleeping in their cars right out front of the parking lot.  Booked a two queen accessible room, but when I went to check in, it wasn’t available.  They fixed the issue with a king and a pull out couch/bed.  Pool was very cold.  Pool was clean and always stocked with towels.  Breakfast was your classic Holiday Inn breakfast with pancake machine.  Room was meh.  The shower curtain mount tile was cracked, there was some water damage in the ceiling by the shower.  TV’s were tiny and who in the world still uses directv?  Just give us a smart tv and we’ll log in to our own accounts.  Loud AC and heat.  I thought there was a car driving through our room.  Had to sleep with it off.  Loud noises in the hallways at all hours of the night.

they have a friendly staff and clean rooms. easy access to the location. clean and comfortable rooms.

This is the first time I have stayed at an IHG hotel and I was a little concerned. The lobby was very comfortable and the woman working in the counter was very nice. The room was very comfortable. I was very happy with the cleanliness of the room and the quality especially on my first day. Whenever I visit Colorado Springs, I will be staying at this hotel again.

Frequent this hotel quite a bit with my team for work and usually the staff is VERY friendly and helpful but the guy working overnight tonight was really just aloof and didn’t care about any of our concerns/requests.

Was a very enjoyable stay. I was very happy with our trip. For a hotel so close to town I was pleasantly surprised that they didn't charge for parking like so many others in the area. Room was clean and the staff were very kind. Would definitely stay again!

I was in town for a hockey tournament we reserved the room three months in advance and had to pay the $125 to reserve the 4 night stay. I ended up paying over $700 dollars when I got there for the room. I'm confused why it was so much but I didn't have any other choice but to stay at that point being it was a stay to play tournament. Room was really nice, bathroom was clean no plug in the bath for some reason. Room service came once and never took the trash. It was close to the downtown area which was fun.

My stay was very pleasant. The location was clean and secure and the staff was very helpful. Breakfast was good in the morning, and the automatic pancake machine was really cool. Also they had strawberry cream cheese 😋. The room was clean, my TV remote was not working at first and there was some wall damage near the window but it was still a pleasant stay. The one thing I did notice when going to bed was the road noise, but the trade of is being 2 min from down town. It is to be expected being right off the highway but I did notice it while trying to drift off.

Amazing I booked 3 rooms and needed and extra bed in one of the rooms and it was an extra $10 per day charge but Jessica was amazing she personally took care it personally contacted the manager and got back to me everyone is amazing there they have such great customer service

Very good

I enjoyed my stay.   The staff was very friendly and accommodating.

Overall great price for service and accommodations. It is not a luxury hotel of course but we got what was expected and staff was great. One slight weird thing was a cleaner waking us up to ask what time we were leaving. Other than that, the suite was spacious and had all that we needed.

Breakfast was great. Staff was incredibly attentive. Rooms were clean. Would stay again.

My family and I had an emergency.We had to have a place to stay.The Holiday Inn made us feel safe comfortable, clean.And relaxed

When I booked my room I had booked a Mountain View queen suite. When we arrived, the room had been changed and the guy on duty didn’t know why. He was the only one working at the time (it was Christmas Day) and so he put us in a standard king room on the highway side. We were pretty disappointed with it, but he told us we could speak to management next day. Next morning, my husband went down to ask about why our room may have been changed and while we still don’t know why, they did quickly remedy the situation and moved us to a Mountain View king suite. The view was beautiful and the room was spacious. The service was excellent at all times, breakfast included. One elevator was down and that kinda made it slow coming and going. But overall, we would stay here again.

I highly recommend this hotel. It is near downtown and has easy access to the highway. It is also near Manitou Springs so there's easy access to attractions.

Clean hotel, friendly staff, easy parking, quiet, and beautiful mountian views.

I very much enjoyed my stay at your Hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Nice room, good location, friendly staff, good service and good breakfast

We would stay here again. The room was spacious and very clean. The room was quiet at night and the breakfast was great.

My wife and I booked a room for our anniversary. Went with a suite and she loved it. Definitely want to stay at this hotel again. Oh we loved the pool and hot tub as well

Nice atmosphere, Clean rooms but breakfast service was terrible. There was no food left around 9 am and when we asked if they could refill, the lady denied saying they do not refill and to eat what is leftover. Very rude, no bagels, bread, eggs and nothing veg-friendly. Had a disappointing experience for a 4 star hotel.

The rooms were clean and place was overall very nice. Breakfast area had lots of options. Did not go to the pool/hot tub, but it looked nice!

Truly enjoyed this hotel. Comfort of home away from home - from the first moment of checking in. Glen was amazing. He explained the surroundings, good places to eat and visit. He also arranged for a free ride for dining within 3 miles. Took advantage of that ride, and hit up a local award winning restaurant called Edelweiss. Fresh baked cookies in the evening and a newspaper in the morning. Looking forward to my next stay.

Love this place 😍❤️. Clean and very friendly staff.

Everything was just perfect. Cleanliness, comfort, and the hot tub & the pool were great. Staff were very welcoming. Breakfast was very delicious. Great location.

Considering that the hotel is rated highly, unfortunately there are no toiletries, no slippers and the breakfast menu does not change.

Peaceful motel. Awesome staff. Safe feeling location. The consistent hum of i25 actually made me sleep better! Very clean, peaceful & safe place. Very close to downtown which was super nice .Breakfast was good as well..

If I didn’t have difficulty entering the property through the always locked front door during a freezing snow storm, I would have said it is similar to all other IHG properties.

The entire establishment was just really helpful and caring. They took care of anything that I needed and honestly just cared enough to ensure that anything that was brought up was handled immediately and professionally thank you.

Clean and spacious room. breakfats is good and they changed it everyday

Very big room. Plenty of space and a nice big bed. The food was good enough to be happy with. Overall would recommend just because the price is very fair for the amenities and in an excellent location as well.

The hotel itself is VERY close to I-25 and anyone staying here will want to request a west facing room. The staff are friendly and helpful. The property itself is a bit dated and needs basic maintenance upgrades.

Stayed here with the high school team very accommodating

Was not able to make reservation online due to change in password requirements, so called the 888 number to make the reservation. It was to be using one of my annual free nights. Turned out they billed us for the stay.

The hotel is in a not so nice neighborhood. So, we should have stayed somewhere else.

I rarely write reviews, and I am not an easily impressed person. I’ve stayed many places and not bothered to provide feedback because the experience is usually just OK. When I visited this hotel, I was expecting to stay for one night. I had such a positive experience. I ended up staying a second night. By the time I left, I felt more like the staff were my friends than employees. These people rock, they take great pride in what they do, and they are a true asset to your organization!

The room was clean upon arrival. The air condition does not work. It was still warm, and it did not cool at all. It was on 60 degree the whole time and it did not hit set point temperature. When asked to maintenance the unit, The person only went in to decrease the temp. which did not do anything. A discount or move to another room would have helped!! This was not offered. 

For the area, it is average because of location, convenience to the city or mountains and off the hwy. 

The quality of the hotel is average, and parking was average. The view is bad if you want to see the mountains. You get to see the Bank of San Juan instead. 

I only recommend staying at this place if you want to stay by the hwy for ease of access to all areas of CO Springs (10 min drive to downtown and to the mountains)

Staff worked with me to give me the best discount possible. I was very pleased.

The ck in was simple and helpful.  The tv had issues but the maintenance man was great he got it to work   The we're great I was hungry. The breakfast was lovely.

The genral manager is a gem!  He treated us so well during our honey moon.  The breakfast and rooms were great.  Only thing is we didnt get full room service like we asked but they made up for that in other ways like free lyft rides to downtown.  Awesome stay, will do again.

Good service, easy check in, clean room and a decent breakfast variety. It is what you would expect and is a solid place to stay.

We stayed at this location when my dad passed away. We had to stay a few extra days to to a blizzard. I wore a pair of silver earrings the day before we left. I had put them in a removal portion of my jewelry travel bag. This portion also had a necklace that was a "mustard seed" and a pair of red flowered earing and a few other pieces. All of these pieces had meaning. My mom had just given me the mustard seed necklace. She passed away 4 months later. I had the silver earing since I was 16. I'm 63. My daughter had just gifted me the red earrings at Christmas. 

I called several times and each time the staff said they would look to see if insert was in lost and found and call me back. Each time I had to make the follow-up call myself. 

The staff at the front counter was very nice during our stay and accommodated our needs at all times. Our room was clean and comfortable.

House keeping new it was our last night staying and this is when they stole the jewelry. This theft is the cause of my rating.

Had a family emergency and checked in the room the same night we arrived at Penrose Hospital. First call for a reservation. Was fast at getting me in a room. Only 2.8 miles from hospital and close to restaurants. Great stay

Excellent staff. Breakfast was different and tasty every morning. Felt safe during my stay. Staff was incredibly receptive and attentive.

This hotel is at a wonderful location in Colorado Springs. Close to downtown and right off the interstate. They have a wonderful policy of shuttling or using Lyft to transport guests to within 3 miles of the hotel. This is awesome because then you don’t need to take out your car in an unknown city. The breakfast is outstanding! The front desk staff is terrific and the manager, Will, is very helpful. We booked a large room with a Mountain View and were very happy. It had a separate seating area for relaxing and two televisions. I would highly recommend this hotel!

My husband stays at this hotel for work frequently and always says he enjoys his stay. We stayed as a family for vacation this time and enjoyed our time here. The room was spacious, clean, and comfortable.

The attentive and courteous staff catered to my every need". 
 
The room amenities were nicely done, spacious, and rooms were very comfortable.”

Will definitely stay and recommend Holiday Inn hotel to family and friends.

Great location minutes away from local dining and nightlife. Beautiful and clean Hotel room and amenities All Above expectations.

Decent hotel - friendly employees. Lots of road noise; they have earplugs available. Walkable to downtown although perhaps not the safest, would not walk alone.

I didn't enjoy my stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Colorado Springs. It was in a sketchy part of town and there were drunk hotel guests having a party in the parking lot until very late. My faucet was also leaking all night and I finally had to turn off the water at the source to make it stop dripping. I felt like the price per night was not worth the location or the quality of the hotel. Far too expensive.

Clean rooms. Perfect service. Amazing locations. Nice pool.

The hotel itself is nice, and clean not walking distance to much.  Our room overlooked the Expressway, so it was SO noisy.

This was a busy weekend, I believe the hotel was sold out on Saturday night, you wouldn't have known it . The staff was professional and helped everyone with a smile and wonderful customer service, even when some customers weren't very kind. Will and another young man were a fantastic team. Breakfast lobby was packed, food was hot and coffee filled to the brim. Nice and clean .

The employees were very nice, the room was big and spaceous, and seemed well cleaned.
The breakfast was not the greatest, but it was good, I was sad to see they did not have sausage and hashbrowns every day, the oatmeal was so over cooked that it just felt like thick slime in my mouth, I could not eat it, so when they didn't put out sausage and hashbrowns I was down to just a bit of warm scrambled egg. There was cold cereal but I don't care for it and couldn't force myself to eat it. They had a pancake machine that made a pretty good pancake, but it was broke down part of the time, so just an e. 
 The beds were super hard I've been in hotels with hard beds before, but this was the most extreamly hard bed I've ever layed on, it was literally painful, the pain in my hips, shoulders and back caused by the harsh beds, tainted the rest of my trip, everywhere I went and everything I did was affected by my constant pain from sleeping on such ridiculously hard beds, literally think of laying on a blanket layed out on cement, that's what I thought of every time I played down.
 The pool and hottub were clean and we'll maintained, the pool was a bit cold. There was always clean towels.

Excellent location, Friendly Staff, Very Informative, Free Breakfast, Free Parking, All areas were Very Clean, Dove Products in the bathroom, Business Center has updated equipment and the Lounge area has plenty of sitting space with big screen TVs

During my family road trip, we really enjoyed this hotel to rest after the long day of traveling. The hotel looked newly renovated with large lobby. The hot tub was nice and the rooms were updated. Clean and comfortable and next to the highway with minimal noise.

During my family road trip, we really enjoyed this hotel to rest after the long day of traveling. The hotel looked newly renovated with large lobby. The hot tub was nice and the rooms were updated. Clean and comfortable and next to the highway with minimal noise.

We arrived for check-in at 3pm and were told the rooms were not yet ready. The room was right next to the highway and could not sleep due to the traffic all night coming by.

The staff was very friendly. Close to highway and downtown. Great breakfast options. Large clean room. Nice pool and hot tub onsite. 
There is noticeable highway noise in the room and an unhomed population in the adjacent parking lot

I would like to give a shout-out to this Holiday Inn Express & Suites. We had asked if we could host a ribbon-cutting event at their location, and they were very accommodating. We hosted the event outside on their patio and then utilized their meeting room and breakfast dining area for lunch afterward.

This facility was very clean, had lots of windows to let in natural light, and the staff was wonderful to work with. I will definitely keep them in mind for any other events we might need to host.

The hotel is in a convenient part of town, but one whole side backs up to the Interstate.  I asked for a west side room and was denied.  Hard to believe.  WAY too noisy to relax or sleep.  Ran out of tissues and toilet paper, the bed was very hard, and the room was dirty--sink, floor, carpet.  Gross.

My stay was subpar. The neighborhood was sketchy, with people in the parking lot at night and drunk hotel patrons being loud well past 10pm. the breakfast was unappetizing.

I had the pleasure of staying at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites in Colorado Springs from September 18th to 22nd, attending the Annual Fallen Fire Fighter Memorial Service. While my boyfriend has stayed here several times before, this was my first experience—and I was thoroughly impressed!

The hotel itself is clean, comfortable, and beautifully maintained, but what truly stood out to me was the hospitality of the staff. Having worked in the hospitality and customer experience industries for over 25 years, I can confidently say that the service here rivals some of the best.

Lara, in particular, was an absolute gem. She mentioned that this memorial event is her favorite time of year, and her warmth and delight in serving the guests were clear. One small example of her dedication: when my boyfriend asked if there was any ibuprofen available, she graciously offered him some of her personal supply. She explained that she keeps a stock on hand for situations like this—going above and beyond to care for guests. In my experience, that's the kind of thoughtful, guest-first attitude you simply can't teach. If I were in a position to recruit, I'd snap Lara up in a heartbeat.

Jojo was equally wonderful, always ready with a friendly, sociable attitude. He drove us to and from multiple locations without hesitation and made excellent dining recommendations. Will also provided excellent transportation when Jojo was off duty, and we felt completely taken care of by the entire team who elevate a stay beyond just comfort. They made our experience memorable, and it's thanks to them that I’ll be recommending this hotel to others.  I'll be sure to have them tell Lara hello from Jessica and Scott.

we enjoyed the hotel and will recommend it and will stay at holiday inn express again

The stay wasn’t bad, just minor details which can be easily addressed, for a more pleasant experience . Overall the bed was great , pillows too soft , everything was clean. Price was a bit much for location .

The staff (Glenn) was extremely friendly and helpful with our check in.  The room was clean and a good selection of breakfast items.

Great location for visiting the sites near Colorado Springs. We found it an ideal location to access restaurants in Downtown CS and Old Colorado City. ||Plenty of parking, well appointed room which was cleaned on a daily basis. Breakfast was reasonable too.

Not the greatest location. Older rooms, AC struggled to get cold. And no warm cookies in lobby!

Great place to explore Colorado, just a few minutes walk to downtown area. Very clean and comfortable room. Friendly and helpful staff. WiFi not good as it kept dropping out, but otherwise a good recommendation

I stayed two nights and had vastly different experience.  The first night was a Saturday and I made the reservation at the last minute thus ended up facing the highway.  (and pain way too much! ) The on-ramp was 50 feet away so loud cars and trucks literally vibrated the room!  No sleep that night.

Fortunately, the front desk guy, Glenn I think, moved me to the other side of the hotel the next night.  It was like a different planet.  Do NOT stay on the highway side unless you sleep like a rock.

Some reviews have complained about the neighborhood. It’s close to downtown so there are a few homeless around. I’ve seen a lot worse and I didn’t think it was that bad.  Certainly not a “ghetto“as one review said. Downtown Springs has a lot of good restaurants.

Five stars for the Mountain side, one star for the freeway side.

The gym was really great. I was able to use it at my convivence which made it really great for me as I usually sleep for a while and then wake up work out and the go back to bed again. Super attention to details!!!

Visiting for a memorial and it was great. The staff were super friendly and helpful.

Will at the front desk was the best!
We had a horrible experience staying at another place. Will greeted us so kindly and got us into a room with in a couple
of hours, very early check in.
It was clean and a nice place to stay!
So welcoming! Thank you!

Pros: very close to highway to take you to places, spacious, clean rooms, free parking!
Cons:
They dont serve water or have water cooler etc

We really enjoyed staying here. It is close to everything, easy to get to and park at, and it’s a well run hotel. The views are beautiful, the room was super comfortable, pool and hot tub are nice, breakfast has many options, staff is excellent. Hope to stay here again!

This review is ridiculous. I can’t even submit my review, I have a feeling because I rated you poorly. It won’t allow me to submit this; seriously?! The review needs at least 50 characters BOGUS

Our room was comfortable and stay to get around.  I am handicapped, and I appreciate having accessible rooms.  The only complaint I could make it that the shower in the first room we stayed in needed grab bars.

Another average hotel nothing too amazing but served its purpose. I’d go again but i wouldn’t seek out this specific hotel. I did enjoy having the pool open all day and night so I could relax after a late night.

I enjoy staying at the Holiday Inn Express. They have great customer service, tasty breakfast, consistency and quality amenities.

This was a good hotel to stay at. The breakfast and hot cookies at night were definitely worth it. The rooms were clean and beds were comfortable. I did not like the shampoo/soap dispensers on the wall, hard to use. The location was a little rough outside but once inside, felt safe and everyone was nice.

We celebratred our 40th wedding anniversary in Colorado Springs and your hotel was only minutes away from all that we planned for our 3 day weekend. We found the hotel spacious, clean and updated. Our suit was beautiful! Service with a smile and helpful. Breakfast was delicious. Thank you for a great weekend stay, definitely will be our first choice on our return trip back.

Would definitely stay here again. Comfortable beds, plenty of towels, accommodating and friendly staff, quiet room, afternoon cookies. Great location.

I went to be closer to the festival.  Hotel was clean, nice lobby, breakfast was the normal IHG standard.  Food and room staff were friendly and helpful.  Desk staff seemed a bit preoccupied with their phones, but did respond when I went over to them.

One of the best hotel experiences I have had in a long time! Next time I visit Colorado Springs I'll be staying there! Will recommend it to friends

Very nice and clean, very friendly staff. Nice area of town to stay.

Excellent hotel. With nice Mountain View’s
I would loved to stay longer and enjoy the bed while looking at the Mountain View from our room

This understated hotel was an excellent choice when needed while waiting for vacancy at my work retreat hotel.  The shuttle service from airport was a short wait, worth it for the tips on the area from the driver.  All staff I encountered were friendly and helpful.  The pool and jacuzzi were nice amenities as well.  The room was spacious and the bathroom counter was a treat for the female traveler.  The bed allowed me the best sleep I have had while on travel in a long time, truly!  I recommend this hotel.  The basics are delivered spectacularly.

Super friendly staff and very clean rooms. Great location for hiking and shopping. This hotel is where I stay every time I hike the Manitou Incline.

I work in customer service and could tell that the staff has been trained and is shows! They were so friendly and helpful with all our needs.

THIS ENTIRE HOTEL SMELLS LIKE BACON. It is otherwise as expected for a Holiday Inn Express. Rooms are spacious and clean, staff are courteous. Location is convenient but not quite walkable to downtown (we rented Lime scooters which was great).

The room was big and comfortable. The major plus for us was the included hot breakfast. Ever since the pandemic this is something that has become hard to find. The location was right two. The street from there Garden of the Gods which was perfect for us to get a sunrise hike and make it back In time before breakfast finished.

I like the people at this location, I feel the kitchen needs ventilation as when you go downstairs to the lobby and the breakfast area and even the hallways your clothes smell of grease. My room was a little dusty

Enjoyed our stay, comfortable beds, nice breakfast, very helpful staff and quick to respond to any concerns. Good downtown location.

I booked a courtesy room block at this hotel for my wedding, and the block manager Richard Wall went above and beyond to facilitate things for me and my guests! Our room had an amazing view of the mountains and was clean and comfortable as well.

The hotel was fine.  One staff member seemed stressed at the front desk, but the majority were friendly and helpful.  The breakfast was average. Our two bedroom suite was great in terms of space and the bathroom was clean and roomy.  The towels were average.  However the road noise was very significant.  We were three adults.  If we turned the air-conditioning on the noise was less but I feel that when booking this room, the staff should inform people of the location and noise level

This is one of the nicer IHG properties that I have stayed.  Second time there in a three-year period and I see many improvements since last time.  Cheers to the friendly and helpful staff!  Looking forward to seeing you again in Colorado Springs.

Good service, excellent quality, good location, affordable prices

Everything about this hotel was spot on.  Friendly check in process.  The room was clean.  Breakfast was good.  Lots of choices.  Washer and dryer was complimentary.  Would stay here again.

I highly recommend this Hotel . Great place to unwind while relaxing in a clean bed. Very quiet. TV lineup great, the food was good and a nice selection to choose from.

We had a group of 34 people and the stay was great! We ordered in our dinner and ate in the cafeteria. The kids enjoyed the pool.

The hotel is clean, rooms are nice and lovely. My only complaint would be that I booked two rooms and was then charged separately for each which doubled the taxes and incidental fee.

Room was mostly clean and comfortable. The bathroom ceiling had mold or some sort of splatter near the shower. Room was very spacious. The staff was friendly and helpful. The pool area has very slick tile floors. I fell holding my 2 year old and he had fallen about 10 minutes prior. Nobody was running, the floor is just very slick. Luckily no one was injured.

Overall the stay was very nice, it would have been made slightly better if the elevators were better maintained.

akandewifhrbvbrvufbrevbvv v hvf   nfjrjdncjsmcnnc  bfbfbbdisai

Terrible. We were on family vacation on the way there. Staying for three nights when we arrive they canceled our room. Keep in mind we talked to them on the phone that afternoon to confirm our room. So if you book here you better have a back up plan because their management don’t know what they’re doing.

Room was clean and kids enjoyed the large pool. Broken elevator, ice machine, and shower curtain among things that needed fixed. Bathroom vanity too big for kids to reach water. Blankets are very used and all the filler had fallen to the edges. Very hard mattresses. Don't recommend.

Easy to access, easy check-in, beautiful property, delicious breakfast, comfortable bed.

這是一家適合出差旅遊住宿的飯店，品質很不錯。但有個問題，住宿前預定刷卡的費用在入住時沒辦理退刷，導致回國後發現信用卡帳單多出一筆重複扣款的住宿費。希望飯店能協助儘早為我們處理退刷。

From the moment we entered the hotel to the moment we left, your establishment was well run and your employees were friendly and helpful.
And, your staff made sure that everything was clean and taken care of!
We left your hotel to go to one in Denver that was newer, but, not well run or taken care of, and I wished I hadn’t left your hotel!
That’s what an impression your staff made on us!
Thank you! Plus, we were very close to great restaurants and entertainment!
The other hotel did not have that, it was all fast food.

Our room was spacious, we faced west towards the mountains so we had the afternoon sun. We thought because the room was so warm, it was a matter of the sunshine, turns out the AC was not operating correctly. The evening maintenance man was apologetic, very helpful & kind & repaired it to such an extent that the air was much cooler. 

The next morning We went to the front desk and tried to speak with the day manager, who met me with an overbearing tone when I told him we were having problems with the AC. He said he would have the main maintenance man come up and check it out - he did, and the A/C was worse than the first day. We wish we had not complained because it proved to be ineffective and left us hotter than day 1. 

By the way, the day maintenance manager was quite abrasive with us too. Guess he gets that from the day manager leadership style. 

The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was adequate, but because of the day manager and the day maintenance man We will not stay here again and do not recommend this hotel.

This is not a safe place to stay. I was parked approximately 50 yards from the building and my Government Police vehicle was broke into and thousands of dollars in gear was stolen to include weapons. The Colorado Springs Police Dept. was no help at all. After doing my own police work, I feel this was an inside job from your staff.

Stay here if attending an event at The Pinery nearby! The shuttle driver was waiting at the end of the reception and made 2 trips in the pouring rain to make sure all wedding guests got back to the hotel safely!

Everything about this hotel is great but unfortunately the noise from the interstate is pretty loud making it difficult at times to sleep.

Room facing the interstate and was a little loud but they did provide ear plugs. We had no problem but there seemed to be limited parking. Overall, stay was average. The room was large and clean and worked for us for our 1 night stay before moving on.

Don't stay here. Horrible front desk service. My family was left without somewhere to stay and had to go elsewhere.

My husband and I were meeting his brother in Colorado Springs where we all planned to share a room before continuing our journey and attending a wedding later in the week. Our flight into Denver was delayed into the evening so my brother-in-law tried to check in. Laura, the front desk attendant, would not let him check in because I was not present. The stay was booked under my IHG account with points, but I had added his name on the reservation. We share the same last name too. We have never had issues with others in our party checking in before, as long as they were noted in the reservation and everything was paid. Laura was extremely unaccommodating for our situation. We even offered to pay over the phone with our credit card, but she would not budge.

Luckily they were able to stay at the Marriott SpringHill Suites nearby. Honestly it was a much better location anyway, further from the freeway and closer to downtown. Stay there instead!

Large spacious rooms and clean! Only complaint is the bed was hard (like laying on a board).

This hotel is in a great location with a fantastic view of Pikes Peak. Very clean, great morning breakfast, cookies in the lobby, welcoming staff. Five stars. Easy access to Interstate 25.

The staff’s friendliness is the only thing that made our experience bearable. The rooms AC wasn’t working and wouldn’t drop below 75, one elevator was out of service and check in was running over 30 min behind schedule.

I was looking for a hotel that was near the Colorado Springs downtown area that offered a great value, clean, comfortable rooms, and solid customer service.  The Holiday Inn Express provided exactly what I needed and with a location I could not beat elsewhere.

The hotel was modern, clean and the staff was outstanding!

Staff is friendly and helpful. Most comfortable bed I have slept in a hotel in years. Breakfast was good.

very helpful staff and clean and quiet rooms and easy access to locations.

Going to Holiday Inn I was excited. I love holiday inn and this one in Colorado Springs is probably one of the best ones I stayed at. From the time I walked in to the time I left the stuff was so grateful and so nice. The room was very very clean and very, very comfortable. I almost didn’t want to come back home. I went to Colorado Springs to watch a concert and they had a free list or Uber within a 3 mile radius so I was able to travel to the concert using that which was a great help. overall I would definitely recommend this holiday inn to anyone and I will definitely stay here again when traveling to Colorado Springs

I checked into this hotel, got my keys, went to my room and there was someone hiding in between the bed and the wall. To say I was terrified is an understatement. The front desk lady was super apologetic and called the police immediately. I decided to leave, things could be different in the future but this is a warning to everyone, especially women.

Great stay. Comfortable room, great breakfast.  Very friendly staff and knowledgeable about the area sites.

Comodo y servicial

After reading the low reviews we were a little skeptical about staying here. We think this place was great!  It was clean and modern, in a good location, breakfast was good, and all the staff we dealt with were friendly. Would highly recommend.

We enjoyed our stay here and are impressed with the continuing consistency when we stay with Holiday Inn. The rooms and halls were very spacious, and the breakfast is a full hot buffet rather than the usual continental bagels and muffins at other chains. The downsides: the staff was not present when we and several other guests arrived at the front desk to check in, so we had to wait a bit, and when it was our turn, the desk agent was not very friendly. The hotel is very near the interstate, and the walls need better insulation to block out the road noise.

Good location. Friendly staff. Clean room. Limited breakfast.

The desk attendant was very nice and helpful. Our room was clean and had a view of the mountains. Everything was great, the only cons I would say are the very small elevator and the quality/variety of the breakfast hot food.

Staff has been very helpful and friendly.  My stay has been extremely well.

Room was clean. Bed was uncomfortable. I chose Holiday Inn because the beds have always been comfortable. This one was not.

The hotel was great. The staff was so friendly and helpful. My family loved enjoying the pool all night and waking up to a good breakfast. The breakfast stays open late so it was nice to not have to wake everyone early to get food. The location was great. We will definitely be going back.

Hotel is in a seedy location. Noise from outside late into the night/morning.

Everyone at the front desk was extremely helpful, no matter what time of the day!

Everyone was nice. It’s right off the highway which is convenient but also very loud at night

Upon arriving, the front desk employee was very nice and helpful and told us about all the amenities, as well as made check in easy and quick. The bedroom was clean and the beds and pillows were comfortable. The bathroom was cleaned and had toiletries available and stocked. After a request for a plunger, the front desk provided one very quickly and were very understanding and friendly about it. Check out was quick and easy. Overall great stay.

The location is right off the highway and is pretty much centrally located for things to do in the Colorado Springs area.  The staff is helpful and the breakfast staff did a wonderful job with the breakfast each morning.

The room was amazing, it was definitely not what I expected! The staff was great the manager was able to check us in early as we needed to get ready for a wedding. We would recommend the hotel to others.

Great place to stay if you want to be close to a lot of attractions. This is a clean hotel with spacious rooms and great service.

Accessible room not that accessible no grab bars or roll in shower and not big enough for someone who is wheel chair bond

We would recommend this hotel to anyone who is coming to Colorado Springs.

I booked a courtesy room block at this Holiday Inn for my wedding. The block manager, Richard Wall, was super attentive and made sure all my guests were well taken care of. Several guests commented on how nice their stay was, including the breakfast. I highly recommend booking a room block here if you need one!

This Holiday Inn hotel cost us more than our next 2 nights in Cortez,CO and 2 nights in Albuquerque, NM Holday Inns combined.

We were welcomed by a very friendly desk manager that promptly attended to our checkin.  Recognized my IHG membership and offered us water.  The room was in excellent condition and clean.  The breakfast each morning was very good and had a wide variety of offerings.

I felt safe staying at this hotel and the staff was extremely helpful. Breakfast was actually a lot better than I expected and our room was very clean. It was a pleasant experience and I would stay here again.

We really enjoyed our stay at this IHG property in Colorado Springs. It was near downtown and right off the interstate. The staff is friendly and the rooms were clean. We will definitely stay here again.

Staff is top notch, lots of breakfast options and very clean everything!  Highly recommend! Area of hotel is okay, but they do keep the front doors locked 24hrs a day and parking lot is well lit.

I encountered an issue with my AC, and Lara, a staff member, promptly resolved it by arranging a new room with a properly functioning AC.

5+ hotel. Great and clean with a very nice staff. Breakfast was always good and hot

Room nice and big. Only problems were waiting a few minutes to check in and parking lot being resurfaced and hotel was completely booked. People driving around numerous times to try to figure out where to park. Because of the resurfacing all of the handicap spots were closed off because of where the resurfacing was being done

There are free cookies in the lobby (I didn’t take advantage of them, but they are there), and the carpets and bathrooms were all clean. No bugs anywhere in my room that I could detect and the sheets and blankets were clean. Quiet inside, only detriment is that the area is a bit sketchy and locals recommended that I not walk around there even to walk downtown to get dinner. However the hotel offers free Uber rides up to 3 miles away which is a great perk.

Nice views from window and very spacious rooms with cleanliness

These positive reviews are almost certainly fake. Zero stars. If you are a drug addict this might be a good place to stay.

My husband was in Penrose Hospital for emergency surgery and I needed a place to stay. The hospital gave me a list of hotels close by, I liked the location of this hotel the best. The staff were so kind and friendly to my situation. Breakfast was amazing!

Horrible highway and truck noise. Noise is only overshadowed by the excessively loud air conditioner eight inches from the bed. Pickup hotel supplied ear plugs openly available in the lobby.

I wrote a lengthy review and you should find it in my location.  It had to do with freeway noise, an intimidating neighborhood, not enough luggage carts, no ear plugs, small. breakfast area for size of guests, eating breakfast in the lobby, afternoon clerk having no recommendations for personal restaurant recommendations.

Too close to highway and not a lot.of parking.

The hotel staff was amazing and we really enjoyed our stay

Great stay!

Front door was locked upon arrival, makes it feel very unsafe. Nice employees. Non desirable location next to the freeway. But room was clean and fine for a one night stay.

Buyer Beware: Our flight was delayed and I called to make sure we still had a room for the night.  When we arrived at 9 pm, they had sold our room to another family. We were forced to find different accomodations.  Luckily the Hilton was close by and had rooms available.  The Hilton staff was very friendly and helpful, which was exactly what we needed after our experience at the Holiday Inn.

The hotel is conveniently located in the downtown area with great access to local restaurants, and local attractions. It is quiet and the room darkening shades really help block the outside light. The staff that I interacted with were all very pleasant and helpful.

Excellent front desk staff. Flawlessly clean and comfortable room. Surprisingly quiet - despite my room facing I-25, I never heard any noise from outside (or inside) the hotel. Fairly standard breakfast, but items changed up daily to avoid boredom, and the breakfast area was kept up very nicely. Easy access to I-25, and a convenience store less than a block away. I would certainly stay here again.

Hotel seems to be on the older side, but nice. Parking lot was undergoing repaving which made for very few spaces to use. Staff were helpful and friendly. However, in order to get a nice quiet room, I was put into a handicap room with no bathtub at first, but moved to another handicap room with a tub. The bed, however, was hard as a rock and felt like I was sleeping on cement. Since they had already moved me to a different room, I did not complain or want to be moved again. The view of the mountains upon waking every morning also helped and the room was very spacious.

We recently had an extended stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Colorado Springs and we are very pleased with our stay! The hotel and our room were clean, the staff were friendly and helpful, the continental breakfast was amazing and well stocked with a great variety, the pool and hot tub were well kept and relaxing to use. Highly recommend!

The hotel is a great option when staying downtown Colorado Springs. Very clean facility that hosts a friendly staff. Super convenient hot breakfast to get you going before those daily excursions.

Wonderful hotel to stay at. Great experience. Great breakfast. Wonderful staff. Fantastic hot tub! Would stay here again in a heartbeat! No complaints that I can think of!

Just an amazing experience- very surprised at the high level of service

I had a great experience with the staff, but unfortunately, the bed was extremely hard and made it unable for me to sleep on. They tried to accommodate me by putting a pillow top on top of it, but it really wasn’t working out for me and I still wasn’t able to sleep, I checked out a day before my check out

The front desk customer service were very nice and welcoming. The room was clean and tidy

This hotel is horrible! I’ve been to many hotels in life and around the country and BY FAR THIS IS THE WORST OF THEM YET! First it was the horrible customer service at the front desk, they wouldn’t let my mother and 3 sisters stay because they were locals and would not refund them the money but luckily with a tuff argument they finally let them stay.

We were trying to stay there for our graduation in downtown as it would make the trip easier for my family, me and my girlfriend. But this service is outrageous and disrespectful! They would tell us we can stay here or go somewhere else if we liked if we had problem we wanted to resolve. We were being as respectful as possible as well and even was willing to submit to whatever there solution is. But WOW are they disrespectful and unwelcoming!

If that wasn’t enough to keep you away from this hotel, our Uhaul we were driving was broken in broad, daylight in front of the hotel and stole a-lot of our clothes, briefcase and electronics but when we went to the front desk to ask for the footage for the police to investigate, they declined and said they needed a manager to do it and there won’t be one not until late at night 2am-5am(when no one is coming in) and still hadn’t gotten it as we speak. They only let us park the Uhaul closer to the building and that’s it. We asked the local liquor shop and Mac n cheese restaurant for footage but they didn’t have the angles for it, but informed us that there had been tons of break ins in peoples cars over in the hotel’s parking lot recently because there workers park there and have had there cars broken in.

The pools chlorine is high to the point you start to have a rash and feel a burning Sensation, eyes burn right as you get in without putting your head in the water, you get a bad headache (these were with me, my girlfriend, and my family’s experience).

Bed is hard as a rock, pillows are stiff, the AC is inconsistent and constantly blows air instead trying to keep temperature, and the highway keeps everyone up at night, not just me and my family but some other guests also experienced this.

The breakfast is usually over seasoned. The fitness center is a true joke in its self, it has a broken TV, minors pointed at a angle, cord everywhere, and TV’a on treadmills are limited as possible. The elevator was worrisome because of the note saying it’s sensitive and the creek and dings of the elevator didn’t help. It’s next to the ghetto part of town, near lots of homeless, next to a few Abandon buildings, and no where near any stores other than a few gas stations and liquor stores.

There is some good, they did have a good hot tub, the space and how clean the rooms are wonderful, the view is great, and the snack bar is pleasant but that’s about it.

Don’t recommend these guys, go stay at a different hotel. Please don’t be like me and my family and experience this terrible place.

Forgot to mention they charge a high damage deposit after taxes.

Asked for a different room because my comforter was dirty. Instead they brought me new sheets . They couldn’t even make the bed for me. Poor service, manager was extremely rude when I brought this to her attention. Would not accommodate. Service was unacceptable. Will not stay at this place again.

The hotel is very close to the interstate so it’s convenient but a bit noisy. The room needs updating but it was clean. Breakfast was one of the best I’ve had at a holiday inn express.

Amazing friendly staff who went above and beyond to help us after arriving 3 hrs early. Room was exceptional as were the Hotel facilities, the breakfast really was something to smile about. Highly recommended to all !! Thank you.

The room was very clean and well put together.  Breakfast was nice and good options.

We’ve stayed here after traveling several states for a family event with our two older teens. Not wanting to get 2 rooms, the 2 queen bed suite option was perfect for us as it allowed our kids each to have their own sleeping space & room for us all not to be on top of each other at a reasonable price! The kitchenette area is perfect as well. The pool area is actually open 24/7 which is great when you’ve been on the road all day and get in later and want to relax in the hot tub. The pool area was clean and plenty of towels around. The hot tub was working great and a perfect temp! The staff was super friendly and helped us easily extend our stay a day without any issues. Breakfast was well stocked and varied each day as well. We would stay here again. Some reviews commented about the noise from the interstate. We were on the mountain side and didn’t hear anything! The location in COS makes it easy to do lots of activities as well.

Great value for money, friendly staff, clean and tidy, outstanding breakfast buffet. Will stay here again.

We checked in midafternoon in about 30 seconds!  Friendly reception and great service throughout our stay.  Breakfast was diverse and healthy.  Exercise room up to date.  Room was quite large with all the amenities needed.

The hotel was very nice and clean. The rate was very reasonable. The staff were kind and helpful. The location was convenient close to downtown area. Our suite was very roomy. We were extremely satisfied with our stay.

I hight recommend this stay. Inside jacuzzi n pool. Great lounge area

nice view. inside updated. location was ok.

The staff at this location is very helpful and friendly.  The breakfast was hot and not the same everyday.  I would recommending a  stay at this facility.  Easy to find, near several sites and but not in the middle of the hustle and bustle of things.

Overall, I had a pleasant & comfortable stay. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The service could have been better. The room was missing regular coffee K-cups, and were not provided even after asking for them.

Staff was very friendly. Hotel was very clean and comfortable.  Pool was very clean and inviting.  Hotel is near good food and fun.

Staff was extremely helpful and friendly! The rooms were nice and clean too! Thank you!

I had a very good stay.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  The room was very comfortable and well kept.  Breakfast was great with lots of tasty options. I was on the mountain side, so beauty and quiet added to the expt.

I would stay here again. Comfortable rooms, great amenities, reasonable cost. The staff was friendly and helpful.

This hotel is centrally located in the downtown area.  Most restaurants and attractions are very close
Room was clean and comfortable
Bedding and towels were 5/5.
Shower pressure and temp was 4/5.
Breakfast was hot and good.  
Value was 4/5.

During our stay the elevator broke. We were stuck in the elevator with no assistance and we had to pry the door open from the inside. As someone who suffers from anxiety and panic attacks the incident was very traumatizing. Once the emergency services were called the “manager” of the hotel did not talk to authorities rather she just guided them to the next door abandoned building instead of guiding them to the broken down elevator and the guests that suffered from the incident to make sure everyone was okay. This has been one of the worst customer service experiences and by far one of the worst human experiences we have experienced. The only person who was genuinely concerned about our safety was the gentleman who assisted us in getting checked in / out.

If I could give 0 stars I would. We were staying from out of state. During our 2nd night of our stay the elevator broke down. We were stuck in the elevator with no assistance! We tried the emergency button and that did nothing. We tried using our phones but of course we did not have signal, it just said “SOS”. So no service in the elevator.  We had to pry the door open from the inside. As someone who suffers from anxiety and panic attacks the incident was very traumatizing. Once the emergency services were called (by one of us stuck in the elevator, not even the manager!!!) the “manager” of the hotel did not talk to authorities rather she just guided them to the next door abandoned building instead of guiding them to the broken down elevator and the guests that suffered from the incident! The least she can do is make sure everyone was okay.

The only reason we spoke to the “manager” is because we went down to the lobby area. Once we spoke to her to explain the problem and look for a solution, she kept deflecting and saying “well if you want to leave and stay somewhere else you can”.

We understand stuff happens sometimes but that is no way to treat your customers / guests. She offered to discount our stay for the inconvenience… she only took $30 off… we were stuck in the elevator suffering from panic attacks and with no way out, maybe even have the elevator drop down and kill us… and we get $30 off!☺️

This has been one of the worst customer service experiences and by far one of the worst human experiences we have experienced. The only person who was genuinely concerned about our safety was the gentleman with long hair who assisted us in getting checked in / out.

I would not recommend this particular hotel to anyone! There are other SAFER options with much better customer service and better HUMAN interactions elsewhere.

Hotel was in a great location close to everything only down side was the freeway being so close it did get a lil loud but the staff was great and had a good selection for breakfast.

Excellent experience!
We enjoyed our stay here. Requested an upgrade and they did it. The room was so roomy. Two televisions in our room. The breakfast is wonderful. They have good spread including fresh pancakes .

I had a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn and Suites in Colorado Springs. Here are a few things that I particularly enjoyed about my stay:

Clean and Fresh-Smelling Rooms

One of the things that stood out to me about the Holiday Inn and Suites was how clean and fresh-smelling the rooms were. Compared to other hotel chains, which allow pets and can sometimes have a musty smell as a result, the Holiday Inn and Suites was a breath of fresh air. The rooms were impeccably clean and had a pleasant, hotel-fresh scent that made it feel like a truly relaxing and enjoyable place to stay.

Friendly Front Desk Staff

The lady working the front desk was another highlight of my stay. She greeted me and my two daughters every time we walked in the front doors, from check-in to check-out. Her friendly and welcoming demeanor made us feel right at home and added to the overall positive atmosphere of the hotel.

Thorough Housekeeping

The housekeeping staff at the Holiday Inn and Suites were also top-notch. They did a thorough job of cleaning our room each day, making sure that every detail was taken care of and that we had everything we needed for a comfortable stay.

Delicious Breakfast

The breakfast at the Holiday Inn and Suites was another highlight. They offered a wide variety of options, including eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and more. Everything was cooked nicely and tasted delicious, making it the perfect way to start each day of our stay.

Pool and Hot Tub

Finally, I have to mention the pool and hot tub. We swam in them every single day and loved every minute of it. The pool was the perfect size for swimming laps or just splashing around, and the hot tub was the perfect way to relax and unwind after a long day of sightseeing.

Overall, I would highly recommend the Holiday Inn and Suites in Colorado Springs to anyone looking for a clean, comfortable, and enjoyable place to stay. From the friendly staff to the delicious breakfast and the wonderful pool and hot tub, there was so much to love about this hotel.

Excellent experience...................................................................................................................................
................................................................

This hotel is new and beautiful!

The manager and all of his staff were kind, considerate, efficient, concerned about my comfort, helpful with any need that I presented. This is a great hotel with superior staff.

The room was very clean and spacious! It was a great location for what we had planned. The staff was very friendly. It was an overall great experience.

Had a double and lots of extra room for storing sporting equipment..   very clean, comfortable and updated

This was an outstanding stay for .myself and my family. We enjoyed the breakfast in the morning and the pool in the evening. I utilized the gym and all equipment was nice and clean. Will stay again our next visit to the Springs!

THIS PLACE IS A JOKE, DO NOT STAY HERE. THEY CHARGED MY CARD NOT ONCE NOT TWICE BUT THREE TIMES. CALLED DEONDRE AT THE FRONT DESK & HE WAS THE RUDEST MOST UNPROFESSIONAL PERSON I HAVE EVER MET. THOSE CHARGES ARE STAYING AND ALTHOUGH I SIGNED FOR ONE PRICE “THE CHARGES WILL REMAIN THERE AND THAT IS THAT. NOW HE IS REFUSING TO ANSWER THE FRONT DESK PHONE TO AVOID THE SITUATION WHICH IS BEYOND ME. THERE ARE NICER PLACES ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE INTERSTATE WITH WAY BETTER HOSPITALITY FOR THE SAME PRICE AS THIS DUMP. AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS.

easy check in and friendly staff. my room was clean and quiet. a great breakfast to start the next day

The hotel was perfect location to our project in the Springs.

The woman during the day shift on 3/9/24 (breakfast and reception), were extremely friendly and amazing!!! They were attentive and willing to jump up and help with whatever me and the kids needed. Great easy location for just passing through town! Clean rooms, beds were alright but everything else was great!!

Very large room. Very pleased

During our short stay we found a few places that had not been cleaned fully. When we went to sleep the beds were uncomfortable and the sound of traffic kept us awake most of the night.

If you are looking for a great option in the heart of Colorado Springs I would highy recommend this hotel. I stay at this lcoation twice a year for work and it has never dissapointed me!

Every staff member went out of their way to make our stay great.  The complimentary Lyft rides from and back to the hotel were a nice surprise.

Staff was friendly and very polite. answered any questions i had about places to eat or shop. Breakfast was hot and tasty. Wide variety of things to choose from for breakfast. Plenty of towels and coffee in the room.

Between the warm welcome and majestic views. This has been one of the best stays we have had as a family. We really liked the location and cleanliness of this facility.

Holiday inn never fails me and this one around it was no different. The staff was friendly. Rooms were clean and at perfect temp. Pool was open 24/7 which is something I haven’t experienced before definitely a plus. The breakfast was delicious as always. And it’s about a block or two away from the freeway.

This hotel is on the Interstate in central Colorado Springs. It is noisy due to highway and the neighborhood is questionable leading to all doors locked 24 hours per day and some litter (debris/trash) in parking lot. The room was clean, but worn with deep stains/scratches in the tub.

Nice clean hotel, freshly updated, close to the downtown with all its amenities. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable of the area. However it is right on the interstate. Our room was on the east side, and the traffic felt like it was in the room with us. Probably a great stay if your not on that side of the hotel.

Very clean rooms. I appreciated the feel of the security in this hotel. Clean, secure, and will stay again.

This hotel is located right outside downtown Colorado Springs and provides easy access to a lot of great restaurants. The beds were very comfortable, and the room was quaint and relaxing. Would stay again.

Everything was great, friendly staff and great breakfast. Close to downtown. Only con was that my coffee machine in my room looked scaly and dirty. No big issue because coffee and tea were always available downstairs.

Clean, big rooms, friendly staff 👌

This hotel had some of the friendliest staff and the room was very clean! The breakfast area was spacious and the view from our room was fantastic l!

Large rooms, comfortable beds. Room was well insulated from noise in the hallways.
Room was clean and adequately stocked with soap, shampoo etc etc.
The hotel staff was welcoming and helpful when we needed recommendations for nearby restaurants for dinner.

This hotel is so nice and clean. All the staff were so friendly, courteous and helpful with giving us directions to restaurants and the hospital. I highly recommend this place. Great place and staff!

Friendly and courteous staff. room was clean and easy to get to. location is easy to get to.

I really enjoyed our room. The pool and hot tub were very relaxing.

The check in process was super easy, and Devonte (I think that was his name) was so nice, professional, and knowledgable about IHG policies and procedures. I appreciated that my two rooms were close together. The rooms were super clean as well, and breakfast was great!

Everything was great! Will likely return when we visit CO. Staff was very helpful! We were allowed to play board games together as a family of 7 in the lobby. Pool and Jacuzzi felt great! Gym was nice and plentiful. Breakfast was a great plus to start the day off. Check-in/out was fast and easy.

All the staff were really friendly. As soon as I walked in I felt welcomed. The room was different than what I booked, but it still had a mountain view. The breakfast was standard and the pork sausages were the best part of it.The only negative I have about the hotel is that the surrounding area didn’t feel too safe. Inside the hotel was perfectly fine, but once you go outside there are many homeless people around the property. One even approached us as we were outside.

the room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. the staff were very helpful

Great location and very spacious rooms. The breakfast was great   with a lot of options. Would definitely stay here again!

Not a bad hotel, but bad neighborhood and no security, the front desk person was assaulted by a homeless person right in front of me while eating breakfast.

Very nice experience at this hotel. Staff were friendly and I would stay here in the future

My kids and I thought this hotel was wonderful! The staff were friendly and welcoming, the room was spacious and very comfortable. The pool was a nice size and well maintained. Breakfast was delicious and offered great options.  The hotel is convenient to the highway and downtown Colorado Springs as well as Manitou Springs. Even though the hotel is right off the highway, we didn’t hear a sound and our room was very quiet. We will definitely stay here again!

The location is probably only 4/5. But everything else was great.
Staff was very accommodating.
Room was clean and cozy.
Water Pressure was good.
Did not partake in breakfast this trip, but on previous stays it was above average for a hotel breakfast. With our extremely limited diet though options were sparse.

The rooms looked nice but were not clean. There was black hair all over the the bathroom, trash under the air conditioner unit and trash under the night stand. Location is bad as this is bad side of town. There is a huge pot hole going into the parking lot and front of the building. They messed up our reservation, making us think we didn't have a room when we got there. We were also told we could not have a room with a view as they were all taken. We got to see the boarded up building and nasty parking lot with dumpsters and vagrants. Overall not worth the hassle.
They put our reservation in incorrectly, had us checking in on the 24th when we reserved 25th through 29th. We told the manager taking our reservation that the 24th was wrong but he left it there. We called before to make sure it was 25th through 29th and were told it was. When we got there we were told we were supposed to be there on the 24th. The person working the desk assured us he took care of it. After checking out and returning home we noticed a $125 withdrawal on our account on top of the room fee. They charged us a no show full day for the 24th. Sad world we live in today, when they make money off of their mastakes. I tried to talk to someone there about the issue and he was rude and pretty much told me that he was on vacation around that time and it wasn't his problem.

Hotel location is by the free way and nothing within short walking distance.  Hotel facilities are good.  Decent gym and rooms are very clean and bed comfortable.  Staff very friendly and the hotel offer feee shuttle service anywhere in town.

The staff is exceptional kind, friendly and helpful
The common areas are always clean and also the rooms
They offer complimentary breakfast, the coffee and tea station it's always available
They offer complimentary shuttle 3 miles around for medical treatment

Good experience during my short stay. On the other side of the freeway (a few blocks) from downtown Colorado Springs. Clean rooms and typical Holiday Inn breakfast. I would stay here again.

It’s not that more and it’s beautiful!! We had room 402. Very spacious and comfortable. At first arrival I thought the beds were firm but we slept great, and the sleeper sofa was also good. 
Pool facilities were great and always had towels. 
Breakfast was good daily, a little changing so you don’t have to eat the same thing every day. Can’t believe how good the pancake machine works!
Will at the desk was super great! He helped us arrange check in and I saw him through our stay help guests with many things. I hope he is here on our next trip out!!!
Great location overall to get to pretty much anywhere in the area tourist wise!!!

The staff were incredible and made my stay incredibly easy, as someone who gets stressed traveling this is the best compliment I can give. Depending on what side of the hotel, the highway may be a bit loud for some trying to sleep at night but still an exception place to stay in Colorado Springs

Large spacious room, friendly and helpful staff. They even dropped us off and picked us up from the wedding venue up the hill. We had a great time staying here.

I hardly ever leave reviews in the places we stay at BUT, I had to write a review here. We got a double queen room and it was a bit small (we had ALOT of luggage ) we asked for an upgrade and they did not hesitate! We loved the room our kiddos where so happy with the room size and the view! All staff where so welcoming, went above and beyond! Even baked us cookies two nights in a row. Cleaning staff where so respectful, sweet and even brought back to our new room an item we forgot at the o first room we had. We where near by almost everything, Walmart, restaurants, attractions etc.. breakfast was yummy also. Thank you! We will definitely stay here again! Oooo almost forgot.. the pool and hot tub were amazing and clean.

location has easy access and easy parking. the staff are very helpful and friendly. rooms are clean and quiet with out noise from adjoining rooms.

I would highly recommend this hotel. Staff was great! Clean and spacious rooms. Perfect place to stay

Very clean and spacious. Friendly staff.

Very clean hotel, good price in comparison to others in the area, excellent breakfast, great view at breakfast as well.

Daughter and I stayed for two nights.  She gives the pool and hot tub 5 out of 5 stars.  The room was big—plenty of room for the two of us to spread out.  The bathroom vanity was large and the fridge counter had plenty of storage for snacks.  Only thing missing was a magnifying mirror.  I’m short and the adult height counter and hand towel bar mounted on the front of the vanity made it hard to see while appling makeup.  A little swing out magnifying mirror would have been helpful.  Regardless, it was a great stay and I look forward to returning!

Don’t have any comments to add. BASICALLY I LIKE IT

Hotel and amenities were great! Clean room, attentive staff and good breakfast options. Staying for work which meant early morning which is good as the room faced the interstate and traffic was very loud.

Check in and check out were flawless.  Breakfast was good

This hotel is the cleanest and nicest hotel I have stayed at. Everyone is so friendly. The breakfast I thought was very good and had a good variety, nothing fancy just good. Thank you for the excellent stay!

Overall a really great experience ; as someone without a car in the area though it was a little difficult to navigate downtown.

Great location for Garden of the God's, USAFA, Manitou Springs, and CO Springs. Desk staff is 6 stars, but the breakfast staff was seriously lacking.

Best Hotel I've ever stayed at.

Outstanding hotel would recommend this to anyone traveling through the area

This review is going down the toilet if you don’t stop asking so many questions 
I have filled in the blanks and you just keep asking for more information ️ 
I’m done

Will at the front desk is amazing! He made it easy to make a reservation, and made us feel welcome immediately when we walked in the door. He really did what he could to make sure our stay was comfortable and affordable and that we had everything we needed - including a friendly face every time we walked into the lobby!!

We arrived before check in time very tired due to an early morning flight, and they had a room ready for us, thankfully. View of the mountains out our window was awesome. Everything else was really nice, except I didn't like having CNN on the tv during breakfast with a controversial interview being aired. There was about to be some omelets thrown at the tv. Weather channel would have been much better. To the people knocking the broken juice machine in their reviews... lots of hotels are not serving OJ these days due to the cost. Also, I didn't know until now looking at Google maps, but there's a highly rated locally owned Mac 'n Cheese restaurant next door. If I'd known, we would have tried it!

The hotel manager and staff made this the best hotel experience of the trip.  Some rooms on the interstate may be a little noisy for some people.  The mountain view room was wonderful. the hotel is clean and the bed was confortable. Our particular room was quiet, well furnished and relaxing. The breakfast was about as expected, nothing special there.

We had a great stay while visiting garden of the gods and the cheyenne mountain zoo. The staff were extremely nice and accomodating. The beds were very comfortable and I loved the linens and bedding. The only complaint is that the pool was pretty deep for smaller kiddos to play in and quite small.

The hotel is really quite clean and nice, and the staff is very nice. One of the nicer Holiday Inn Expresses that I have stayed at. The location is a bit 'down' and it's sort of in an odd spot where there isn't much within close walking distance, which I normally would not expect from this type of hotel - I know they're often just near freeways - but this one for some reason I thought would be more close to the actual restaurants/shops in town. Nothing wrong with the actual hotel though.

Poorest Holiday Inn Express I've ever stayed at!!!! It was a ripoff for the price. The noise from the interstate made it hard to sleep.

I had the most amazing experience at this holiday inn. They treated me like royalty. The rooms are spacious and clean. They have fresh baked cookies in the lobby and crispy bacon for breakfast. My favorite thing about this was that  the pool was open 24/7! Shoutout to the front desk Natasha, Christian and will! Thank you for making me feel at home while on a business trip!

First, I want to say I thought this would be an excellent choice to use our free anniversary night based on the IHG website. When we arrived at the location, we were shocked at the number of vandalized buildings surrounding it. It gave you the feeling you were heading into the ghetto.

We were a bit concerned about parking our vehicle in the parking lot and asked the hotel staff if this was a safe place to park. She proceeded to tell us that the homeless do tend to come around between one and 3 AM, but in the six months she’s been there they haven’t had an incident. The hotel is located right near the homeless shelter, according to her. We didn’t feel safe walking to the “advertised walking distance to downtown” area.

Once we got to our room, it did appear clean, but the bathroom sink had hair in it., and the water wouldn’t drain. The bed was extremely uncomfortable, as you sat on it, you sunk to the bottom. It should have been replaced years ago. I went to make coffee in the morning, and they had a nice supply of K cups. Problem is, there was no K cup coffee maker to make them in. 

We went down for the morning breakfast at 6:30 AM and they don’t open until 7. They did have cereal and milk out for the early risers. The famous IHG cinnamon rolls were out for us and the other people waiting, but they tasted as if they’ve been there or reheated from the day before. We threw them out. When my husband went to get coffee, the coffee pot was empty. The juice machine had a sign on it, but it was out of order, and there were two pancakes sitting on a plate next to the pancake maker that wasn’t even working for the next 30 minutes. 

Our vehicles survived the night, unscathed. 

The location sucks. You couldn’t walk somewhere and feel safe at night if you wanted to. There were no surrounding amenities. 

Do I recommend this hotel? Absolutely not.

Clean, well-run hotel right off the freeway, and right downtown. Great stop

We were surprised at the quality based on neighboring properties.  Staff was very friendly and competent.  Very noticeable in this Post-covid world.  We will stay there again.

The desk staff was professional and welcoming.  The entire hotel was very clean and appeared new.  I would stay again.  The only issue I would have is noise from the highway, although we did not hear it from our room.  The building was right next to the busy traffic. 
Great stay overall.

Aside from exterior safety factors outside of the hotels control, the stay was wonderful! At times the highway traffic could be loud, but overall slept good. The staff was beyond friendly, helpful and kind!

Great location, wonderful staff, good breakfast. Would recommend!

Scrambled eggs were dry, but I appreciated the low-carb choice and the availability of ketchup for the eggs.  Props for that.  The room was clean and quiet.  The maid was competent and respectful.

For the cost... I would stay someplace else. Rooms were okay, but the dilapidated place next door was really eye sore with the homeless people hanging out, using the restroom in the parking lot and hollering in the middle of the night. The front desk clerk did not acknowledge my membership, and I had to ask for my points, which still are not reflecting on my account. Doors lock at 9 sharp. First IHG in a long time I did not feel safe at.

This company has always been clean and comfortable with excellent amenities and staff is friendly and helpful would recommend this hotel chain

always friendly and helpful staff, clean room and convenient location.

Front desk staffs were very friendly and helpful. Room cleanliness was very good. Broken chair was immediately replaced when feedback was given. Housekeeping was a bit slower and needed reminding several times but quality of it was satisfactory at the end. Breakfast service and food quality need improvement. On Day 1 the staffs were just chatting with lights still off until 6:40am making people wait before having breakfast. Food variety and quality (specifically omelette) wasn't good.

Staff was super friendly and the pool was always clean. The juice machine and pancake machine were both broke.

We were upgraded to a larger room due to our IHG status and the room was MASSIVE! Front desk receptionist was great and helpful, everything was clean, and breakfast was till 930. Would visit again next time I'm in the area!

everything was perfect I would not change anything. We loved the location the hotel the service the pool everything was great. Staff was helpful and friendly

Everything was good I really like the location I was happy

We had a great experience at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites during our 4 night stay. The location was great, super close to downtown Colorado Springs and was close to all of our activities we had planned during our stay. The rooms were very clean and spacious housekeeping also cleaned our room daily. The breakfast pancakes were AMAZING!! We had a rough start to our trip with flight delays and getting to the hotel later than anticipated but once we walked in the door, Natasha from the front desk was so welcoming and made us feel right at home. After a long trip, it was so nice to get that warm welcoming smile. We will definitely stay here again in the future.

The hotel is good if you are on a budget.   The rooms are a bit outdated but still comfortable.

Our room did not get cleaned until 6pm every night and only by request. Also had a watch and ear buds stolen by cleaning staff. No help from management or IHG. Very disappointed. I’ve been waiting a month with multiple calls in and still no response. I would not recommend staying at this location.

The stay here was excellent from beginning to end. I would stay here again! Great location, great staff, great breakfast! Don’t think twice about booking, you won’t be disappointed!

This hotel sits right on the highway in the middle of Colorado Springs.  I had a room facing the highway and cannot recommend that as it was very noisy but was able to block out with even noises air conditioning. I asked for a different room but could not be accommodated.   The room was large but fairly worn. The breakfast was okay.  Had healthier yogurt options which was appreciated.

Basic rooms. Convenient to downtown

It's been several years since I've stayed at this facility in Downtown Colorado Springs. I'm glad to say, conditions and service support has improved significantly from my previous experience. Understanding that the location of this facility is just off the Interstate in a large city environment, some things you pay closer attention to than others. With that said, I would provide a 7 out of 10 stars for my recent experience.

Found the hotel rooms to be clean and in good shape. The gentleman at the front desk, Christian, was great. He was friendly and accommodating. The entire staff was friendly, but Christian still rose above the rest in customer service.



The breakfast was the typical Holiday Inn breakfast, but they were out of some items especially yogurt.



Overall, a great hotel to stay at and very centrally located to everything we wanted to see.

Staff was great, it was more expensive than most Holiday in Expresses. Didn't seem very updated and there were some places in the bathroom that could have used some more attention with cleaning. Food was better than most.

Highly enjoyed our stay. Very well located with easy access to Highway. Staff is attentive and friendly and knowledgeable. Enjoyed the 24 hr pool greatly! Will be back!

Room was clean, breakfast was good. Coffee was hot. Bedding was fresh.

great staff always helpful and friendly. Room was clean. Hotel is centrally located and easy access to the area.

Couldn't get the room cleaned for 5 days and left still no cleaning!!!!!!

The location is excellent. The rooms are spacious and very clean. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. I had a very good night's sleep here which is not always the case for me. I do travel quite a bit and this is one of the better IHG properties I stay at.

We were warmly greeted after a long day of traveling.  The room was one of the cleanest we've ever stayed in!

What you see is what you get.  Its a truly 2 star hotel, close to 1.  I selected to get the room cleaned and have new towels everyday, well one day they didn't do the room, and front desk was like oh well maybe they forgot. Breakfast is fake and terrible only good thing is they have chobani yoghurts - sometimes, hust the first day, then they run out and the had not refill then when we left. Rooms are very old. Staff is fine, but nothing going the extra mile

Overall a great, clean place. Knowledgeable,  friendly staff on all shifts. This is not our first stay here nor will it be our last.

I had a great experience at this hotel. the staff was friendly. the hotel and room were clean. the view of Pikes Peak was amazing. I wish i would have had more time to use the pool and other amenities.

This is a Renewed hotel and guest room is very clean but it is close to highway, so the noise may disturb your sleeping

We stopped overnight in Colorado Springs on a two-week road trip through Grand Tetons and Yellowstone. This hotel is very centrally located, and even though it is near a freeway, it was extremely quiet. The Ivywild neighborhood is lovely as was the hotel property. Our next stay in Colorado Springs will absolutely include this hotel!

This was a very nice hotel. Great location in Central Colorado Springs. Beautiful facility and well maintained. Staff very accommodating. Desk clerks were welcoming and even baked cookies especially for us! We left behind an electric toothbrush. Went back the next day and the clerk cheerfully gave it back.

Management and staff were absolutely amazing while you were going up to Colorado Springs from Grand Junction to pick up a couple of puppies they upgraded us to a. King suite for $20 more to allow us to check in at 11 o'clock. Will definitely be staying again. Christian the manager absolutely amazing along with Lori who did everything she possibly could but I definitely especially want to thank the manager and Natasha for doing what. They did and allowing us to check in at 11 and her taking the time to explain the situation which is not my intention I was just telling the story but she. Took the initiative ro talk to Christian and we were able to check in .  Get in there so definitely if I could give more than A 10 i would.

The staff here are very friendly and helpful! My room and the main areas were clean and the breakfast was a nice way to start my day!

Stayed here after an Avs game and wanted a to get as far west as possible before heading to the mountains to ski the next morning.

Drove 9 hours to stay at this Hotel, while attending a concert there, and housekeeping stole from me. I left my smart watch sitting on the desk. Confirmed by 2 others that stayed with me. I checked out of hotel, and realized I forgot it. called to see if it was turned in shortly after I left, they tried to brush me off and say nobody found it, they refused to check with the housekeeper that cleaned the room. Refused to look into it. Called the next day and some really rude guy hung up on me when I asked if it was found. That is clear evidence they stole it. so my lovely trip ended up losing 350.00 that was stolen by some staff at the Hotel. DIdn't even act like they cared or would check on it. Will never stay there again, very dishonest people!!!! and theives!

When inquiring about local directions the desk staff person didn’t understand my question nor could help me.

Location was perfect. Close to mountains relatively quiet area. Issue with service. 1st day I was asked to leave room because I wanted it serviced (cleaned). 2nd day I was gone entire day came back 9p and the room was not serviced (cleaned). I felt it was too late to put a request for service when I returned.

Everything was great, fair price and clean comfy room

Customer service has continued to go down hill. Rooms are starting to show age, 1 out of 2 elevators were down our 5 day trip. Air/heat functions were intermittent and struggled to get it to start on. Couldn't get heat to work one night and front desk couldn't help.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We stayed at this hotel while attending a concert in Lakewood.  The area of this hotel is much quieter and feels safer than the hotels on Union Blvd.  The rooms, breakfast and pool were great.   Our biggest complaint is that this hotel consistently has elevator issues.  The last few times we have stayed here, only one elevator was working.  We were on the 4th floor this stay, so I get plenty of "stair" work on this visit.  However, one person in our party had a foot injury and had to wait on the elevator numerous times.

Great time good people will come again and stay at this great hotel

Positive: hotel employee was great Negative: ""

Party atmosphere. Cannabis store in same parking lot. Maybe that would be a draw for some. Homeless hangout. Just not a nice quiet / restful place to stay. Was in town for a funeral and family time. This place will never be on my agenda again……… “NOT” up to the IHG standards that I am used to. They should re-name it motel six……

Great location and very nice facility.  The breakfast was excellent.  Rooms very nice and very clean.  Very comfortable mattress and a good variety of pillows. We have never been disappointed with the Holiday Inns.

We have stayed at this hotel since 2024 at least 15 times a year.  It’s a nice Holiday in with breakfast, comfortable but the staff is not friendly.  Had some problems with the door lock and was told that it wasn’t his problem.  They are nice but not really customer service oriented.  I have never been acknowledged there as a Diamond elite member.  Every other IHG we have stayed in this year has been amazing and the customer service so good.  It’s too bad this Golden hotel doesn’t follow suit.  We continue to stay there because our son’s school is close.

One of my best stays in a hotel ever! Exceeded my expectations for the value. Comfort, cleanliness and functionality along with a great complimentary breakfast that had many options.

Very nice hotel. We stayed 4 nights to visit family in Golden. Close to restaurants, shops and things to see. Very quiet and clean. Pool/Hot Tub/Gym very nice. Buffet breakfast was busy but well stocked with good food and variety each day which was nice. Hotel staff very friendly, attentive and hospitable.

Front desk service was horrible. They lied to me saying they couldn't look up my member number. I have spoke with numerous other locations and they all tell me the same thing. Which is that they lied to me. Lost my trust when it comes to any kind of reputable business. Will never stay at this location again. My suggestion is to hire new front end staff. Ones that actually care about thier customers.

It is a holiday inn, so it was everything like expected.
Room was clean, my one was also very big, which was nice.
Bed was comfy and I sleeped well.
The hotel is well placed near the highway, so that it is easy to reach, if you like to stay for one night, like I did.
The only thing which was not so good for me, the breakfast area was to small for this amount of people which was there in the morning, for sure it is a timing issue, but I dont like to wait in the morning a longer time to get a bagel and a coffee.
But anyway, if I´m around in that area again, I would use the hotel again.

The ac and heater made loud noise all night and the beds were hard as a rock 
The TV also didn’t work

Быстро заселились выспались на удобных кроватях в большом номере хорошо позавтракали и в путь

If you're looking for a wonderful place to stay on the far west side of Denver as you wait to drive into the mountains, look no further. Night staff was friendly and efficient with check-in, very clean room and bathroom with comfortable beds. THE BREAKFAST WAS INCREDIBLE. I've never had such an extraordinary complimentary hotel breakfast in my life.  Biscuits, sausage gravy, bacon, scrambled eggs, pancakes, etc. I'll definitely stay here again.

Great choice on edge of Denver.  Good staff, beds, breakfast, and location.  Easy check in.  Parking was good. Clean rooms, bathroom very nice.

Good location & view! Right near highway and not far from downtown. Parking is shared so tight at times. Also round about coming in as some oddly placed curbs so be heads up.

Best place to stay the night before driving  into Denver

Positive: "" Negative: The panels on the bed were falling off

Place was nice towels needed fabric softener they were rough

It's noticeable how hard working, friendly and courteous everyone is. thank you!

This is a clean and nice hotel. The bathroom was very clean. The parking lot was easy to park at. I travel alot for work and stay in IHG hotels around the world. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling in the Denver area.

This was one of the best hotels I’ve stayed at in a while! Great location, price, room and breakfast! Couldn’t ask for more 🤘

Great, clean environment with the most respectful and friendly staff (from management to housekeeping). Bedrooms were well kept and clean, temperature controlled working great, and not fowl smell. General areas such as gym/pool areas were clean and ready to be used and decent sized for the area.

Positive: Location, clean Negative: Cold shower

I’m so happy I chose to add 3 more nights at this hotel. The location is easy from Denver airport and close enough to Boulder and Breckenridge to do all my son and I set out to do. The hot and variety of breakfast and attention of staff to wipe down tables was impressive. Great new variety each morning was nice to start the day with. Thank you so much

The room I stayed in was very clean. The bathroom was so clean, no leftover hairs anywhere, even in the corners or behind the door!!! 
The bed was made nicely, and again, no stray hairs. The sheets were very comfortable. The carpet was clean and did not feel gross to walk on. The desk, bedside tables, and coffee area were clean and felt sanitary. The room was quiet for the most part. I could hear someone talking at one point, but it did not last long. In the morning, the gentleman was very kind and shared his suggestions of breakfast items I could take with me, grab and go, as I was leaving before the actual breakfast was open. It was a wonderful stay, and I will definitely stop there again!

Toilets won’t flush and problems hooking booked online and they made me use personal debit instead of the corporate card that was used to book oline

Positive: Location quiet Negative: Front desk staff never seemed to be around always had to wait to check in

I booked this place for 5 days as Gold Status rewards member But thru a 3rd party. My Flight got cancelled for weather/maintenance issues so I was unable to make the first night. It was late and I forgot to cancel. So, I came the next day as I still had to work the rest of the week. I travel 52 weeks a year and had been staying exclusively at Holiday Inns. They told me they canceled my reservation as no show, which is true and was my fault. I figured they would charge me for one night and refund the rest so I booked another 9 nights with them as weather was bad and I wasn't going home.  Then I found  out that they would NOT REFUND ME for 4 days? Essentially just taking 380ish$ while renting me the same room again for another 380$ish!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am sitting her now looking for my next chain of Hotels to stay at? You can be gold, platinum, or whatever but the first chance they get to steal some money from you they take it. There are NO REWARDS. There is NO LOYALTY. You DONT EVEN GET ANYTHING WHEN YOU PAY THEM. NEVER PAY UPFRONT. Sad too.... 52 weeks x 600$ is around 25,000-30,000 yearly. This is an example of greed will kill your business. A good example of what not to do.

We stayed at this holiday inn after visiting Colorado School of Mines.  Easy access to the high way and near Mall. Staff super friendly and the hotel is super clean. Free parking is a plus. Overall highly recommend it.

The guy that does the night front desk is super rude

Clean quiet hotel

Lady was a super disgusting lady she got upset because I didn't have my IGH rewards number and I've never had to have it before because they always look it up at any other motel I've ever stayed at with IGH with my email but she got such an ugly attitude with me over it that I finally told her off.. she definitely was not happy with her life or her job maybe having to work on the holiday or being the holidays or something but it's still no excuse to be such an ugly nasty person to somebody who's going to spend $170 to stay at your motel she was a very nasty person all around and guarantee her mama's not proud of her with such an ugly mouth at heart because she definitely was cold-hearted

Good stay, nice hotel. Good location and easy to access.  Room was clean and upkept.

We arrive late and so check in went smooth everything was great the only thing is the the TVs and the channel guide and stuff it's not a very big selection and then upon check out when I pants and thought I lost my purse the clerk was rude as I explained before

We were followed around and called names because we asked one of the staff members if they could move their car forward so I could complete my turn with my big truck. I didn’t wanna hit them and this person called me names and cussed us and continued to follow us around I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  Several other reviews on Google showed that the staff was rude to those customers as well.

Great hotel, good breakfast, friendly stafd, our overall stay was very nice

Not even provided basic ameneties like laundry even after providing confirmation about it. And rating says 8+ but not in real

Hotel was nice, lady working at night was very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was very good. Only complaint is very loud-A people  on 3rd floor stomping around. Learn some respect for others in public.

Had a great experience staying at IHG. Check in and check out process was a breeze. Staff were friendly. Included breakfast was very convenient. Overall I would recommend this hotel

I really enjoyed my stay clean, peaceful and good food

They ruined their EV chargers. Previously free for guests, now they're slower and more expensive than a fast charger. That was the only reason I stayed here. Didn't find out until I booked a non-refundable rate. Will never be back.

If you don't want non-guests to use them, use a key card system to activate instead of ruining the amenity.

Very disappointing experience.|We were scheduled to check in at 3:00 PM and arrived to find the hotel closed, with poorly handwritten signs taped to the door stating there was no electricity. There was no prior notice, no email, no phone call—nothing.|We had an event scheduled 10 minutes from this hotel, and instead of resting, we had to spend over an hour scrambling to find alternative accommodations. We were traveling with a 5-year-old and a 2-year-old who were exhausted and cold, which made this situation even more stressful.|I understand that power outages are sometimes unavoidable. What is unacceptable is the complete lack of communication. A simple courtesy call or message would have allowed us to plan ahead and avoid this inconvenience. To make matters worse, my reservation was still active and my IHG points were deducted, even though the hotel was clearly closed. When I contacted IHG, I was told the property is privately owned and that follow-up should have come from the hotel itself. It took significant effort just to reach someone at the front desk. I stay exclusively at IHG hotels and have never left a negative review before, but this experience especially in cold weather was extremely frustrating and handled very poorly. I expect my points to be refunded promptly and hope this situation is taken seriously so it does not happen to other guests.

My most recent stay here I experienced some of the worst customer service from the nighttime front desk staff. I checked in with my wife with me. We used her Credit Card to book the room. We both showed ID to the woman checking us in. She was pleasant and professional except she somehow did not include my wife's name under the booking. We frequently travel, this year we stayed 68 nights at various IHG hotels around the country. Since she was present during check in and showed her ID and paid with her card (her name on it), her name should be included automatically. It was not. 

We booked this room near a Halloween party we were attending. We checked in and and costumed up and left for the party. When we returned to the hotel several hours later, went to the room and had a minor disagreement about something that had happened earlier. Not a big deal. Without any arguing or disturbance, I made the dissection to give her some space so I went home. A little after I left she went downstairs and sat on the curb out front talking on her phone. After her conversation with her friend was over she went up to go to bed for the night. She realized that she forgot her key in room and requested a new key from the extremely unhelpful and rude night time agent. The bitter old woman refused to give her a new key because her ID was in her purse, inside the room. The woman reused to believe her and treated her as if she was a homeless trespasser because her name wasn't listed. She refrained from all reason after that and disregarded anything my said from that point forward. My wife called the police to help with reasoning with the stubbornly disgruntled front desk agent. The miserable old woman stood her ground and doubled down by having the police trespass my wife. She was forced to go across the street to the Hampton Inn. All of her things were in the room, including her ID and cards that she needed to get a room at the Hampton. My wife ended up paying over $200 for an Uber home. 

This is the worst experience I've ever had with IHG and sadly has changed the way feel about using IHG in the future. I reached out to IHG with confidence that this could be easily resolved. After I spoke with IHG they told me that someone would reach out to me in a few days after an investigation was conducted. I has been roughly 60 days since,  I have not heard anything from IHG. We decided to file a chargeback with our bank as the good and services for this booking were not fulfilled, as she was denied access to the room she booked, paid for and personally check into. The IHG fought the dispute and essentially scammed my wife out of room, kicked her to the streets in the early morning hours, deprived her of her belonging, caused her unnecessary financial strain, and ignore any attempt we have made to find resolution.  

I am actually flabbergasted that the IHG would choose to loose my loyalty over a simple mistake that the front desk agents made. I only have two more night until I reach Diamond Elite and held IHG to very high regard until now. It only took one bad front desk agent to counterfeit my entire experience.

This hotel was really nice.  It is clean, in a good area, convenient to so many things.  Our room and bathroom were very large and clean.  We would definitely stay again.

In the spirit of constructive criticism, this is a great hotel with room for improvement. 
The bathrooms could have been cleaner. The edges and grout were dingy. 
They only have 2 pillows on each bed, and could not supply more for our stay. 
We paid extra for the bigger room with pull out couch, but the pull out bed was damaged and could not be used. 

Our kids loved the pool and hot tub. We enjoyed the hot breakfast with lots of protein options. The staff were all friendly. Lots of parking. Close to lots of amenities. 
Would stay here again, despite shortfalls the price is hard to beat.

Don’t not go to the Holiday Inn in Golden then I got treated very poorly by the staff they were rude that disrespectful and gave me negative looks.

Clerk at the front desk not friendly but everyone and everything else was great …………………………………………………………………………….!??(;(;;;?))(????(((()(

Very nice clean hotel.

This location was great all the way around. From the cleanliness of the room and hotel itself to the staff and management that were on duty to all the amenities at breakfast.

Great hotel!  Will definitely stay here again. Clean. Quiet. Safe area. Great breakfast. Wonderful.

Checked pet friendly looked in policy oline nothing about no pets next morning lady standing in lobby area with breakfast area full off people she asks room # about 6 feet away (now all these people know my room #) she says mam pets not allowed asked even service animals she stated no pet policy get rid of dogs or check out I said I’ll bring them to my grandson or check out she never answered my question. I went back downstairs told her I would go ahead and check out I told her I didn’t appreciate how she handled it in front of a full lobby she said there was no one in there and I corrected her it was crowded and I asked about service animals that she never answered lied a second time and said I never said a word I told her I would file complaint her name is Niki I got my sick husband I. The car I noticed my paperwork for checkout sitting on counter for all to see my private information when I came back in to check out she was very rude I explained I did pet friendly n looked and saw nothing I wanted her to know it wasn’t intentional we actually looked she answered very unprofessional I’m trying to sign she going off on me I told her have a great day and as I am walking out the door she was still yelling at me
Very disappointed as we have stayed at IHG many times

Room was fine, bed comfortable, bathroom could have used a better cleaning. No water cups. Disappointed that the hotel cannot accommodate a place for medical ice packs since their rooms do not include a fridge with freezer combo. Most hotels will take the ice packs and put them in a freezer. But according to this hotel the best they could offer was putting my ice packs in an ice bucket. Unfortunately, this did not freeze my ice packs.

From the moment me and my fiancee stepped in this hotel I felt we was right away targeted outta there! When I called before making a trip up there! I made sure to ask all the questions I needed to know before arriving and was disappointed 😞 on the outcome upon our arrival couldn't pay with my PayPal card but it's a debit card!! I've done it before we had to load another card and still got turned down when we waited outside to figure out what we we're gonna do and just because I was upset 😡 cussing or not while im on the PHONE! I wasn't attacking the staff or other customers and we were told to leave the property!! I have never felt so mad or disappointed how we was treated i apologized for my mouth but what happened to freedom of speech 💬 whatever comes out of my mouth is my choice not nobody 😒 else's I wasn't doing it to the staff there! And I'm a employee for holiday inn i was just traveling and used my discount to stay at that location I will never ever again come back and try staying at this location again felt like I was mistreated from the very beginning!

Avery at the front desk was exceptional and the whole staff was a pleasure. Clean facility and easy location.

Easy and convenient location.  Would recommend this hotel.

Everything went well to start our stay. The staff was nice and the room was clean.  At a out 1am the fire alarm went off and we had to evacuate into the 20 degree weather outside for a half hour.  When we asked what happened, the desk clerk blamed it on a filter or something.  This assumes the hotel had control over the failure, and if true, they need to do much better than this to earn my business back.

This is ok 3rd Party Hotel, would not recommend, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

The front desk experience was quick, easy, and friendly.  Our room was large and exceptionally clean (especially the bathroom).  The air conditioner worked well and several channels were available on the TV.  The TV wasn't huge but large enough to be easily seen from across the room.  Breakfast had 2 choices of sausage, 2 choices of eggs, and several other options available.  The hotel is located near several eateries/restaurants.  They did NOT charge for parking whereas the hotel next to it did.

We’ve stayed here before. The facilities are well maintained and the staff is always friendly. Safe and comfortable area. Great if visiting Golden or Lakewood. Nice workout room and indoor pool. Nice sitting area in lobby to sit and visit.

We were traveling home to Georgia from Montana with two small children.  Our stay was just overnight and the hot showers and comfortable beds were fabulous!

Totally enjoyed our stay in a clean, comfortable and spacious room.  Guest Servivces were friendly, warm and professional.  Breakfast included a satisfying array of variety.  

Wish we could achieve this kind of quality stays at all of our standard tr
Hotels.  A Chang in chains may be forthcoming.

Very nice and clean!

I loved the hotel omelets and the coffee was freshly ground. Great start for a busy day of sight seeing.  The beds were so comfortable and even the baseboards were clean! A true test on cleanliness!

Close to Red Rocks for our concert and only 90min drive to Estes Park. Staff was friendly and rooms were clean. Loved the shampoo, conditioner, and body wash in the shower. Made it easy to use when I ran out of my own.

The hotel is okay but I wouldn't stay here again. In a strip mall in the middle of nowhere so nothing was walkable. I was late for breakfast so just grabbed an orange wrapped in cellophane. When I unwrapped it tho, it was weeks old with shriveled skin. This property is often used for concerts at Red Rocks yet not only do they not have beer/wine openers in the rooms, the front desk only offers wine openers so we needed to buy a bottle opener.

Positive: Seemed new. The staff was top notch. The breakfast was really good. Negative: The dispensary across the parking lot had me a little concerned about my vehicle. But I didn't experience any issues.

Positive: Very clean and friendly. Negative: ""

The people along with a room so clean and comfortable, made my unexpected stay so wonderful. Turned away by the neighboring hotel, they were able to accommodate 2 nights that I needed to adjust for elevation. Great breakfast options!

Leisurely stay!

Desk staff was helpful on getting us checked in early so we could begin our mini vacation. Everyone we interacted with was friendly! Interacted with breakfast staff & maintenance in passing

I enjoyed my stay very much. The location was ideal for the event I attended with my family. The shopping mall was near. There was several resturants to choose aswell. There was even a hair salon within walking distance which I utilized without much hassle. Definitely will stay here again.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Was here with a group of friends traveling. The hotel was clean and friendly. The beds and pillows were amazing after a long day of walking.

Very convenient location easy access to Red Rocks and Golden as well as other locations surrounding Denver!

We loved everything about this Holiday Inn (except the parking fine for parking in the Hampton Inn lot next door - be careful!). The rooms were nice and clean, the receptionist was nice and informative. And the best part? The breakfast buffet the next morning. The area was so inviting and comfortable. The food was hot and actually good. Our favorite part was the coffee machine that ground the beans for each cup of coffee. Conveniently located to Red Rocks, too. I give it the highest marks for a chain hotel.

Nikki and her staff were amazing. Always attentive to our needs and the accommodations were wonderful. Hotel was clean and housekeeping was great. Breakfast was delicious every day. Highly recommend this hotel and best part is the fantastic location. TY all !!!

Positive: Off the main road enough that there isn't road noise Negative: ""

Great stay. Good location. Safe area. Well lit. Would recommend. Friendly staff. Room was clean. Breakfast was typical average

Wonderful place to say everybody was great. It was very clean. Food was excellent. They were very knowledgeable. You felt very safe and relaxed there. Also great location centralized to go whatever direction you would like to see whether it’s going to Estes Park or if you were going to go to red rocks or if you’re going to go to Colorado Springs.

Love the modern clean rooms and friendly staff. Did not like that the only curtains that close were sheer which meant the room was bright all night  plus who wants to walk around in your room with parking lot out your qindow and see thru curtains.  Very good breakfast, omelets and hot pastry.

The hotel staff are rude the overnight staff was the absolute worse

We broke down on the highway and couldn't find a nearby campground for the night. Host was kind and helpful in setting us up with a room and suggestions for parking with our camper. We usually stay at Holiday Inns when not camping but not all of them are nice. This one was.

Nice clean hotel and well located.
The minus one star is the price, since it was more expensive than I anticipated, as well as the power outage, but I don’t hold the blame for the hotel on either situation.

When we first arrived it was late at night and we’d had a long day traveling. We’d gotten food in the way to the hotel as we’d pre-booked and assumed we’d experience a quick and easy check in. My partner went to the room while I signed one last form and he called me from the hallway of the room to let me know there was a “not ready yet” hang tag on the door and the door was safety latched so he couldn’t open it. When I walked up I tried to open the door and we heard someone move in the room - they gave us a room that had someone in it! Thank God I was with him and not traveling by myself and thank God the person had their door latched! We had to go back downstairs and wait another 15-20 minutes before we could finally get into a room that wasn’t even the kind we’d booked. The maintenance staff they sent to look at the TV couldn’t speak English and we can’t speak Spanish so the language barrier of conveying what needed to be fixed with the TV was difficult. The room we were put into had a few minor things wrong with it but was overall clean and comfortable. Breakfast was always very good and the pool/hot tub were decent. The manager ultimately told us all she could do for the room was apologize because we booked through a third party and she “doesn’t trust hotels.com to refund a discount, [she] had to refund one other customer and they never got their money” so she just wasn’t going to do it. Overall one of the worst, and most potentially dangerous, hotel experiences I’ve had yet but the cleanliness and breakfast made it tolerable.

Nice hotel.  The staff were friendly and professional.   The room was very clean.  The breakfast was good, with outstanding staff.  Parking was good.

Pretty sure the floor was softer than the bed.  It was very loud most nights. Breakfast was great though.

Positive: Free breakfast was really good Negative: ""

I stayed at this location for a business trip. I found the hotel very clean and quiet. The bed was a little too firm, but still acceptable. I recommend this for a stay in Golden, CO.

Beds great, location was great and convenient to shopping and restaurants; no charging ports in room, snacks expensive so bring your own

the staff was super friendly and helpful the place was clean and tidy

Excellent location great service. Provide a great overnight stay on our trip to Golden Colorado.

A very well-kept hotel room and convenient location.

Great hotel.

Front staff friendly, 1 of 2 elevators broken out entire 5 day stay, breakfast was not great, served same sausage and omelettes 3 of 4 breakfasts, bacon and biscuits only once, muffins and bread looked unappealing, only 2 types of tea bags, no toppings for pancakes other than syrup and butter.  Tiles in our shower had been painted over something black underneath but done very sloppily, bathroom cabinet and mirror very worn and not clean looking, headboard missing decorative trim exposing particle board from underneath. Beds were comfortable, carpet looked new.  Location great for Red Rocks concert, close to Golden, not much else around it but we knew that.  Great Mexican restaurant nearby.  For an average price of $285 overpriced for basic amenities and lacklustre breakfasts.

Positive: Location and breakfast Negative: Parking seemed limited-  Rey full

Title of my review should be enough. The staff is disinterested and should not be in the service business. Elevator has been unavailable for a year. Ing should look into this owner

Positive: Very clean, comfortable stay with excellent breakfast included. Negative: ""

Clean room. Comfortable beds. Nice view. Breakfast was good.

Location was fine. Rooms were spotless. Amazing cinnamon rolls with breakfast.

Woke 3am to a shadowy figure sitting on the end of my bed.  Turned lights and nothing was there.   Strange...room 411

Positive: Hot tub with jets working. Indoor pool. Negative: N/A

Everyone was super friendly and helpful. Rooms and overall hotel were exceptionally clean and inviting.  Great place to stay.

Nice lil gem of a place with the biggest rooms yet!

Great location great views very clean and comfortable staff was friendly and breakfast was good. A lot of parks and attractions are within driving distance. Within 40 minutes from Denver International Airport

Wonderful facility!  Really enjoyed the room, bed, breakfast, pool, and hot tub on a quick one night stay.

Don't do it!!!!. They suck, they will not correct anything that is wrong.

The most incompetent staff....call me 3 times after 12am because their system could not load my $20 incidental woke up my kids too. I had to open my bank app to show them the charges.

Very comfortable hotel. Delicious breakfast. Great services.

Didn't sleep because of noise.  People drinking and yelling all night and management not doing anything about it. We maybe slept 2 or 3 hours because of the noisr

From the moment we were greeted at the desk the staff was very friendly. They handled everything so well.
The property has beautiful views and is very quiet at night.

Our booking of a room with two beds was not honored and we received a single King room instead, for 3 adults. It was late in the evening so we were willing to accept a cot for one person to sleep on, but the front desk staff informed us that not only were they sold out of double rooms, but they also did not have ANY cots. They handed us a pile of sheets and suggested that one of us SLEEP ON THE FLOOR. This was unacceptable to be paying customers and be asked to sleep on the dirty, hard floor!!
Instead, we walked across the parking lot to the Hampton Inn and were immediately treated better. They were horrified that we were told to sleep on the floor and instead they quickly booked us a double bed room. The Holiday Express then refused to refund our booking despite that fact that we were not going to use the room (again, a single bed for 3 adults) and they could not afford us the decency of a cot to sleep on.

Room was clean, hotel was clean, check in was fine. Room air seemed to not be able to keep up. Parking is slightly confusing as far as where you can park with the surrounding businesses. Location is decent for running into Golden. Toilet was in need of repair.  Morning breakfast, everything was cold, it was as if the warmers were not turned on. This was the worst breakfast at a holiday inn I have ever been a part of.

Clean, convenient, close to everything in Golden.  Staff was friendly.  Exceptionally clean and new.

We loved our stay at this Holiday Inn Express.  We can rely on the service and quality being consistent with every Holiday Inn we stay at.  Especially loved the breakfast.  The location is a quick and easy drive downtown Golden, so it is in a great spot to get to everything.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

This hotel was great! Staff were kind and helpful. The room was the perfect size for my family of 5. The pool was fun for my 12, 7 and 5 year old children. The hotel was clean every where, not just our room which was extremely clean and comfortable. The breakfast in the morning had a great variety of offerings, even my picky eater found things to eat! I would definitely stay at this hotel again.

Really convenient (like 8 min) to Red Rocks amphitheater. Room was nice, comfortable, and well-maintained. Customer service was friendly and helpful. Lots of options at the hotel breakfast.

A friend booked our room for our trip to see James Taylor at Red Rocks and that hotel was a disaster. We spent one night there, then booked rest of our trip at holiday inn . Victoria listened to put situation and went out of her way to get us an early check in so we could shower and get settled in time to meet friends. We had a great stay ( perfect location for Red Rocks - straight down one street!) and we are so grateful to her for her help.

We decided to stay here after a Red Rocks show instead of driving home to Lyons and will definitely be staying here again! The bed was super comfortable (I wish I could take it home e with me!) and the breakfast was delicious. It’s very close to the venue so super convenient.

Standard Holiday room, was clean, decent breakfast. I would recommend this hotel to family.

This may have been a nice hotel a few years ago, but it’s in bad need of either an extensive renovation or a bulldozer.

I was able to get the work done that I needed to peacefully and a great night's sleep thank you for your hospitality

After driving for 4 days my family was ready for some sleep. We arrived around 9pm and the front desk made the check in progress simple and fast. The room was clean and ready for us to sleep. We used the pool perfect temperature and the hot tabe felt fabulous after traveling for so long. The breakfast was hot and ready each morning we stayed. Family friendly would stay again!

I truly enjoyed my stay here during my first trip to Colorado. The hotel was conveniently located to the Denver and Morrison areas. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful as well. Wonderful room and very quiet.

Positive: breakfast Negative: ""

Very clean, quite. Helpful and friendly people at desk. Boys were impressed with pool size! Beds super comfortable...husband even said and he usually doesn't sleep well at hotels.

Thanks for a wonderful stay and for all the hospitality. Loved the proximity to Red Rocks Amphitheater. Will definitely be back for future shows. Mahalo nui! Ahoy!

Very clean, nice staff and they freshen your room if you're there more than 1  night. Great breakfast too.

Great breakfast

Great hotel and staff.

From the moment we arrived, Nikki made us feel right at home. She was efficient and helpful, she was friendly and courteous. Her staff in the kitchen and in housecleaning were also amazing. The hotel is clean and well kept. All around great experience!

Positive: Excellent location and great free breakfast selection. Negative: ""

It's a Holiday Inn Express.  The staff was great, the rooms were clean, and the beds slept well.  This is in a very good location, minutes away from Coors, Red Rock, and lots of restaraunts.

Every 3 months visit for business Golden colorado I always like to rent Holiday inn

I stay at this location often, whenever I'm in Golden. It is very accessible and appears to be well managed.  The housekeeping staff does a great job. The breakfast selections are adequate.

From the time we checked in until the time we checked out the staff was courteous and helpful.  We interacted with the front desk, cleaning, and food service staff and all were outstanding!  We appreciated the move from the room someone had smoked in to another room, the help from the front desk in fixing our cases of chips that had popped from the elevation change, the suggestions for dinner options, and the food workers being so nice and caring!  We will stay here again when we are in the area.

Great location. Close to food and shopping. Lots of parking as well.

Spent a night here when we went to Red Rocks Amphitheater. It was close to red rocks and the room and accommodations were clean and comfortable.  The front desk personnel were very friendly and helpful.  Let us check in a couple hours early which was a lifesaver as my wife was sick.  The price was very reasonable for the quality of the room and stay.  Would have zero hesitations about going back if I was in the area.

this is our second time staying here for a concert at Red Rocks.  they had a contact for a shuttle bus from the hotel to the concert venue for a fee and it was very convenient to get there and back.  breakfast was great staff is amazing

Positive: "" Negative: ""

My wife and I stayed here last night 4/20/25. Unfortunately this was an absolutely terrible place to stay!!! Customer service totally sucked especially the manager!!!!!! Didn't get the top floor room we requested, stayed on the second floor while the place is under construction!!! (Not on the website) Woke up to men putting glue on the floor outside our room so we couldn't leave our room!!! Phoned the front desk to find out what's going on but they had no answers, even asked for the manager but apparently he had more important things to do than helping a guest get out of the room!!! Finally after 1 1/2 hour we were able to leave and when I went to the front desk and asked the manager why he didn't take care of us ASAP, he simply looked at me and walked away!!! I really am wondering why this manager still has a job!!!???

Positive: Friendly staff, maintenance Negative: ""

The room was very clean and quiet.  The bed was comfortable & the bathroom was nice.  The hotel staff was friendly & very accommodating.  Nice free breakfast with a high tech pancake maker!  We only stayed 1 night so we didn’t use any of the extra hotel features (pool, etc).  Would definitely recommend it for your stay!  Parking was very accessible and many accommodations nearby.

Terrible customer service, had problems with check in, had problems with the customer cancellation, proceeded to get the refund and they then tried to sell me another trip after the fact.

Positive: Hot tub Negative: Needs to be pet friendly

Positive: Staff Negative: No

Heartbreaking experience!!! My grandson has slept with his Gigi blankie for 5,657 days...every day of his life. When we realized he left it on the hotel bed, we called immediately and spoke with Ivan who said it would be held for 60 days. I called Ivan 3 times, offered a $200 reward, and assured him I would be there the next morning. I drove 90 miles to the hotel and got the runaround from manager Eddie. I finally asked if it had been thrown away. They got the housekeeping staff member who cleaned our room and showed him this picture, and he said he threw it away...the same day. When I questioned why they would throw it away when we were told it would be held for 60 days. Eddie said, "He thought it was trash, and after looking at the picture (attached) and the way you made it, I would say it was trash, too." I asked if I could go through the trash in the dumpster and was told waste management had come earlier that morning. Right before I arrived. THEY THREW IT AWAY WITHIN A FEW HOURS. Eddie, the manager, offered no compassion...not even an apology. When I asked why they would tell us they would hold it for 60 days and then throw it away, he said, "I'm DONE talking." Through my tears, I asked if he could say something as simple as, "I'm sorry that happened." He said, "I said I'm DONE talking." I didn't raise my voice...I was talking through tears.

If you value your personal items, if you hope to be treated courteously, if you have an expectation that the managerial staff will tell the truth and treat you with respect, DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Eddie, the day manager was rude, unprofessional, and cold-hearted to a grandmother trying to find a treasured blankie.

My grandson has slept with his Gigi blankie for 5,657 days...every day of his life. When we realized he left it on the hotel bed, we called immediately and spoke with Ivan who said it would be held for 60 days. I called Ivan 3 times, offered a $200 reward, and assured him I would be there the next morning. I drove 90 miles to the hotel and got the runaround from manager Eddie. I finally asked if it had been thrown away. They got the housekeeping staff member who cleaned our room and showed him this picture, and he said he threw it away...the same day. When I questioned why they would throw it away when we were told it would be held for 60 days. Eddie said, "He thought it was trash, and after looking at the picture (attached) and the way you made it, I would say it was trash, too." I asked if I could go through the trash in the dumpster and was told waste management had come earlier that morning. Right before I arrived. THEY THREW IT AWAY WITHIN A FEW HOURS. Eddie, the manager, offered no compassion...not even an apology. When I asked why they would tell us they would hold it for 60 days and then throw it away, he said, "I'm DONE talking." Through my tears, I asked if he could say something as simple as, "I'm sorry that happened." He said, "I said I'm DONE talking." I didn't raise my voice...I was talking through tears.||If you value your personal items, if you hope to be treated courteously, if you have an expectation that the managerial staff will tell the truth and treat you with respect, DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Eddie, the day manager was rude, unprofessional, and cold-hearted to a grandmother trying to find a treasured blankie.

Close to mall and mountains. Rooms were great and the staff. The elevator made some weird sounds and shook. But that was the only negative thing. Will stay again.

I will start with the pros. I had a king room on the 4th floor and it's very spacious. The bathroom is large and the toiletries are awesome! They have Dove shampoo, conditioner, and body wash. They're very fragrant (for people that dont like that sort of thing; i loved it), also Dove hand soap and lotion. The coffee is good, it's green mountain... the location is good as well (I assume, I literally just went to my room. It was too foggy to see, for me anyway).

Cons. The guy that checked me in wasn't friendly at all and I had to ask multiple times what the total price would be, since he initially only gave me the base price without taxes or "incidentals". So I asked for the *total* price please.... so he gave me the price after tax but still not including incidentals. So, I had to ask yet again, what is the price INCLUDING the "incidentals". Mildly annoying, but not the end of the world. The little sundries shop they have is WILDLY over priced so please... bring your own snacks and drinks. I got 2 sprites and an ice cream sandwich for $14. I felt like I was at a concert lol.

The bed is extremely uncomfortable. I woke up multiple times with hip and back pain, barely slept at all and I still have 1,000 miles to go (not the hotels fault, per sè, im just mentioning... ). The walls are very thin. I could hear people next to me, and people walking up and down the halls all night... closing their doors etc..... its just not a quiet place i guess.

The bathroom (in my room) doesn't have a working vent so I had to leave the bathroom door open while showering... it was just me in here so not the end of the world, but still....

There seems to possibly be a bit of mildew starting in the shower, as well, which i included a picture of.

Overall I should have left when I was greeted by someone that clearly doesn't want to be here.

EDIT: the guy that checked me out in the morning is super awesome! Very friendly!

Positive: Great pool and hot tub, friendly staff. Spacious room, nice breakfast variety Negative: Some items needed repair, not a huge deal

Nice, clean and updated. We needed a place to stay on the way to Utah and it was easy to get off the interstate and stay here, good pizza place right next door too. Great fitness center, decent breakfast. Felt like this was in a safe location as well.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Everything was predictable, that's why I choose Holiday Inn Express.  if they had wireless checkin and room access it would be #1

Pool and hot tub were great. Room was clean and very spacious. breakfast REALLY sucked

The hotel is well maintained. I didn’t see anything that stood out as “dirty”. 
There are many choices for  breakfast both cold and hot. 
We were in a top floor corner room so no issues with noise.

Great place to stay clean rooms staff is kind and location is perfect 15 min from evergreen 5 minutes from red rocks and 15 minutes from Denver all easily driven little to no traffic

Everything was excellent from Rosie checking us in, housekeeping and breakfast staff everyone was super nice and helpful. The room and all areas were clean.

The hotel was quiet and comfortable.  Good checkin experience.  Breakfast was tasty and had good variety.  Location is easily accessible if you and convenient to Golden.  I would stay here again

This was a one night stay after flying in from Florida. We were headed to Copper Mountain the following day for a family vacation. The Registration staff was pleasant and recommended a local Italian restaurant that was within walking distance. Our room was perfect for our needs.

This hotel is excellent. Location perfect.  Staff were so kind respectful and responsive. The breakfast was wonderful and delicious .

The staff were very friendly and attentive. Breakfast was excellent. Would recommend this place to anyone. Conveniently located near several interstates so very easy to travel around golden and denver area.

The first room had several issues. The folding bed was broken, so we could not use it(it was why we upgraded to that room), glue/glitter on carpet, the main and bathroom doors take extra effort to close and latch, and something plastic is frozen inside the freezer.

Highly recommend Golden Colorado IHG. They were painting but very respectful and courteous.
The breakfast was awesome 
The customer service was awesome 
Pool & Hot Tub nice
Hot Water was great showed/bath
Housekeeping was top notch

I stayed in the Denver area for several days and stayed at a few hotels in the area.  This hotel was average.  Staff was nice enough, room was ok.  Had fun watching the people go in and out of the dispensary, really appreciated that they left out fruit and yogurt as well as juice and water...I wasn't feeling great and that really helped out.  The grandsons loved the pool and I loved the hot tub.

Very clean and well kept facility with friendly and helpful staff. We had a great experience staying with the IGH hotel in Golden, Colorado. I recommend this facility for anyone needing to stay in the area.

The room was comfortable 
Staff was friendly 
The noise level was high for the room the people above us were up past 12 making loud noises the people next to us were blasting the tv luckily the heater fan drowned out some noise. It had snowed the night before and the plow trucks started clearing the driveway about midnight and stayed on our side till about 3am clearing the hotel and adjacent parking. The breakfast was OK. The milk was bad my wife and two other patrons got sick on the curdled Milk.

Upon checking in, went to our room unpacked and realized the TV didn’t work. Tried many times to reach the front desk over eight we finally did reach the clerk. He said he’d be up in five minutes which turned into over 30 minutes more so 10 minutes before his shift was over. He did come up wasn’t his fault but tried to fix the TV. Said he was the only one there who was trying to check people and get people blankets and pillows and he apologized never did get the TV fixed. You did say other TVs were working in the building so we knew it wasn’t just weather related. I feel bad that he had to be there doing all of these things alone on a Friday night. I would like to see a little more staffing so your guest can feel important when they need to have service done in their rooms or questions answered very displeased with our stay experience.

After a long overseas flight I booked a room at this hotel - to my surprise Eduardo decided to give our room away - without checking or asking. However, Nicky, the professional she was, fixed the problem that Eduardo created.

If it wasn’t for Nicky I would have gave a 2 star for Eduardo’s incompetence - however Nicky saved the day.

Cudos to Nicky!  Management should be proud to have her.

We had a wonderful time at your hotel. We went for the jacuzzi that experience was wonderful hot and therapeutic. Room was very clean sheets were so soft.  Pillows to die for.  Just an amazing experience. Our new go to when we need some relaxation.

Buen servicio, limpieza 8/10

Front staff always available for any question and answered promptly.  Clean room and restroom!

It all started with Check In. Ivan was very professional and welcoming in all respects. He had a great smile and a great sense of style. 

The room was clean and comfortable although I had to make two trips to the front desk: one for more kcups(1 caffeinated in the morning for three would have been a problem) and then another trip to get bedding and blankets for the sleeper (king suite) and he delivered with a smile both times. 

The fourth floor was pretty quiet and restful. The breakfast was the usual good HIE experience and the day clerk was also cool and professional. Altogether another excellent stay for us at this property. Keep it up!

You're much better off staying at a 2 star hotel that has a 4.2 Google rating than the other way round 😃

My recent stay left a lot to be desired.  Nothing was awful, but in general, the staff just seemed lazy.  At breakfast, my wife and I had to fix the pancake machine 2x.  Every time we went to the pool/hot tub on 5 night/4 day stay, there were no towels, so we had to go to the front desk to get towels..  2 of the days we were visiting, the hot tube was out of order and the first day it was open it was overly chlorinated.  The people above us, for 4 days, had someone running around and jumping off the bed.  On day 3 we complained and the issue continued.  While this may not fully fall on the staff, after 3 days of complaints, at what point do they either get kicked out, or do we get a new room??    Our toilet and tub backed up, we were offered a plunger to do it ourselves.  Also, our TV never worked.  No cable, no ability to connect to another device.  There was never any room service and there seemed to be confusion amongst staff about whether it needed to be requested, so we had to go down almost nightly for fresh towels.  Often times, we were given 3, because they were "busy" which is true, but still, how do you not have enough towels for your guests?  I forgot to mention that my room keys deactivated twice during me stay.  Yes, I know, it was not in the pocket with my phone.

All in all, given the idea that I visited the area to see the sights, I really needed a bed, and this place delivered.  Even if the metallic base made a "bong" sound when I sat down. However, me having to plunge my own toilet and tub is just unacceptable when paying to stay at a hotel.

Beds were hard. Beautiful views. Needed to refill breakfast things ran out quickly. The room was spacious but we did find an unopened unused condom on the floor next to the night stand. Friendly staff. Kids enjoyed the pool.

Have been here before and absolutely loved it!

Had a great visit!

I’ve stayed at this property on multiple occasions. The staff is friendly and the rooms are clean but the mattresses are horrible but the breakfast is worse. I’ve had a lot of hotel breakfasts and I appreciate the price but this is by far the worst in all of my travels.

The absolute worst experience I have had with a hotel in my entire life. In fact this is on the level of a hostel or a motel at best. I made a reservation and attempted to stay here the night before my Grandmother’s funeral and it was horrible.

You walk in and the lobby smells like paint. No one wants to smell VOCs as their first impression.

Through the lobby you step into an elevator that can only be described as terrifying. There is graffiti scratched into the metal walls. The elevator starts and it drops a good 6 inches before it begins to go up clanking and creaking the whole way.

Once you get in the room the first thing you see is a giant fuse panel that would be in the garage of a residential home. Weird.

The tile in the bathroom and the entryway is just plain gross. The grout was black due to neglect.  The shower was even more gross with black mold and long black hair. Upon bringing this to the hotels attention via email I was told this was not true. Obviously I took the shower head and washed the hair down the drain. Evidence of the mold is in the photos attached to this review. The stone in the bathroom is cracked and the vanity is chipped up. The sink in the bathroom is also clogged and doesn’t drain.

Moving into the room, the mattress is rock hard and the pillows are thin as pancakes. Apparently this is the brand standard. If this is so, I would not stay at any Holiday property ever again, your back will thank you.

The walls are gross and covered in some mysterious substance. The furniture is torn up and looks like it came from a yard sale. There is blood or some other blood like substance on the lamp.

The HVAC system is incredibly loud and the TV is impossible to work.

I tried to speak to the person behind the front desk and was told I needed to wait for hours for a night audit to show up.

After bringing this to their attention and everything else mentioned in this review, I was told that they looked at the security cameras and I didn’t look like I was in distress. What should I have jumped up and down and screamed and made a scene? I’m sorry I tried to handle this Awful situation cordially and professionally. I was also told the other issues I had about the property were claim less and  baseless. What a joke.

The night before my beloved Grandmother’s funeral I slept in the car.

This place took a bad day and made it horrible.

No I do not recommend this place to stay at even on your worst day!

Don’t expect bringing issues to management will get you anywhere. You will receive a reply from management telling you that you are wrong and your claims are baseless.

Don’t expect bringing issues to corporate will get you anywhere either. You will just get pushed around from one agent in the Philippines to another. Although a cordial staff at the corporate level they have no ability to process a refund.

Great staff, very affordable and convenient to major interstates and airport. I would recommend this facility to everyone. The pool was relaxing and well prepared along with exercise room. Breakfast was very well managed and abundant.

ROSIE is an awesome employee. We had folks flying in from all over for a Surprise Birthday Party near the hotel who were elderly and had to check in much earlier than 3pm. Rosie made it all happen! The construction really bummed us out, along with weird strings we found in our room foyer that we had to pick up, but we only stayed for 24hrs so it was all good. The beds are comfy, the bathroom was clean, the room is older/dated, wi-fi was spotty, cable options are good but the room was huge. The hotel breakfast is actually really good...TRY THE ORANGE JUICE, good lord it's wonderful!

We had a really nice but short stay at this hotel.   The room was beautiful and comfortable.   We would recommend staying here.   People were also very nice.

Location fits our needs. Service good. Workers are very friendly.

Great location if visiting Golden and School of Mines. Plenty parking. Rooms are beginning to outdated, specially bathroom and it's shower area w tub. Attentive service, you can ask for housekeeping every morning.

Needs a serious cleaning and technology upgrade. Elevator and hall floors dirty. Elevator shook and made noise. Internet VERY SLOW. Only in-room entertainment was Direct TV. We kept having to restart the TV and box to connect it to the dish because of a snowstorm. People at front desk were nice, but had no idea what to do.

Tried the hot tub, but water was freezing.

I was impressed by all the staff within the hotel. Especially the housekeeping team. The services are excellent throughout my stay.

The customer service of the staff from the second I walked in was amazing.  The lady who checked us in was fantastic and throughout the stay she would see us and come talk to us because we came from Canada.   Room 207 is above the kitchen so if your a great sleeper or don't mind a early morning wake up call from the kitchen staff to no fault of their own making breakfast there was loud banging and noise starting around 5:30 or 6am.   But the breakfast was amazing so that kinda made up for it.  Great hotel and we are coming back in April as the concert at Red Rocks we came for this trip was rescheduled to April due to an impending winter storm coming in.   Front desk lady was amazing to give us so many recommendations of things to do with the concert being cancelled.  I can't wait to come back and stay I April just not in 207 lol.

Good location for our purpose, pleasant staff, check in was easy and quick. Had very nice breakfast options and all I had were very tasty - biscuits were exceptional. Room was very quiet and bed was comfortable.

Traveling through on our way to Arizona.  Booked it while driving.  Desk agent was very pleasant. Room was clean and bed very comfortable.

We stay at this hotel quite a bit when we are in Lakewood.  I like the location because it is away from the issues near Denver, Bel Mar and Union St.  This stay was a bit more problematic than normal.  Our room door broke (constant red light and keys wouldn't work).  There was no maintenance around so the front office tried to put us in a different room.  Since all of our things and medication were in our room, this wasn't a possibility.  They had to call the owner to see if he could come in and help out (this was at night).  However, one of the front office people wouldn't give up and we finally got in the room.  It wasn't fixed while we were there.  Another issue was the pool.  This hotel has a nice, big pool but the pool water was hot we couldn't swim in it.  We tested, and it was hotter than the jacuzzi.  With this type of review, I would normally give a one star or two star, but the front staff tried so hard to fix our room situation and were so nice, I had to bump it up to three stars.

The staff were from, but not overly helpful!  While taking a deposit for the room on arrival there was no checking to see if I wanted to use the same card to pay on departure.  I wanted to use my American Express card to pay and was not asked when I checked out.  I asked for it to be refunded so I could pay on my other card but the gentleman at the hotel told me that was not possible.  |Breakfast was said to be complementary only to find the pancake mechanism didn’t work, there was no coffee, and the scrambled eggs were powered eggs!  The sausage was cold and there were no cinnamon rolls.  The kitchen staff sat about and talked between themselves and didn’t help out when the hot water and coffee ran out!.  The whole experience was less than what I would expect from Holiday Inn!

Exzellenter Service, sehr saubere Zimmer und eine tolle Lage!!

Place is always great, we come to red rocks often and try and stay here. It's consistently fantastic. Still in 2024

Everybody were friendly and helpful in every way. Clean and peaceful. Good location. The breakfast could be better.

Update 2024.
Front desk lady Aly did our check in a cheerful and courteous manner . Alicia  and the other employees from cleaning room kept the room crispy clean .
Unfortunately needed to use the business center  and experienced the most noisy area for a webinar I was attending to. Business center is open area  between front desk and cafeteria. Need some structure  to reduce noise from the front desk and cleaning department at cafeteria area . Even using headset couldn’t reduce the noisy environment good enough to listen the webinar .

2023 Cleaning department gives  this hotel a 5 stars review. For 5 + days of our stay we  contacted about 4 different cleaning ladies that provided a superior service with with a very positive and client oriented attitude , I wonder how they hired all this great employees we interacted with .  We could see how the rooms are clean from carpet , furniture and beds . Great Breakfast options are really good , from cereals , hot oatmeal , tasteful egg options , bacon,  sausage … one improvement area is the need of  luggage carts; this is unreasonable for a hotel that size and with that many guest . At our arrival had to carry by hand our luggage that took more than 3 trips  when most guest check in. That’s a bad way to receive guest .

I have stayed here a few times and each time I appreciate the comfortable rooms and the quiet, safe location.  The breakfast is great. The staff always professional and friendly.  The pool and hot tub help me relax and I so appreciate that it is clean and well maintained.  I feel safe and welcome here.

We decided to treat ourselves this stay and booked a corner king suite. Unfortunately we would have been better off in one of the regular rooms. This room was so noisy that there was no way we could sleep in and relax a bit in the morning. The banging around immediately above us sounded like people were moving furniture and dropping it. Then housekeeping came by early when we clearly had the do not disturb sign on our door. We were very disappointed in this stay for the price we paid for the room.

The service we received from the front staff was amazing. She was so helpful and friendly.

The mattress in our room should have been replaced a few years ago. The breakfast area had every trash can overflowing and all the food was cold or nonexistent. They had no hot water or coffee. We decided to move on and cancel our third night at 1:00 pm and was told we would have to pay another night. They waived the charge after much discussion.

I would highly recommend this very pleasant hotel.  Service, comfort and breakfast were all very nice.  Good location, felt safe and staff was attentive to requests.

The breakfast was very disappointing. Even the raisin bran was so so. Terrible coffee. They need to use filtered water for the coffee because the tap water there is awful.

Hotel was in a convenient location to Red Rocks Amphitheater. Room was clean. Breakfast offered several choices.

Family trip, Memorial Day weekend to start the summer with a bang, we’re from New York City area, and this was the 22nd year of the Road Trip; we have stayed at Holiday Inn or Holiday Inn Express for 18 of those years, so we know what to expect and we were disappointed this year.  We had six rooms, and stayed from May 22 to May 26, and found the staff cool, the service was slow or non-existent, at one point several of us had to go to the front desk to get towels etc.  The rooms were not cleaned every day, yes, I know that staffing is tough, however not having your room cleaned every day and having to get your own items was a bit too far.  I still love Holiday Inn and will be using them in the future, but I’d skip this one in the future.

This hotel was perfect if you are seeing a Red Rocks concert. It’s very clean, staff is great and the location is awesome!

Great price per night, nice location to my school and shopping.

Hot tub was colder then the pool

What can I say... It's a Holiday Inn Express. You always know what you get here. Decent rooms and the price is right. This was really nice spot for after our Red Rocks show! Quick, easy comfortable and close!

I had previously stayed at this hotel with my family and thought we would book again because it was close to Red Rocks.  When we got back after the concert the front door was locked and we had to use our room key to get in but it would not work.  We finally were let in and then when we got up to your room our room key wouldn't work.  We can back down and there was no one at the desk and it took almost 10 minutes for someone to come out front.  This was resolved and the next morning we went to go swimming and unfortunately were barely able to.  The pool was hotter than the hot tub and not enjoyable at all.  Finally, we were set to check out at 11:00 but at 9am I was in the shower and my 8 year old son came into the bathroom and said someone kept banging on the door asking to be let in.  It was the people to clean the room.  He told them no thank you and then another person came back  10 minutes later for the same thing.  We really enjoyed staying here the first time almost a year ago but I don't think we will be going back now.

Staff was very friendly . At the Golden location I did. It feel like we were getting the IHG brand experience. The room felt slightly dirty (debris on floor) . The AC unit was very loud so it made it hard to sleep. The room just didn’t feel like the exceptional standard I’m used to with my regular bookings at IHG. I will say the staff was very friendly and helpful. Nice location.

Our room with two queen beds had tall ceilings which made the room feel spacious!

Everything was fine (room was clean and wifi worked well) except there was no milk in the morning. We told them on the first morning, but there was still no milk on the second or third morning. How hard would it have been to drive a block or two and pick up a gallon of milk for coffee & cereal?

Great customer service! Great location! Very clean!

My husband and I decided to stay here for convenience, as we were going to a concert at Red Rocks and it was nearby. I looked around the area for ratings of hotels, and at the time Holiday Inn Express had decent reviews when I booked it well ahead of time. Since my stay, however, I noticed they have quickly declined and I am not at all surprised.

I will say that check in was easy and the room was spacious. I had no particular qualms with the room's cleanliness or size. However, once I went to take a shower there was no hot water. I called down about this and was told by staff to "mess with the handle until the water is hot" this did not work and I ended up taking a cold shower that evening. The next morning, my husband had to work and the hot water still was not working. We tried to shrug this off, as things happen. This hotel also offers a continental breakfast which we were hoping would cap off our stay and make it a bit better. I grabbed a carton of milk from the fridge. Once I took a sip, it was chunky, acidic and rancid. I looked at the expiration, and it still had 2 days until it went bad. I got very sick from this. The attendant just took my carton and apologized when I went to let him know so no other patrons got sick, but did not pull the milk that was still out.

At check out, I let the front desk know about my issues. Though Rosie apologized, she was not able to comp me without a manager, but told me one would be in a half hour from that time and I would receive a call shortly. I waited 6 hours and called back, yet no manager was available. I called guest relations and they reached out, but informed me a manager was not available, but one would reach out to me in 2 days which was over the weekend. I waited until Monday with no call to reach out to the app I used to book. They also reached out to the property and found no manger available. I was told someone would reach out in 48 hours. I called the hotel itself back after another day of waiting and no manager was available. A whole week later I did get a call from the new manager explaining everything from being short staffed to a management switchover, which I initially appreciated. However, I was only given a comp of roughly 30%. This was not what was discussed, and she told me she could advocate for a full refund. I told her I would even settle for half. She said she would reach out to me by the end of the week about it, but I never heard from that property again. I did receive a very impersonal email after 2 weeks from corporate apologizing and hoping I would give them another chance. I ended up giving up on the money I threw away on my stay here, as it will be almost a month of dealing with this. I will absolutely NOT be returning here for any future plans and instead I will be staying at the Hampton Inn across the street. It seems many others with negative experiences at Holiday Inn Express Golden have gone over there with better results.

They did let us check in a bit early so we could rest after traveling but the cleaning staff was talking and yelling in the hallways.  We also went down for breakfast and they had no bacon, no milk, dry bagels.  Ps there is a dispensary within walking distance.  Just don't wake and bake if you want breakfast.

Breakfast offerings were great. Housekeeping was a bit lacking due to occupancy and short staffing ? Also there was no mention of golf course availability before, or during stay. Although it was listed as amenities on brochure in room.

Rooms were clean and comfortable. We weren’t greeted properly. Breakfast was a disaster. Coffee was out as was most of the food choices. Dining area as dirty and unkept.

The staff was great when we got to the hotel. Greeted us and provided an available room early.
The rooms were very clean and comfortable.

The room was nice and clean, and the staff pleasant.   However the breakfast was horribly overcooked and serving line not well thought out.  Would have a much better rating if breakfast was at par to what we expect at a Holday Inn Express.

The hotel was ok and now I am getting frustrated because they won't let me just fill out a simple survey with a constructive criticism. So, now I don't think I would suggest this hotel to anyone and I will finish this NOW.

This hotel was close to the Red Rock Ampathiter. The elevator shook when going up or down. The halls had a very strong smell of Marijuana the first day. Bed are very hard had to get air mattress at the stor

Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

Good value versus the rest of market. Liked location near Golden. Clean.

OK hotel.  Nice presentation, lobby is nice, gym functional, beds are comfy.  The breakfast was not good at all, no one is paying attention: biscuits are stale, sausage patty overcooked.  Doesn’t anyone care?  |Side door key reader broken.  Desk mgr. said it’s been broken for a while.  Why? ||Holiday Inn can do much better.

Very well run property and well trained staff .  Great breakfast and comfortable stay. A little pricey but was worth it for the quality.

jessie is awesome!! great energy, yall GOTTA keep him around.
great location here too, beautiful area, lots to do also:).

Very clean hotel, modern furnishings and a very courteous staff. We left early so I did not get to try the breakfast in the morning. I would definitely recommend this hotel.

My stay was terrible. We had no hot water the entire time and had to take cold showers before our evening engagement and in the morning before work. The milk provided at breakfast was rancid despite not being expired, and made me sick. When I went to tell the front desk at check out, no manager was there at 9 am and I was told the person I was speaking to couldn’t do comps, but  the manager would be there in a half an hour and reach out to me. After not hearing from anyone at 3 I reached back out and no manager was there. I now have a case open with guest relations.

Nice location, good breakfast and very hospitable staff.

Great location. Surprisingly quiet. Great staff. Very clean.

For the price, one would expect a comfortable bed. I request a partial refund but didn’t get a response 

We have stayed at this property before without issue- this visit was very disappointing

Location was close to Golden which was a fun planned weekend with family. Rating a 4 🌟 because the bed was too firm for by back. Price was reasonable and plenty of parking. Breakfast was good but would love to have had orange juice in the morning.  None was labeled or offered. Didn't try out the pool but maybe next time.

Room was clean and comfortable. Staff was very friendly and helpful.

Very Clean. Staff were responsive to needs. Was attending a concert at Red Rocks and found the location very easy to access the amphitheater. Breakfast was better than most continental breakfasts. I would recommend this for anyone seeing a concert or wanting to be in the area.

One of the beds was very hard and uncomfortable.  But otherwise, the stay was fine.

This was probably one of the nicest Holiday Inn Express hotels I have been in.  Great location, quiet and very clean. Places like Kohls, Duluth Trading nearby.  Minutes from downtown Golden as well as I-70.

Super location for red rocks-great staff very accommodating with early check in.
Helped us with timing and directions.

We stayed at this property for a visit to Red Rocks. The room was clean, the AC was nice and cold and the staff were friendly. Definitely recommend staying here if you have a show to see.

Terrible and very unprofessional service from Andrew Gustafson made up lies about me carrying a gun. Stereotyped me because of my race his own employees came out and said he was a racist and that they are badly mistreated by him. We called the police on him because he was refusing to refund my money. My kids were afraid and saying we should lay on the ground when the cops get here since he is lying and saying we have guns. No guns were found by the police. Corporate needs to do something about this person he said he doesn’t have a boss and he could do whatever he wants to people there.

Staying in the area for my daughters anniversary celebration event, I was able to get the rest I needed in a clean quiet environment.

Kind of expensive for a room and breakfast, and the warm breakfast was not available on the morning we left. Potentially, they had a staffing issue. There was also no one to be found at the front desk on the morning we left, and I never received a receipt.

The pool and hot tub are older but a nice amenity. The fitness room nice. 

The room was clean and comfortable, and the housekeeping staff was super.

Good location with easy commute to Denver or Boulder.

Did not have any problems, but staff was always available when we had questions.

My room was very clean and the bathroom was very clean as well. The check in process was quick and easy and the staff were friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again and I would recommend this hotel.

Great hotel in a convienent location.  Service is very good. Rooms are spacious and clean and the view from almost any side of the hotel are gorgeous.

Stayed at this particular hotel because we were seeing a concert at Red Rocks and this is the closest IHG property to the venue. We were a bit disappointed that the hotel was so worn out. The hallway and room carpet was stained, stretched, and wrinkled, and the furniture in the room was torn and tattered. While the bedding was nice and clean, the whole vibe seemed dirty and really took away from the experience. I imagine the next time we go to a show in the area, we will look a bit farther out to see if we can find a newer IHG hotel and if not, we will probably stay at another brand altogether. It is too bad that many Holiday Inn Express hotels seem to be aging out without much in the way of remodeling or renovation. I have been an IHG Priority Club member since 1990 and have consistently been at Platinum level staying an average of 50-60 nights per year. I have recently begun exploring the option of switching to Bonvoy or Honors simply because the core/main brands seem neglected making it less attractive to book a room for my family.

Hotel was clean and staff was friendly.  I felt safe at this hotel and there was not a lot of noise outside.

I like HIE as you can trust the quality of the stay and service for breakfast.

Every time we have to go to our Golden office we stay here. The rooms are always clean, spacious and safe. The housekeeping is amazing (we left them a thank you note at the front desk, I hope they got it). The breakfast and dining area hits all the marks and is a gracious 3 hrs 6:30a-9:30a. The business center is in the lobby. Love this little spot. I sit at the business center and work in the mornings with no issues. The front desk staff is always fantastic. The pool and hot tub, perfect. The gazebo outside always has little bunnies and beautiful birds. There's a w&d for guests to use ($3.50 each) which we depend on. It's quiet and peaceful. Families stay here and you wouldn't even know it, good job parents. Highly recommend this location.

Basic room/hotel, but it was clean and comfortable.  Staff were friendly.  Wish there were non-pork meat options for breakfast.  Location is great to do mountain stuff (Red Rock, Georgetown Train Loop) and city stuff (Downtown, Rockies, Zoo).

My stay was very good.  I would stay at this hotel again.

Nice facility, very close to Red Rocks. Golden is a nice town

Great place to stay if Red Rocks is on your itinerary. Beds are comfortable. Hotel is quiet and clean. Ample parking. Near many attractions and shopping. Breakfast service is okay, not great, but nice to eat before leaving to explore more or to drive home.

Do not waste your dollars at this location for Holiday Inn/IHG.  Go to the Hampton Inn next door.  Turns out their nightly rate was better anyway than HIex.

My sister in law was taking my niece to college and had planned to stay there.  Her uncles were covering this as we are platinum elite members and it was our way of helping out on such an important time, since we couldn’t be there in person.

The assistant manager was atrocious to deal with.  I believe his name was Andrew.  We tried calling to find out what he needed as we pre-booked the room using our card.  We couldn’t hear him on the phone, asked several times for him to speak up.  I kept raising my voice because I couldn’t hear him.  I will admit I did use one expletive in the conversation - “as how was I supposed to fix this F’ng situation, so my family could check in”.  I should not have used that word, but as this man was so unhelpful, my frustrations were at a high, to say the least.

We had set this up for several other Holiday Inn Express for their long cross country trip.  This was the only one who has given them a problem.  When we pointed this out, he even denigrated another location saying they weren’t in the same league as this location.  They both are listed as 2-star hotels, and the other location was built in the past few years, so difficult to see what would be the difference.

After calling corporate reservations and explaining how unhelpful Andrew was being, they couldn’t fix it either.  At this point I was told by reservations that Andrew wouldn’t even allow my sister in law to check in, even if we made the 45 minute drive to show him our credit card, as we happen to live on this stop of their trip.  Though asking them to wait another 45 minutes with a 7 year old with them, not cool to say the least!  Then to completely refuse service to us, my sister in law and family.  Needless to say this location will never get my or my family business.

They said I should not be charged a cancellation fee since we prepaid, but I will be verifying that with corporate.  I have already let corporate know how unsatisfactory this locations service has been and in particular, Andrew

Again, do not waste your dollars at this location.  Horrible customer service.

Comfortable. WIFI was quite slow compared tp other places we stayed. False Fire Alarm in middle of night was annoying and staff was not able to discount our stay even though we did not get full value of our stay

My comment is the same description stated on the front page.

Check-in was efficient and our stay was clean and comfortable.

Location was great. Housekeeping was below average. Bed never made and TP was not provided. Had to go to desk because phone connection broken. Hot breakfast items were not available until late on first day too.

Excellent experience.  Only issue was the coffee maker in the room didn’t work.  Not a big deal.  There was plenty of coffee with better creamer available in the lobby.

First impressions count. No one to there to inquire about room or check in. When someone arrives he was disengaged. Would not assist with rewards number. Told me to find it and come back. Wasn’t interested in AAA card or my drivers license.

The only issue we had with our stay was our entire floor smelled like Marijuana. I don't care what people do but I don't want to smell it. It was very obvious that people were smoking on our floor. I thought smoking isn't allowed.

We chose this location because it was so close to Red Rocks and we were attending a concert. We are also planning on getting married and using the time at this Holiday Inn Express to decide if we wanted to schedule a room block for that event. However, we spent all of our nights in discomfort with a broken A/C. Normally this isn't as issue, but with temperatures in the 90s during our stay it was awful. We spoke with someone at the desk the first morning before we headed out and they took the notes about the A/C and another issue we had around 9:30. When we returned around 6:00, we noticed our room was still just as hot. I brought this to the attention of the person working at the desk then and he came in, pushed a couple buttons on the thermostat and said it was fixed. The A/C never kicked on. He was very rude for every interaction we had with him and each time we walked past the front desk, there were people who had been waiting 20 minutes for him. The same night, we went to dinner and there were people waiting. We came back an hour later and the same people were waiting. I only know it was him because my fiancé said something and suddenly he was out of the office to help guests. 



The next morning, I caught another person who called maintenance while I was at the desk. He arrived to check on it almost immediately but told me that the compressor was broken. He would have to install a new unit. While it was nice to have an answer, a new unit was never installed and no other solution was offered. This, on top of a few other issues, made it clear that this was not the hotel for our wedding. I've attached a few photos of our room that I would be embarrassed to have guests see if I were working at this particular property. 



Although this is mostly a bad review, I do want to thank Matthew who took our A/C issue seriously and the woman at the front desk who helped us when we check out and rekeyed our card for the several times it deactivated during our stay.

This stay was clean and just what we needed for part of our family vacation. We were close to Red Rocks for hiking. It would be a great place to stay for concert. Pool was nice for kids.

Glad we switched reservation to the Holiday Inn. Clean rooms, friendly staff. Breakfast ok (expired milk and reheated oatmeal were lowlights; everything else was solid). Unfortunately close to dispensary and construction, so location loses a star. Would stay here again.

This was the first IHG hotel on our 17-day trip that did not honor my room preferences of a high floor away from the elevator. We were on the 2nd floor across from elevator. Told it was because they were full, but I had made reservation 2 weeks in advance. The coffee was cold in the lobby upon arrival. They did have hot coffee for breakfast at least. The bathtubs do not have the rubber mats we were provided at every other Holiday Inn express on our trip. The bathtub was very slippery, and my wife slipped and fell out of the tub. No injuries but another guest may not be so lucky. We did tell the desk clerk as we checked.

Great location. Clean hotel with comfortable beds. Breakfast could be a bit better. Overall fine breakfast. Will definitely stay again. Golden is a great location to getting to the places we wanted to explore

Bed was quite comfortable. Lobby and eating area were clean and welcoming. Breakfast was good but a little late.

Just a bit older hotel. Few minor things needed upkeep but overall I enjoyed our stay. Great staff

A friendly staff at a good spot in a good location just far enough from downtown Denver but also close enough to get back there with ease.

My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights in July 2024 and it suited our needs as we just needed a place to crash each night. There are plenty of good food options close by and it's located very near Red Rocks Amphitheater which was a big plus for us.

The rooms were nice and the free breakfast each morning was pleasant. Get there early as it gets a little crowded later in the morning.

We arrived very late because of our flight to Denver. There were very few restaurants open and then breakfast was closed so early. The food was not great. You should rethink your menus. Also, it might be time to consider remodeling.

Very disappointed with this stay! I always stay at this hotel when I'm in the area, and I'm in the area a lot! I was driving across country and needed a good night sleep, which I was not able to get! There were kids running up and down the hall and slamming doors, but no one at the desk to report it to!

Comfortable and location was perfect.  Quiet and staff very friendly.

It was as expected.The rooms were clean and comfortable. All staff were very pleasant and courteous.

Greeted immediately and offered options on room location, room was quiet and breakfast was great.

Great night’s sleep in a comfortable bed in a modern room with a good breakfast the next day. The coffee wasn’t half bad!

Very comfortable beds. Great location for exhausted travelers to rest overnight. Parking lot is fenced and didn’t feel like we were going to have any damage or vandalism to our vehicles. Staff was very nice and breakfast was good.

Bright room smelled like axe body spray and definitely much warmer than 66 degrees thermostat insisted. Shower curtain rolled up and wet. Room was near elevator and ice machine despite stay preferences. Stained curtains and toilet paper not well cleaned. Chair obstructed already small doorway in space.

Bright room smelled like axe body spray and definitely much warmer than 66 degrees thermostat insisted. Shower curtain rolled up and wet. Room was near elevator and ice machine despite stay preferences. Stained curtains and toilet paper not well cleaned. Chair obstructed already small doorway in space.

Sounded like a jet engine when it came on. Woke me up every time it turn on very loud.  did not get my room requested People were loud near elevator not ready for my checkin.

Location was great to go see a concert at Red Rocks. Shuttle picked us up and dropped us off. Great night at a great hotel.

This location is in need of renovation. Very dirty. Carpet in hallways was unbelievably disgusting. And the room wasn't much better. Especially the bathroom, it was very bad.

Breakfast was average. No cinnamon rolls. And the selection was over cooked. The bacon was so overcooked it tasted like ashes when eaten.

Only reason we stayed here was the location. Won't make this mistake again.

Hotel was busy over holiday weekend. Breakfast staff was overwhelmed but Johnson was calm and friendly through the onslaught of guests. Rosie at the desk was professional and could also have used some help at busy check in times. Alvaro in maintenance was responsive.

Best part of hotel is proximity to Golden, good breakfast, and convenient to get anywhere. Starting to show it's age though

Not the cleanest HEI I’ve stayed in but it was not bad

The bed was very comfy but that was the only thing good here.... We went to breakfast in the morning and everything was literally disgusting the fruit was black and seriously looked like it had mold the pancake maker didn't even cook completely everything just looked and tasted very old was not good we ended up going out to breakfast it was so terrible

Location of the hotel is great if you're attending Red Rocks. Good food choices nearby and shopping. Showers could use some non slip adhesive. Ours was extremely slippery. Breakfast bar was not ready either morning or our stay .

Stay here often for business. Rooms are always very clean and comfortable, property is always clean and in order. Staff is always friendly and very helpful with any questions.

My flight was delayed and I arrived in the middle of the morning. I was greeted kindly and with a smile. I was starving and was offered a choice of what I’d like from the available pantry. The next morning I was given in depth, accurate information and direction to my venue along with the best way to travel. That were great!

Amazing place! Warm and inviting. Safe from any crime spots in the area and a great spot for families and couples. One of the best hotel chains in the U.S.A. It offers great breakfast and a wonderful room selection that you can get the best sleep in.

Where's the sixth star? This place crushed it. I was booked at another place that ended up being a dump. I left there and showed up here just have midnight. I explained what had happened and the desk clerk matched the rate from the other hotel and had me in a room in ten minutes. Parking lot was patrolled and fenced. Room was outstanding. I can't say enough good things about this place. It's where I'm going next time I have to travel through Denver.

Great staff and clean hotel.  Closest hotel to red rocks.  Had a great time staying there

Shower was good. Rooms were clean but carpeting was a bit worn. Overall, place was fine. Good location to get to red rocks, downtown golden, and downtown denver

Pricy

This is a great Holiday Inn hotel.  Was less expensive that other name brand in the area.  This is a clean and quiet hotel conveniently located for a trip into the mountains on I-70.   Only suggestion I would have is to improve the photos of the property.  From the photos, it seemed like the rooms were darker and older than they are. The rooms are actually new and pleasant.

We stayed here because the location was close to the racetrack. That was the only benefit of this hotel. The IHG company should really put some money into up dating this hotel. Holes in the walls, shower wall cracked and badly repaired. Stains on all the carpets and the hall carpets were never vacuumed, there was actually a goldfish on the floor that stayed there for 6 days before someone finally cleaned. We have been on the road for 2 weeks and this is the worst Holiday inn we have stayed in. Garbage cans at breakfast weren’t being emptied, coffee was burnt, etc. The entire hotel smells like weed, our first room smelled so bad we asked to move. I really hope IHG will take note because the location to Red Rock and Thunder Valley MX is great but otherwise the hotel is far from great.

I came into town for business and brought my family so they could relax. This hotel met both sets of needs perfectly. Staff is friendly and helpful, rooms were kept clean, breakfast was well stocked, pool was great! We were told at check in that for longer stays they do room service by request, which is normal to most hotels I stay at. It was a nice surprise that they still came every day with new towels, emptied the trash, and made the beds 3 times in the 5 nights we stayed!

Having stayed in several IHG hotels, I would say this one could improve mostly by strengthening their internet signal, updating their in room tech(TV, clock, no USB plugs in the room), and keeping the elevators cleaner. 
Overall a great place to stay, that I will be at again!

Stayed for almost a week would recommend this location for anybody. Going to red rocks only 10 minutes down the road.

Extremely rude service. Glad this is only 1 night stay. The hotel manager called us sometime around 9 ish saying there was lot of sound complaints from our room, we had 2 kids and have traveled before as well, nowhere did we encounter such a situation. While checking in he was equally rude in responding to our family members request for using Restroom saying there were none apparently. This is not the kind of treatment a guest should have ever and we are extremely unsatisfied with this hotel. Request to other travelers- please rethink before booking your stay here.

This was our 2nd time staying here while in town for a concert at Red Rocks. We returned because everything was great last year and the hotel didn't disappoint - clean rooms, comfortable beds, great breakfast (don't skip the cinnamon rolls!), and friendly staff all make for a pleasant stay. Hope to be back for future shows at Red Rocks!

Lots of extra space in the room we were very comfortable hanging out there, staff was very quick checking us in. We stayed more than a night and cleaning staff stopped by offered to clean gave us new towels. Easy to get to everywhere we needed to go.

My father and I stayed here while visiting a sick relative. My father is disabled and on oxygen, so the Manager of the front desk Andrew went above and beyond to help my father bring in his oxygen concentrator and suitcase into his room and helped haul it to his vehicle after his stay. What a wonderful person! I was so blessed and thankful for him being there for my father. The breakfast was delicious and well stocked.. the tables were clean to eat at. My family will stay here for all of my future visits to Colorado!
Also appreciate that they refuse credit cards that don’t match the ID, if anyone has had their identity or information stolen they understand. Keep up the great work 🙂👍

Very nice hotel

The staff is very friendly and fast check-in. The room was large. Looked like room was used as extended stay at some point. Bathroom was clean and the bed was comfortable. In the morning the breakfasts was over an hour late coming out and the eggs were burned. Overall the hotel and staff are nice, but is a bit over priced. Should be in the $140 range

This is a very convenient location for going to Red Rocks.  A bit expensive for a few hours of sleep.  Very comfortable beds and a clean room. Breakfast was good but there was little bacon left and it was all floppy.

Stayed here for one night after a concert at Red Rocks.   Room seemed very clean but had a musty smell.   Elevator and lobby/front door area could be cleaner.   Breakfast was good.   Staff was friendly.  Enjoyed our stay.  I'd stay again, but could be a little cleaner.

We've stayed at this Holiday Inn Express a number of times.  Never fails to live up to our high standards.  Located within 15 minutes of the Red Rocks Amphitheatre, within walking distance of restaurants and shopping and just of Interstate highways.  CLEAN, comfortable rooms, and the breakfast is over-the-top.  The staff is friendly and always helpful.

I really enjoyed my stay. I didn't arrive til 3am and someone was there to check me in really fast. Room was very clean and  shower was perfect. Plenty to eat in walking distance.  Staff helped me with anything I needed. 
Its location is such a beautiful area. Felt safe and surrounded by epic views

I arrived earlier than expected but I couldn’t get in my room until much later. They were short on cleaning staff. Got the first floor room that I wanted and no problems.

We have stayed at this particular Holiday Inn Express previously so was not hesitant in booking again. Stayed two nights, and had a great room with comfortable bed. The breakfast in the morning is outstanding. The overall cleanliness of the Hotel was awesome.
Great job, Holiday Inn - Golden, CO.

Check in was quick and smooth. Staff were helpful and friendly throughout the days we were there. A variety of hot and cold foods that were replaced so everyone could choose what the wanted. Beds were a dream to sleep on and the only noise we heard was from a thunderstorm passing through the night. I would definitely stay here again.

It was very expensive for this brand only because of the location. No USB ports in rooms or lobby....even in the Executive Suite, which I was told was the only room left. Found out otherwise when I was in the lobby 10 minutes later abs the staff member have a king room to someone else.   He was very rude to several guests and myself looking for last-minute rooms due to a major accident on I70. He told me the price of a room, and I went back out to my car to decide if we were going to wait it out or just get a room for the night . When I came back in he asked me if the other  hotel on the same block was cheaper. I tried to explain that I didn't know because I just went out to my car.And that's when he said he only had an executive suite left.

Checkin was quick and easy, got to my room in no time so I could relax after a long road-trip. They also acknowledged my membership status and offered a free upgrade and complimentary drink and snack that came with it.

Comfortable beds, clean bathroom, quiet room and enjoyable pool

Great location close to shopping, downtown Golden and amenities. The hotel was clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. Check in was easy and fast. Breakfast was good. Bed was comfortable and clean. Parking lot was big enough to find space every day.

Great location for our interests but overall cleanliness is not so great. Breakfast options are like regular but personal handling food had no gloves when handling. I am no germofob but still don’t know what person did before handling food

The staff were very friendly and helpful about the area. The rooms were clean and fresh. The breakfast was excellent. Would definitely stay again recommend to others.

Rooms were clean. Could have had more breakfast options

The room was misrepresented on line as a "suite" and it was NOT.  The beds were hard.  We heard the room above us walking around easily.  I asked for conditioner refill and did not get it.  We did not get our room cleaned and towels replace the second day.  It is supposed to be daily room servicing.  My complaints to the front desk staff were minimized.  Will NOT go back.

Staff was wonderful, amenities were great. My only issue was how dirty the elevator was and that they had a fee upon check in that was not in the estimated price. They did say these fees would be returned after checkout. Trip would have been better if I had known about the fees so I could better plan financially.

There’s a reason this place is a 2-star hotel and it starts with the manager “Andrew Gustafson”. IHG should be ashamed to have a manager representing this establishment who talks to women the way he did. I tried to check in today 5/26 @ 3:09p. We booked the room under my IHG membership with my wife’s credit card. When I tried to check in “Manager” Andrew told me he could verify the reservation with my ID but needed my wife to come in to charge the card. At which time he tried to keep her CC from me and not give it back until I demanded it back. My wife went in while I stayed in out in the car with our toddler. He proceeded to refuse to accept her CC because it’s still in her maiden name, the same card we have used at every hotel on our trip. She asked to speak to a manager to work this out and he proceeded to tell her “You don’t know who you’re talking to! You don’t know who I am!!! I am the manager! I am canceling your reservation you can get off my property and go across the street!” I went in to make sure we weren’t being charged for our night and try to de-escalate the situation. Andrew proceeded to be rude and lie about my wife “blowing up on him” and told me we could leave and find somewhere else to stay. So we left and went to the Marriott where we were treated with respect and well taken care of. IHG should be ashamed of “Manager” Andrews actions and his inferiority complex he has towards women. I sure hope he felt like a real BIG man talking to a woman like he did. I believe he has waited his whole life to be able to beat his chest and talk down to a woman and flex his so called job title as a “manager”. Needless to say we will never stay at another IHG property ever again. I hope IHG reaches out to this property and helps get “Manager” Andrew some much needed training in customer service and how to speak to women.

I always stay here when I come to town for work and appreciate the cleanliness and overall staff experience.

I was greeted by a friendly staff member and quickly checked in. We were then given our entry cards and was informed about amenities for the stay. I later realized I had left toothbrush at home. Recieved one, thanks to the staff. Breakfast was had a variety of tasty items. I will stay here again.

The beds are to hard and I wish that we you had a bar

Reached out to the hotel several times including the manager, Andrew Gustafson. Received one response to an issue from my stay in Dec 2023. Upon providing the requested information to Andrew, I have not heard back from the hotel or the manager concerning my issue. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL especially for the manager to just ghost me regarding something that the HOTEL promised but never followed through on. Also provided the details of the call logs, between me and the staff of the hotel, that were made in December, January and March.



ISSUE:

It was December, the pool was closed due to renovations yet that was never communicated prior to our stay. I have a 4 yo and the pool was why I booked with you guys. I was told I could walk across the parking lot to the other hotel and use their pool…again it is December and I have a 4 yo. 



I tried to go and swim at the other hotel’s pool, since my daughter was looking forward to swimming and playing in the pool. We never went back…that pool was the smallest most disgusting thing I have seen ever…the water was nasty and jerky, there were random items in the pool. When we walked in and I saw all of this, I turned myself and my daughter right around and went back to the hotel. That is when I said something to the front desk about how disappointing all of this was. Apparently, this is STILL not being addressed as promised by the staff of the hotel. As a customer, I shouldn’t have to go through all of this to get what was told would be given to me because of the very unpleasant and disappointing stay at your hotel.

It was conveniently located,  clean and the staff was friendly and accommodating. Though it felt like I was helping to pay for a lot of immigrants to stay there.

We were in Golden for my son's graduation and selected the Holiday Inn Express as we had stayed there in 2020 when we dropped him off. The staff was super friendly. The room was clean and quiet. The breakfast was great. So was the spa!

Very nice, clean, hospitable. Enjoyed the stay

The property is beautiful and the service and staff were wonderful.

Rooms were very comfortable, and quiet. Location was great for getting to hiking in the mountains, or just having great food options nearby. check in and out was easy and the workers were all friendly.

ZERO STARS.
I am appalled at the recent experiences I've had with this hotel. I have a new manager onboarding and I reluctantly booked here as it was close to the mall and other hotels were sold out. The first time, I called and asked for a cc auth form. Rosie, the front desk associate, sent over the documents. I sent them back and asked that they confirm they had everything they need. I never heard back so I thought everything was ok, but felt it was poor customer service that they didn't confirm my employee was all set. It turns out, I had inadvertantly left of the cc auth form, but HAD attached my id and picture of the cc. Instead of reaching back out to me for that form, they made my manager present her own card. When I went back to them to ask that they remove the charge from her account and place on my corporate card, Andrew Gustafson responded by arguing with me and blaming me for not attaching the document. He has now charged my card, but still hasn't credited my Managers card. Terrible service.

Then tonight, the same Front desk Manager, Andrew Gustafson, yelled and chastised my employee when she tried to check in on a cc auth form that was submitted late.

I travel weekly for work and prefer Marriott properties, the only reason I had to send my manager back to this Holiday inn Express was because all the other hotels in the area were sold out and we needed a last minute reservation. Hampton Inn was incredible last week and has a seamless cc auth form that is completed online. Holiday inn has a cumbersome form that they want you to fax in 48 hours in advance and please make sure you don't book last minute, because Andrew will berate you and threaten that he won't allow you to check in. I will NEVER send another employee of my organization here again. Andrew also sent me an email and assured me that my complaint would go nowhere since this location is a franchise and not connected to the larger Holiday Inn brand. So, his behavior is going completely unchecked which explains why he thinks he can treat guests this way.

As a District Manager in the service industry, I would never allow one of my Leaders to speak to a guest this way and then continue to harass them via email.

There are so many better hotels in the area, so book in advance to avoid getting stuck at this place.

Room was very roomy and the receptionist was very helpful and friendly when we informed her there were tears in the lamp shades and a dent in the room hvac unit.

The bathroom did not have a vent fan. Difficult to shave. Only one person on duty in the AM made for a slow check-out and get a breakfast.

Great place to stay. Very friendly staff, extremely clean everything and a great location for Denver and the Golden area.

Best breakfast ever. Staff was great.

The hotel had a nice atmosphere and the staff was super friendly. The hotel wasn't very clean. Our room had an awful musty smell and the bathroom had a terrible moldy musty smell. The bathroom wasn't cleaned very well. The beds were pretty hard.

had to move some furniture around to look for my wallet, when i did, it looked like some areas havent been cleaned/vaccumed in quite a while, pillows are way to soft, the room could use some USB ports for charging plugs

We stay here once a year for 5-6 nights while visiting family. It's a great location in Golden. Close to our family, restaurants, and shopping. We enjoyed an upgrade to our room which is always appreciated. The beds are comfortable, staff accommodates our needs, and the rooms are generally clean. The breakfast could be better. Choices are somewhat limited and the fruit offerings were not the best. Oatmeal, bacon, were not prepared well. The toasters need an update. Overall, this is a good hotel and we will be back.

I recommend this hotel not only for the clean and friendly service, but  also because of the great location & proximity to metro Denver is wonderful. The location provided easy access to travel by auto to Golden CO and also metro Denver, Lookout Mountain...

Well maintained older hotel with comfy rooms and friendly staff

Love this hotel. Close to Denver and Red Rocks. Staff was kind and helpful. Clean with comfortable beds.

This was a good hotel. The front desk staff was excellent. They had info about the area and helped with out even asking.

So easy to navigate this area of Brighton, CO. Simple access to other needs outside the hotel like restaurants were a short and convenient ride. 
The best impression was at my initial arrival and how extremely professional Jonae was. Her smile and demeanor built the foundation for compliments and peace of mind that the experience would go well.

Good quality for the money

Our stay here was good and I would stay here again. Beds and pillows were comfortable, rooms were clean and breakfast was good. Staff was friendly.

The stay was great; the staff was very welcoming and helpful, and the breakfast was really good; everything was clean and comfortable.

The room, the pool, the bathrooms - all unfortunately dirty. Front desk was not staffed, we waited a long time for everything.

Very poor condition. Couch mattress. Should be burned. Broken closet door blocked the bathroom door. Cold breakfast items that were supposed to be warm. No place to heat anything up at breakfast area

We booked on the fact the hotel was newer and that the rating deemed to be in high regard. 
The room could Have been a lot cleaner and the water pressure was a definite problem. 
Staff should be more helpful and there should be more carts available and staff to help.

This is a great hotel.  The staff are very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean.  The location is central to many things:  downtown Golden, many hiking trails and major highways.

Called for a late check—in, and they had our room ready. It was quiet, and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was so good, my 12 y/o didn’t even want lunch! The EV chargers were an added bonus, as I arrived on “fumes”. One of the reasons we picked this hotel. More hotels should offer this benefit. Now for the bad, which wasn’t so bad. The hotel needs updating. The decor seems straight out of the late 90s. It also felt dark. Would have preferred a lighter feeling. Updating the decor and the tech to USB-C would do wonders for this hotel. The amount I paid was a great value for this property. Would stay here again, even if they didn’t update it anytime soon.

We stay at this hotel because it feels safe and clean and the rooms are comfortable and usually quiet. It is very easy to go quickly out if town on I-70 or into the city on highway 6 or I-70. Close to good restaurants and shopping,  but not in a busy area. 
This stay there was some little issues with the room's fan and TV and as an exhausted single gal I didn't feel like having staff in to try to do anything.  Not sure they could have anyway. 
Friendly staff. Well lit parking.  Good breakfast!

I had been traveling for two days and I needed to stay down in the city because I had a doctor appointment the next day. I chose this hotel because I’ve stayed there before very friendly staff. The bed was super comfortable and the pillows were great. The only thing is I could smell the pool as soon as I walked in the building and on occasion my room on the fourth floor smelt a little musty but I got a great night sleep. I use the workout facilities. I only use the treadmill. It worked fine. I did notice there weren’t any wipes to wipe down the machine. And I honestly forgot to tell somebody at the front desk, so that is not a ding on them.

Knowing we were going to arrive late (after midnight), placed a call to the front desk to let them know. When we arrived, they had the room key waiting for us. Walked to our room, and proceeded to crash for the evening. Got up for a delicious breakfast to start our day. There was some minor issues w/ the pancake machine, but it was squared away and the employee extended the operating hours, so we could eat our pancakes, and make some more. This hotel was chosen because of the pricing and the free EV chargers out front. It was nice waking up to a fully charged battery. About the only thing that I can think of that was a negative... was the decor in the room. This room needs an update. I felt like I was in the '90s (the TV was up to date, but didn't use it). I don't know if other rooms are like it, but I felt that this room was lacking in decor. I would like to see them update it with USB-C connections, as that is the standard now and into the future.

Not terrible, but felt a little worn. I’d probably want to be sure they did some upgrades before I stay here again.

Out of desperation we were forced to stay overnight in Golden after a mishap with a rental car agency.   This hotel is dated and a little dirty in my opinion.  Not sure my sheets had been changed but again we were desperate for sleep.  Breakfast was REALLY good and well thought out.  Keycards were not working on our arrival night so the employee had to walk each and every person to their rooms....which took FOREVER.  Then if you left the room....you were locked out again.  Wasn't a good nights sleep but thankful we had a place to stay.

This was a great find. Breakfast was good, staff was friendly, room spacious enough and very clean, super affordable. And Golden is wonderful! We will be back!

Clean hotel with friendly staff. Nice pool for the kids to play in at night. Comfortable pillows and decent mattress. Only issue was the sofa bed, terrible fold out mattress

Great place to stay while in Golden
Enjoyed time with my grandchildren at the pool

I recommend this property based on location. The bed was very uncomfortable and I woke up wondering if I was sleeping on the floor! That’s how hard the mattress was. The shower water temp didn’t get hot either. Expect to have a warm shower at best.

Clean, large room with good guest service.  Good breakfast in large sunny lobby

Wanted to update my review here. We've been here since probably Easter of last year, and it's ok, dumb 12 year old me thought it was a haven but now i'm posting off my personal stay there just a couple of months ago. Room was clean, bathrooms were nice; Now, golden doesn't get like really heavy snow a lot of the time, but it snowed REALLY hard back when i went there. Snow was up to my knee at the deepest, and i'm about 5'4 as of posting this. As a result of the snow the tvs weren't working, now i understand the snow was pretty bad, but at the least you could get someone to come up there and clean off the satellite, or just switch to cable overall. But the room was about $150 with tax. That's really expensive for just a room with some of the necessities. But that's really ridiculous. Anyway, we decided to head into the gym 'cause we didn't have much else to do. The gym was small but what do you expect from a 3 star hotel. It was pretty nice, everything was working as intended. So we went back into our room and headed to sleep after about an hour. It's a pretty good hotel for a good place to stay but the rooms are so expensive. But it's not just this one, it's all of them. So thanks biden for that, anyway, it's a pretty good hotel and i would mostly recommend. Also, it was quite loud, kids were running though halls, but they were probably bored. So yeah, it's a pretty ok hotel, it's not really too bad. Also the breakfast was pretty ok.

My stay is always comfortable and I feel safe at IHG Golden, CO.

This location had decent clean rooms, normal hotel hot breakfast, they have a pool (we did not use) and parking.
Property is situated near freeways so accessible to many locations. Near retail and restaurants, so it was easy to get to restaurants.

The room is weirdly designed that it has no closet, no where to hang out clothes, and the fridge has no freezer part to it, sad to people who likes ice cream. The worst thing is the room is not sound proof at all. I don’t mind hearing the voice of people talking, but you could only hope you get nice neighbours. My partner and I was on TV and normal conversations at 10:30pm and our neighbours banged on our wall, so we thought maybe they need to rest and we turned off the TV and went to bed, and instead I heard them talking 😅 I would not like to book here ever again

One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at for this price range. The rooms are clean and the bed sheets are fresh, there are no signs of unkempt. Shampoo and conditioners are from large dove bottles, not the cheap throw away kinds. And if you manage to forget you're toothbrush, the front desk will provide one for free. Overall I was well rested and pleasantly surprised, I will bookmark this place for future travels.

Terrible from beginning to end. The lit up sign out front was half dead and flickering which told me the quality right up front. When I arrived, an hour after check in time, the host informed me that their "computers were down" and therefore I could not check in, and he had no clue when they might be back up. He suggested I go to the pizza shop down the street (basically the only food choice around) to hang out for awhile. I walked there, even though this is a highly unwalkable area. When I finally was able to check in to my room, the TV did not work, and the worst part of all was the loud banging I heard literally all night, into the early hours of the morning. I needed earplugs. It sounded like someone was hammering on the floor every hour all night long. On my last morning there I had to leave early to catch my flight and all that was available was cold coffee (presumably old) in the canteen. Really terrible quality hotel, I will be watching the ratings much more carefully from now on to avoid booking one so bad.

This is a nice hotel with kind staff. It is far from many things; however, if you need to be in the foothills or west Denver it is a great location. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and everything in working order. Pool was a little cold but still nice and hot tub was good. Breakfast was a typical Holiday Inn breakfast.

Solid option for leisure or business. Close enough to downtown Golden but also close to highways for getting back to Denver area (and airport). Beds were comfortable and shower was hot with good pressure. Friendly staff.

I've made this hotel my main stay location when I come to Denver for meetings. The beds are always comfortable and rooms clean. It's has a large selection of restaurants within a short drive.

Went as expected. No issues. I had a pleasant stay.

My reservation was non refundable. Very disappointing.

The rooms were clean and my kids loved the pool. Totally loved breakfast. Bacon, eggs, pancakes. Not badly priced either.

Clerks are rude and incompetent. I was awoken when a loud man was trying to get in my room. Terrifying. The clerk had given him the same room I got. Fake apology. No hot food at breakfast - blamed staff shortage. NO room service. 2nd day no clean towels, coffee etc. Desk clerk said they had no coffee pods besides decaf. Rude. Rude. Don't stay here.

very nice location, Nearby many restaurants, stores

Long flight from UK so needed somewhere to sleep when we arrived before heading to mountains.  Close to highway, easy parking and big room for family of four.

Perfect for a quick night sleep in a basic but good hotel.

Thanks

Nice stay for the price. Very clean. Friendly staff.

Recently returned after spending six nights at this location.  Upon checking in we were informed that there would be limited service for the rooms with full service only provided on Tuesdays & Thursdays. We checked in on a Saturday and after 4+ days our trash cans were overflowing and we were still using the original bathroom towels.  We complained and picked up fresh towels at the front desk but only after Jesse "debated" with us that all of the other hotels he worked at provided similar levels of service.  We requested that Jesse have the manager contact us in the morning and to no surprise we never heard from him.  We've traveled all over the U.S. as well as abroad and NEVER experienced such poor service.  A young lady at the front desk informed us that they're having difficulty getting good help.  There was no breakfast on Christmas morning (supposedly the cook failed to report for work) and the wonderful elderly lady at the front desk, who uses a cane, tried her hardest to provide some cold breakfast items while we & some other guests attempted to give her some assistance.  Then on Wednesday there was no milk for coffee or the kids cereal (how hard is it to go the nearest store and pick up a few gallons of milk?).  The rooms are tired and worn, the shower drain was broken and there were black spots on the walls & ceiling which we suspect was black mold (we attempted to clean these spots and the rag came back black). It's extremely disappointing that Holiday Inn has fallen this far and hopefully someone in management actually takes notice of this review & makes the effort to come down from the executive suite to see what's happening at their properties.

easy and convenient place to stay. great location especially for a nearby surgery center and red rocks. would stay here again.

Very clean, large rooms, nice gym, breakfast at 5:00 AM!! Close to airport. Friendly staff! Very comfortable beds

Clean and spacious room with a view on the fourth floor. Check in clerk had us scared saying he couldn’t find our reservation. We told him we had checked in online already. Not a smile and aloof. 8:30 breakfast nothing but yogurt , banana and bagels. ! We had to leave without a proper breakfast! Thanks for the clean and comfortable room!

Trashy at best!

Stayed here as is was close to the colorado school of mines every was perfect

Best night sleep!

Great amenities - microwave refrigerator and great staff , free breakfast close to skii areas

2nd time here this year. I forgot to leave a review last time so now I am once again staying in a hotel where I can't get the room cold enough.  this review will remind me not to stay here again.  it's a standard holiday inn Express in a strip mall parking lot - it's fine if you don't care about the temperature of your room. Unfortunately I do care about that and definitely won't be back.

Beware of click bait advertising with this hotel.... They want to get you through the front door then say they can't honor that price.... Even though it's advertised to everybody... So one more empty room holiday inn

Excelente hotel. Tiene piscina bajo techo.

When we got to the hotel the entire section of Golden had lost power however due to us doing the early check in they had our room information already printed out and we’re very helpful getting us to our rooms.

Breakfast was great; mattress was horribly hard. Location of this hotel is convenient but overall there are other properties nearby that you could book.

The rooms are just your every day hotel room. Clean, no bugs, and plain. The TV was a bit on the small side, so bring your binoculars if you like watching hotel TV. The bathroom was fine, plenty of towels and shampoo and stuff.

The staff was a little on the rude side though. When calling for some extra pillows and blankets they very rudely, and with an attitude, told me "come get them then" and hung up the phone.

The breakfast in the morning was one of the better of the hotel breakfasts I've ever had. Great selection, very fresh, nice tasting.

I spent as little time in my room as possible and I didn’t sleep under the covers. They were covered with hair which meant they either weren’t changed after the pervious guest of the laundry quality needs to be looked at.

Clean, comfortable, spacious room that was well stocked with towels, washcloths, and all amenities. Housekeeping staff was readily helpful with any extra needs.

Some of the front staff were bordering on rudeness when approached. This was after a 20 hour flight. When it was mentioned that my back was hurting and needed to stretch, I was told to lie down in the lobby. Room’s were ok. I am sure they could do better in general with right training etc. couldn’t find any decent restaurant walking distance and the hotel only serves breakfast.

Though the price for staying one night in the room was a little too expensive and the only reason I had to stay here is because I am 19, the bed was very comfortable and I passed out right away and the check in was easy. The staff was very nice and helpful. The included breakfast was nice. Overall everything was great, just the price was my only small issue.

They don’t place their parking lots. Multiple almost fell on the ice.

I called this location to try and book a long term stay of 63 nights. All of my reward points are with IHG and this property was the closest to where I needed. When calling I asked who the best person was to speak to for a long term stay. I was informed that Andrew, the GM was the best person to talk to.

Normally when doing this I’ll get transferred and can have a phone conversation with them or they’ll call me back. However I was informed that I had to email him. Which is fine, and I did. I emailed and didn’t hear back for 3 days. He gave me a rate and i had a few more questions. All which could have been answered simply over a phone call. I replied and waited two days and didn’t hear back. I sent a follow up email trying to close the loop on it as I am coming into town in the next week. I didn’t hear back and on the 3rd day of no response reached out to the designated diamond line with IHG. In their attempt to reach the manager, they were informed he was out. I still hadn’t heard back and after trying one more time, 4 days later, i spoke with the front desk lady again who informed me that she didn’t know why Andrew hadn’t gotten back to me, nor could give me a solid reason, almost felt as if they didn’t care to even do business as they suggested other IHG properties.

I have no idea why Andrew still didn’t get back to, or why I could never get on the phone. Might be his personal policy but in the amount of time and money I’ve spent doing long term stays I’ve never had a GM not be willing to get on a phone to book a reservation. I want to give him the benefit of the doubt but even if he was busy he could have had Rosie help me. In all the failed attempts of reaching out I finally booked my 63 nights with another hotel, with a completely different chain. I wasn’t looking for anything other than simple customer service and answer to some questions so I could book a room in a timely, reasonable manner.

I have all my points with IHG and would have like to maintain the diamond status through next year however Andrew botched that. I never want to be one to say I’ll take my business elsewhere but I was not impressed or happy that a simple email or call back was not made. I even hate writing this but after failed attempts at reaching them on my end and from an IHG representative I can’t help but give the one star for how this situation was handled.

To be clear I had never stayed here but my review is simply based on my interactions with management.

It was a good stay iverall the staff was nice. But they forgot towels for our room and they forgot to clean our room a couple of times but the breakfast was good and the building was quiet. I would recommend.

Good location but beds are not comfortable breakfast was good

Ok it was a good price for staying close Red Rocks. The hotel was a bit old. Looks newer in the website.

Great breakfast, friendly staff, larger than expected room, and comfortable bed are all reasons I'd stay here again. Perfect for if you're going to Red Rocks

Easy location. Close to Golden transit and the 70. Parking was plentiful. Not a ton of food options in the business park but lots of options a short drive away. Staff was friendly.

Hotel staff at front desk was friendly but could never get room service. Room was clean but bed was hard as a rock. Wouldn’t recommend.

The front desk staff and breakfast staff were very friendly and helpful. The breakfast was good with hot foods and fruits.

Usually stay at another brand hotel, but the one in this area was not reviewed well so we tried this hotel. Liked the hotel, staff, and location. Am actually staying at another one!

Very disappointed in housekeeping, asked several times for service.  We were there for 6 nights and only had housekeeping service once.  We ran out of soap in the dispensers, toilet paper, Kleenex and the trash cans were overflowing.  I would not recommend this hotel.

The guy at front desk was rude would not recommend

Very helpful with correcting a booking error.  Good location.  Very clean.  Elevators have an issue with jarring/bumping when stopping.

Gm was super helpful and always there.  Fd staff was friendly I believe her name was Rosy I also saw her in breakfast helping.

In general a nice place and good location for red rocks. However, the hot tub didn't work, elevator was dirty and one made chunking noises,

wonderful staff let us check into our room a little early on our travels - so relaxing & clean and a wonderful stay.

Check-in was easy, proximity to Red Rocks awesome, and breakfast hit the spot!   We were charged aig ificantly more than what we reserved the room at and found a used kleenex under the chair... but overall, it was a good experience.

Friendly staff, great breakfast, clean comfortable rooms, but the overall best feature was the location near Red Rocks (less than 15minutes away), and to downtown Golden.  Would love to stay here again.

Friendly staff, easy access, ample parking, close to light rail, short distance to area attractions including Red Rocks. Overall this hotel works well for us for Broncos games or Red Rocks events.

Great spot to the red rocks and shopping. I recommend this property.  Also a short trip to downtown Golden and the Coors brewery.

Really impressed.  Highly recommend.............................................................................................................................................................................

This place was very very wonderful.  The rooms were very comfortable and clean and the staff was the best I have seen in a really long time.  It’s located in a great part of town close to red rocks and has beautiful scenery.  The best part about our stay was the staff.  They were helpful and considerate.  It was a great stay.

Loved this hotel.  It was very clean and the room was very comfortable.  The breakfast was wonderful especially the cinnamon buns!  We will definitely stay here again!

All that was needed.  Only things to bring up was the exhaust fan not working in the bathroom and the noise of the elevator.

Room was very small, need was on the too firm side, room needed some paint and repairs, no widow view due to the fact it was behind the hotel marquee. On the better side staff were very friendly and courteous.

The bed was comfortable. The room was immaculate. Providing hand wash, body wash and shampoo is genius- I did't have to unpack any of that.
We definitely recommend this location and will stay here again if in the area.

My wife and I were returning from a trip to Moab UT and decided to reserve a room at the Holiday Express Inn and Suites in late July.  We were very impressed with the front desk and breakfast staff that greeted us and treated us so well!  Will stay here again if happen to be in the area!

Nice AC. Good location. Bathrooms NEED A SCRUB DOWN. Lots of scum in the shower and tubs. Get a deep clean on the schedule.

Turn the temp up in the hot tub it's more of a Luke warm tub rn.

With that, it's convenient enough that I'd return again.

The front desk service was phenomenal and very helpful. The breakfast was on point, especially the turkey sausage for non- pork eaters, and the bacon for pork eaters. Room was clean.

There are a couple of items that need consideration for correction. First, the bathroom wall had hairs on them that were not ours. Second, there were only 2 carts to assist with moving luggage, and one of them, the front wheel was locked and unopreable.

Overall, I give them a 95%. The hotel staff were very professional and helpful, even after we checked out and had to return due to my wide leaving a jacket in the closet.

Really exceptional holiday inn. Front desk is outstanding in service and friendly, during a very busy weekend too. Rooms are well appointed, though there is a lack of usb ports so bring your bricks. Very clean, i would certainly return!

It was easily over 95 degrees during my stay. I came in to a warm room and a busted air conditioner, and a smell like a high school gym locker. The maintenance man (who I give 10 stars) was amazing— but the General Manager was extremely rude. When I asked about a new room, he claimed it would be inconvenient for him. Then he called maintenance back to the room (even though he was still actively working on the issue.) I told him as much, and he said: “I would rather have you inconvenience him, so you’re not inconveniencing ME.” 

I’ve stayed at dozens of Holiday Inns, and this place was the WORST.

This is an incredible hotel!! From the moment you walk in you feel a fantastic atmosphere, you feel welcome, the views of the mountains are very nice, the lobby is very spacious, the breakfast area has many tables and the food is very good, there is a pool, gym and laundry!
The cleaning is wonderful, I am a very picky person and they really leave me speechless, I loved it.
The housekeeping director, Gabriel, is very attentive and is always ready to help guests and the housekeepers are very friendly and attentive to detail, as I said, the environment is fantastic, the rooms are spacious and bright, everything you may need is there. , highly recommended

Staff was very friendly-Breakfast host was a machine!!!

Location is good, close to Red Rocks. The hotel lobby, elevator, and hallway were very dirty. The room card machine was down, and they had to walk every guest to their rooms. The girl working the front desk was very nice about it and helpful.

Dirty and poor service

Room was comfortable, spacious and clean but fan was noisy which kept interrupting sleep.  Staff helpful.  Parking easy.  Hotel was however a little further away then I expected from downtown Golden.  Website led me to believe it was walkable.

Hallways were pretty dirty but room was super clean and comfy, needed extra bedding to soften the sofa bed, however. Breakfast area was tidy with some good options.

We primarily chose this hotel for the location as it was close to all the activities we had planned. The bed was a bit firm and slightly uncomfortable. Otherwise the room was fine and clean. They were having some issues with the card keys during our stay which I realize is not the fault of the staff. It was however a bit inconvenient when we kept getting locked out of our room when the card keys didn't work right.

Thank you for having a working computer, and a printer that actually printed clearly, and it was filled with paper. This was a major point of satisfaction for staying at this location.

We had a late night check in, and front desk staff was quick, helpful, and polite. Big bathroom with great water pressure. Comfortable bedding. Breakfast provided was great, but ends early at 9am. Two drawbacks; when AC kicks on in the room, VERY LOUD. We were grateful to have packed earplugs. While comfortable and convenient location for the purpose of our trip, we felt the price per night was high.

Very nice rooms.

This hotel is in a great location!  The price was very competitive.  The room and bed was very comfortable.  The indoor pool and hot tub was great.  Loved the gym and breakfast.  In spite of a few issues, I would definitely stay at this hotel again.

We just wanted a peaceful hotel for our one night stay and this place was great! Family friendly, nice indoor pool, close to fun.

Everyone there went above and beyond to make sure we had a pleasant stay.  They not only recommended things for our family to do in the unfortunately rainy weather but they also gave us directions to get there with parking details for downtown.  Extremely helpful!

I am field services Engineer so I always on the road and I chose IHG Hotel & Resorts to be my preference on my business trips that would make my life easier so I can check in after I done with my customers .
I would recommend to all my friends. Go IHG go go.

The Holiday Inn is a good location, close to Red Rocks and downtown Golden.  Nice property and good value

Great hotel, great service, good breakfast, comfy stay for showing up late!

UPDATED: March 2026
My husband and I stayed for 5 days in March, BECAUSE of my positive experience in February 2026. We visit family in this area frequently throughout the year. We had an issue on the 3rd day; we typically leave the hotel early morning and return early or late evening. On the Saturday we returned at 5:00 pm; our room HAD NOT BEEN CLEANED. I called down to the front desk and was told that housekeeping had knocked at around noon and was told no thank you and that there was a Do Not Disturb sign on the doorknob. This was completely false! I asked if the room could be cleaned at that time and was told housekeeping had left for the day. I went down to pick up towels and trash bags myself and write a letter to the manager, Michael Anthony, to express my disappointment and annoyance. Michael wrote me back and said he would be checking with his housekeeping staff as well as the video footage and would get back to us on Monday. We met with him on Monday; he showed us the video- which clearly indicated we had left the room before 8:30 am and did not return until 5:00 pm- and it looked as if the housekeeper knocked, heard a voice my room, and declined to clean it. As is evident from the video- we were not in the room and did not put a sign on our door!  Michael also said we could have asked for housekeeping at 5:00 pm - which we did and were told it was not available- and he indicated they were still there at that time.

Michael said he was meeting with other managers later on in the week and would get back to us. We have had no response.

We had actually booked this property for our visit in August but have canceled it and will be staying at a different property.

Very disappointed in customer service and management.

You have lost what could have been frequent customers.

Update- see above

Very clean Like the long sofa against the window and the desk with chair
Stayed for 5 days; very spacious and quiet room; lots of cupboard, drawer and shelf space. Love the small foyer before entering the bedroom- with a microwave, coffee maker and bar fridge. Also a full length mirror!!
Bed was very comfy- with4 large pillows ( 2 soft, 2 firm)

Bonus: room is cleaned every day without asking!

I liked the thermostat/heat/AC that was fully adjustable and the fan that I put on continuous as a ‘white noise’ at night

Breakfast was quite good- lots of choices

Love the coffee machines - you get a fresh hot cup of coffee 24/7

There were a few minor maintenance issues that were fixed when I told reception-which was great
Fantastic location-it’s close to my kids in Lafayette

Always someone at the front desk if needed

Hot tub was not working- a bit disappointing

Super clean, spacious rooms.

Very clean and good service. Thin walls as always. Pillows gave me neck and back pain. Can’t walk anywhere so make sure you have a car.

Great location! Clean rooms! Good value! Breakfast options give you something good to have first thing in the morning. I really like the Costa Coffee machines they have in the lobby. I would highly recommend this location!

Great location! Clean rooms! Good value! Breakfast options give you something good to have first thing in the morning. The photos are of room 337. I really like the Costa Coffee machines they have in the lobby. I would highly recommend this location!

The front desk staff was amazing, the hotel was clean and beautiful, the room smelled and felt good to be in, the beds were comfy, everything worked as expected, breakfast was well stocked, and overall this was a perfect stay.

Very good hotel and would definitely recommend to others

We had an amazing stay at this hotel. The room was super clean and comfortable. I was impressed by this location.

Excellent hotel with excellent staff and excellent location!

Always a pleasure to stay in a Holiday Inn Express.  They have a good hot breakfast, clean rooms and are conveniently located for whst I want to do

Check in late (slightly after midnight) and the young man at the front desk was great. He was as quick but he was cool and he was funny. It was a refreshing check in experience after a really long day of travel.

Excellent hotel with good views 
And services with very good staff 
Especially at reception because I think first expression is the last expression

We absolutely enjoyed our time here, definitely will be staying here everything I come to Colorado.

The service was exceptional, and the breakfast was outstanding.

I would strongly suggest that you not stay at this hotel as I was there this past weekend and unfortunately there were some issues with the rooms. I booked 4 rooms, one was a handicap room that was to accommodate my dad who is in a wheelchair. Upon arrival the hotel was unable to accommodate any joining rooms or rooms even close to the handicap room. As we were able to work through this issue we went ahead and took my father to his room to get him set for bed. Upon entering the room, it showed no signs of being a handicap room. We struggled to get the wheelchair between the beds and the hallway was very narrow. I decided to double check that I received a handicap room and the front desk assured me that it was. The next day when tending to my father I noticed Icons on the room number placard near the door. The icon on my door showed hearing impaired. The room across the hall showed wheelchair accessible. SOOOO what they said was a lie. I paid for a handicap room and did not receive one. To top this off, my room had little black hairs in the shower. I wore shoes the entire time as that is unacceptable.

So in short, I would never recommend this location or this hotel and I will never be staying here again.

Hotel was clean and secure. Staff was friendly and helpful.

We stayed here while combining things we wanted to do in Boulder and Denver. It was perfect for our needs. The hotel was very comfortable, very clean, and it offered good value. We will stay here again on future trips to this area.

The pool was absolutely disgusting.You couldn't even see the bottom of the pool.It was green and foggy, just disgusting.

This was an excellent location very near the Flatiron mall especially helpful with two 16 year old girls. The water, lemonade and cookies were a nice touch.

Spectacular experience on guest room and breakfast.

Awesome location. Spaciouslly modern Holiday Inn Express with traditional amenities and darn good breakfast. Reasonably priced. Inn is maintained to a ten. Elites recognized.

Excellent stay!! Great location, safe area. Delighted Family of 5 able to find a place to stay that also included breakfast for a very low cost. We decided to arrive a day early for our trip to Estes Park, and found this place online. We were able to see the mountains from our room. The staff was helpful and extra polite!

Thank you!!

We enjoyed staying there! People were great! Would definitely recommend!

Episode Hellas if the Stellar reputation of the IHG chain hotels. Highly recommended.

NOT RECOMENDED!!!!!!!!! The lady and the front got our reservation incorrect, I booked a 2 queen room and was given a single king room, when asked for the room I reserved i was told they were booked and only had a kings suit with a sleeper sofa, then we went to pull the sleeper sofa out it had pee all over it and smelled really  bad!  Don't stay in room 210!!!!! Then when we got to our new room 212 the trash wasn't taken out from previous guests!!!!!!!

I want to give a great shout out to your front desk representative, KUSHUM. I had booked our room for the wrong date and we showed up and she got it all changed and got us in a room without any hassles or complaint. She is extremely confident and has great customer service skills, I cannot say enough how refreshing this was. We deal with many hotel representatives and she most definitely stood out. She is an asset to your company and should be highly regarded. This made our trip very pleasant as it was a last minute trip to see a Buffs game.

Got to check in early, staff was friendly and room was comfortable.

Hotel was fine. Clean and staff was nice. You could hear everything in the halls. Had 2 towels for a 2 queen bed sweet. Had to ask for more towels. We upgraded to the sweet for the pull out couch but had to ask for bedding for the couch. Not a big deal. Staff was very friendly. The pool was horrible. The pool area was horrible. Disgusting. That was the main reason for staying at this hotel. Hot tub was broken.

Room's are decent. It's a decent hotel if nothing else is available.
I have Diamond elite status which isn't the easiest thing to do but they don't care for it.
I tried calling them from 8 pm all the way to 12 am and the phone rang 1 and ended the call.
I finally arrived with my party and didn't get a room upgrade which i understood as the guy told me there wasn't availability, but i had gotten my late check out to 2 pm.
But then i was called at 11:00 am by a pretty rude lady that 1pm was the latest as if it where fault.
So again stay if there's nothing else available, but if you care for status stay at a hyatt, hilton, or marriot especially a hyatt.

I was required to pay an extra amount to be able to cancel without being charged. At least a full night , if not the whole stay. However, it was a very quick reservation and I was very grateful to have a room for every night.I needed

Had a good stay with my family. Very clean and nice hotel. Really loved the breakfast.

We didn't want to stay in Boulder, so we found this hotel to be a great midpoint. Glad we chose it because it was nice and quiet, and they even served cookies and a nice lemonade in the afternoon.

The hotel was very quiet and clean. All of the staff were friendly. This hotel is right next to the mall and food outlets.

2/15-2/16 2 night stay was fabulous!!! This staff rocks!!! Far better then any Holiday Inn Express across america!!! We travel shipping race cars everywhere.  ANTHONY and JACKY were accomodating!!  The cookies, lemonade, breakfast and the gift bag stood out!! This place is amazing!!! We travel here often and BROOMFIELD will now be our hotel for Denver.  THANK YOU!!!!

Nice and clean hotel. Anthony at the desk was very friendly and nice.

Was here with the hockey team, and the staff was very nice and friendly. Very good breakfast.

This was a quick stop before we went up in the mountains. Was a good hotel, very clean, and we enjoyed the breakfast.

My fiancé had a good time. Nice, quiet stay for our Valentine's weekend.

Was here for a hockey tournament my kid was in. Really friendly staff and the breakfast was great. Hopefully, we will be here next year.

Very clean and friendly staff 10 out of 10 no smell clean linen on the beds no bugs and I love the fact no animals are allowed. No offense to anyone with animals I just prefer not to stay at a place where animals are welcome.

Room was clean enough. Amenities were not all available without notice which is an issue for a staycation. Unoccupied room next door alarm went on thru the night

Great stay with nice staff. The bed was really comfortable. Alot to choose from the breakfast.

All aspects of our stay were excellent. From check in to check out the staff was great, amenities were great, room was clean, modern, comfortable and quiet. Would highly recommend this location.

The room was very clean and comfortable but the mattress was extremely soft for us- super sweet staff brought us thicker pillows and towels , etc and the day guy at the desk was so great and helpful when I needed scissors and tape to wrap a gift- however, the young man at the desk early during breakfast was extremely rude and short, seemed totally bothered when I asked a question and seemed to enjoy telling me that the tv can’t be turned on anything but ESPN or weather! No one wants to watch either of those for long, most want to hear the daily news- he definitely needs more training as to how to deal with the public and not act condescending

Had a one-night stay and really enjoyed this hotel; it was very clean and quiet.

This was a newer hotel in a new section of Broomfield.  It was very convenient to Louisville and our family, as well as Denver, Boulder and Golden. Very nice accommodations, breakfast was filling, very helpful staff. Only downside was the hot tub was not working.

We were recommended to this hotel by a friend of ours, and boy, did it work out great. Very clean and loved the breakfast. Also, the bean coffee 24 hrs is awesome. We will definitely be back.

Had a great stay with the family. We were there to gather for a family homegoing service, and the hotel staff were very comforting and kind during our stay.

The family really enjoyed the stay. Nice breakfast spread, also, was great the hotel was right next to the mall area.

This hotel is tucked away and is a gem. Very good breakfast, and it's nice, quiet, and clean. For this building to be here, overshadowed by all the new apartment complexes, the staff here is just amazing. We will definitely return.

This is a quick stop, rest night on the way to the mountains. Have to say this was a nice stay. Loved the cookies, we will more than likely stop here on our way back. Keep the smiles.

Really had an awesome stay. Great breakfast and awesome staff. Anthony was very nice. Loren checked us in what a sweet doll she was. I will be staying here again for sure.

The family really enjoyed our stay. The staff was very friendly, and the hotel was nice and clean. Really comfortable beds.

Anthony at check-in was great and friendly. Breakfast was very good, and I really enjoyed the bean coffee.

The stay was really great. We will stay at this hotel again when we travel to Broomfield. The price was perfect, and breakfast was great. I would recommend this hotel to family and friends.

Had a really good stay. Really enjoyed the quiet and cleanliness of the hotel. Everyone was friendly, I was able to leave my car and hop on the bus to Downtown Denver.

Good staff and friendly the hotel is clean and respectful rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable pillows are very nice

Nice stay out here in the Broomfield area. The hotel is next to a lot of food places and the mall. Very clean hotel.

Really enjoyed my stay and the cookies. Clean place and very comfortable bed.

Had to come for a medical visit, and this hotel was astonishing in a good way. It sits in a quiet location, the staff are friendly, and the place is clean. Will be back

Really had a good stay, the room was very clean, the reception was very friendly, and nice at check-in. I would definitely recommend this property as it's the in between to Boulder and Denver. Every staff member we interacted with was friendly, nice, and happy. Really great vibe.

This was a great stop over on our trip, the hotel was clean and very nice, staff were friendly and helpful. Our room had a king size bed and it was very spacious and the bed was very comfortable. I really appreciate the soft and firm options for pillows.

Was intown for a wrestling tournament. Really enjoy the hotel, very accommodating.

Really enjoyed the stay. Very quiet and nice. Enjoyed the pool area and the fitness center.

Came not knowing what to expect, but the hotel was great. Was here for my kids' hockey tournament. The hotel was very clean and had a variety of breakfast options.

This was a very good stay. Great breakfast, clean place, and friendly people.

Very quiet and clean, would highly recommend great product for the right price.

Was here a few days for local work, really close to everything I needed to do. Very nice breakfast and very clean.

The hotel was very clean and accommodating. Staff very friendly the place was nice and quiet.

Had a great stay this weekend. Very nice staff and clean place.

Arrived to hotel to check in and no one was at the desk.  Another customer came in as well and no one came to the desk.  We had to go back to the office behind the front desk to find the employee sound asleep- feet up and headphones in.  We had to shake the employee awake.  
Hot tub - same temp as the pool.  
I was not acknowledged as a Silver-elite member. 
Not the same experience we have had so many times before.  I will be looking for a new place to stay when I am in town.

Had a really fantastic stay at the Holiday Inn Broomfield. Very clean hotel and very nice people who work there.

I enjoyed the stay and had a really nice time. Nice clean place.

Enjoyed my stay. Had a very nice breakfast spread. Would definitely stay here again

Really enjoyed the stay. Breakfast was wonderful with the options. The cleanliness of the hotel and room was a plus.

Our stay was for 7 nights during the week of Christmas. We arrived early on day 1 and was told a $100 charge would be placed on our credit card for each night as a precautionary hold, but would be refunded after our stay. Considering we were staying for a long period of time this amount really concerned us without prior notification. After checking in we got settled and then headed out for the evening. We received a text message from management that animals are not allowed in their rooms. They had reports of a dog barking in our room and when the manager went by our room they could hear it barking. We didn't bring a dog so this was very concerning. They told us a $250 charge was being placed on our card since we brought a dog in. We responded to the text message from management and informed them we didn't have a dog and they can go in our room to double check. We rushed back to the hotel to also make sure a dog wasn't placed in our room. Upon arrival we received another message saying management rechecked the floor and our room and no dog was found. Before we made it back to also check the $250 charge had already went through to our card (and is still pending 7 days later). This was very aggravating as they went off of reports instead of waiting for approval to check and make sure it wasn't us. Once we made it up to our room we heard the dog they were referring to which was 5 doors down. This was definitely a rough way to start our extended stay.

The next suggestion I would recommend is better parental supervision of children 12 and under. Every day we were there a family with multiple children would come down to breakfast. Some days with parents and some days without-- these children were ranging from 6 to 9 years old. There were multiple incidents at the breakfast counter where they were unattended. These children were overfilling the drink dispenser, one child took napkins off another lady's tray as she was preparing food, and/or using the pancake machine with no parents around (not even downstairs with them). This was happening almost every morning.

During the last two evenings of our stay a group of young boys were running up and down the stairs and then sprinting down the hallways--hiding in between doorways to prevent getting caught. This was close to midnight and again they were with no parents. The following day the same group of young boys were down in the pool without supervision--definitely under the age of 14 per the sign posted on the wall. They were running back and forth between the hot tub and then jumping into the 3-4½ foot pool near our family. We made the best of our pool time, but also very concerning had one of them slipped and fell.

Our room was great, customer service was always available, and our kids loved breakfast.

This location is close to a Walmart and a mall. If you are looking for family restaurants look near Northglenn-plenty of options.

I would definitely stay here again in the future. I hope management takes this review into consideration about unsupervised children as a safety concern in the future.

Positive: Helpful staff.  Good breakfast options. Negative: ""

The room was nice and clean the staff was friendly. my only complaint was that we came as a family with kids who really wanted to enjoy the pool and hot tub area. the pool was dirty looking and the hot tub was broken and unusable. super bummer to these parents after an almost 8 hour drive! other than that over all good experience

Couldn't have been happier with our stay! Cheyenne and the whole staff were so kind to our group and our stay for 13th birthday for our son! Thank you for going the extra mile to make it special 💚

Stay was nice.  There was water and snacks to purchase.  The pool could use some attention.

The Wi-Fi in this hotel is absolute garbage. It kicks you off while using your phone every ten minutes.

There was a few small issues like the sink was not running and I had to manually open the valves. Small conmetic issues but other than that this was a wonderful stay

Easy access to airport, to Boulder and to Denver - Starbucks across street, restaurants nearby- room was clean, comfortable and quiet

A great stay from start to finish. The reception team was welcoming and efficient. The room was comfortable, quiet, and nicely decorated. The location made it easy to explore the area. Perfect for both business and leisure trips.

It really is a great hotel in a great calm quiet area. If you’re staying for short term highly recommended. If you’re a business traveler staying long term, I would pick somewhere else. Their billing is not business travel friendly at all and makes no accommodations. Only IHG I’ve ever been in that refused to make any accommodations

I really loved my experience here. The ambiance was relaxing, and the hotel maintained a high level of cleanliness. The team was polite, professional, and always ready to assist. Highly recommended for both business and vacation trips.

Everything you need, nothing you don't. Good price and location, clean rooms, continental breakfast.

All the staff were helpful, friendly and accommodating. The food was great.  The rooms were clean.  Would definitely stay here again and recommend to anyone especially families traveling here.

What an amazing stay at your property. Enjoyed the bed and the brownies and cookies, and the lemonade.

The stay was great. It's between Denver and Boulder. The fact that we were able to visit our daughter and then return to our nice, quiet, and clean room to relax was a highlight. Also, the breakfast lady, Sandra, loved her.

Really enjoyed our stay. The staff are very friendly, and you can really tell everyone enjoys their job. We always saw smiles from each person we ran into. I will recommend my other family and friends to stay here. So close to Boulder. Anthony at the desk was very helpful.

We really enjoyed our stay. The hotel is a hidden gem and is surrounded by some shopping areas and a mall. Enjoyed the cookies. Shyann at the desk was really friendly and nice.

I liked the friendliness of the staff, as well as the cleanliness of the hotel. Breakfast had a great selection of items. Shyann and Lauren, we will remember them as they were very friendly. The brownies, my son couldn't stop eating them, very delicious. We look forward to coming back again later this month.

I stay here when I visit my mother in Boulder. I like the location. Starbucks across the street, King Soopers nearby. Nice walking nearby, right from the hotel. 

My first stay I was on the 3rd floor. This time, I was on the first floor. For security reasons, that's not my usual choice, but it worked out well. I heard no noise, not even trucks leaving at the crack of dawn. The hotel offered to move me, but I stayed and liked being so close to my car. 

The breakfast is fresh and has lots of options. (I am on a long trip and this was the best breakfast of all.)

I visited Boulder, Niwot, and Longmont, which are very accessible from the hotel. Denver would be as well. I met some guests from France who drove to Garden Of the Gods and back. I think I would have changed hotels so less time in the car.

It was a good stay. The TikTok kids could have let us sleep longer, but the staff handled it as best as they could. The pumpkin cookies and brownies were a HIT.

That stay was great. I booked the wrong room type, and the front desk person had no issues changing it for me. Also very good breakfast selection and a clean public area.

I like that the hotel was actually clean. The fresh cookies and brownies always hit the mark. We will be back for sure, as my daughter is now in school at CU.

Really enjoyed my stay. The staff was very friendly and the bed was really comfortable.

We went to a concert at the Fox Theater in Boulder on The Hill. This location was 15 minutes away and fantastic for what we wanted. This is a quiet area with shopping, food, and everything you need within a short drive. The staff and quality of hotel was great.

Dirty toilet and sheets after checking in. Left hotel for a family gathering, notified front desk of issues. Returned later that evening and nothing had been handled. Went to front desk and all they could/would do was hand us sheets so we could change our own. We cleaned up the toilet with a paper towels. No manager available at checkout to talk with, so here we are!!! Not good

Very nice stay, enjoyed the room and the cleanliness of the hotel.

A very clean, and comfortable room, and the breakfast is amazing.  I would mention that the walls are paper thin and the room smells.

I enjoyed the quietness of the room. Also, the fresh cookies and the nice and friendly staff.

The hotel was spotless and smelled good. Had an excellent breakfast selection and some gluten-free Items. Will visit again for sure. The staff was very friendly everyone we ran into was nice and had a smile on their faces.

Great location to Flat Irons, Park, Airport, lots to explore plus plenty of eateries and shopping close by.  
Breakfast was awesome, beds were great and this location is a great base to explore the area.

A very clean hotel. The rooms were nice. The bed okay

Chambre très confortable.
Très bon breakfast.

Amazing as always..

Everyone was welcoming and helpful. Easy check in and out.

I had a wonderful stay, very nice staff, and a quiet work area. Also enjoyed the cookies.

Really, the staff here makes the stay. Everyone from the front desk and the maintenance, and the housekeeping staff. Adrianna, the housekeeping executive, introduced herself to me while on the floor and told me that if I needed anything while staying, to ask for her. Anthony at check-in was so nice. Sandra at breakfast is so sweet. The staff here made the stay.

I booked the room for one prize for one night and the other two nights. I assumed was the same rate. I didn't see anything on the website that said it was going to be a higher rate. And when I checked out, got my bill got home reviewed. It found this out called asking for an explanation.
The price to be adjusted to my check-in rate. No, good answer got referred to the diamond desk. They couldn't help if this is holiday in's new way or just as a particular property in Broomfield, Colorado I don't know.

The inside looks newer. Bright colors, hot coffee in the breakfast area. Very helpful and friendly staff.

Really enjoyed this stay, nice and clean place. Very friendly staff and Maint man David, was nice each time he saw us.

The quiet environment and cleanliness of the hotel. Very friendly staff and the cookies are a chef kiss.

Excellent all the way around!! Best staff and Breakfast ever

Our stay here was a nice experience. The front desk people were nice. the room was clean, bed was comfortable. Their breakfast was great. Lots to choose from, biscuits and gravy, cheese omelet , sausage, scrambled eggs, pancakes. It was nice to see a good continental breakfast. We would stay here again. Free parking.

Was a great stay no problems at all would recommend for anyone is near lots of highways east to get around

The room was great and the staff were super friendly. From my interactions with Michael at the front desk and David, who assisted me with an issue, he always said good morning and greeted us whenever he saw us in the hallway.

Highly recommend! The property and room were extremely clean and the staff was friendly. Breakfast had plenty of options. Close to plenty of restaurants and things to do. We would stay here if we pass through the area again.

The hotel is clean, the rooms are large, and the breakfast was quite tasty. The price was a great value. The pool was a plus. The location was good and the area was quite. The staff was nice. I'll be back.

Nice new hotel in quiet residential neighborhood. Coffee, pizza, wine available nearby

Had a wonderful stay. The building and room were clean, and the lobby smelled fresh. Like the variety of breakfast foods. I am coming back during the wintertime, really looking forward to seeing the nice, friendly staff that we encountered again during this stay.

My family really had a great stay here. This place was nice and clean, and the staff was wonderful

Absolutely love this hotel.  Great location ....close to everything you need.   Rooms are very clean and the front desk staff is amazing.  Would highly recommend!

Positive: The desk staff was friendly and so helpful. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Negative: No

Close to boulder downtown. Clean hotel with really good breakfast

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I was pleasantly  surprised  by everything during our stay.   The hotel was very clean and tidy.  Staff on check in were friendly.   Breakfast was good, the pancake machine was a treat.   The location close to the freeway, yet far enough away that we couldn't hear it.    A nearby nature preserve made for a nice morning walk.

Friendly helpful staff, very clean accommodations, good breakfast, convenient location.

One front desk representative has a problem with a card I’ve used multiple times and won’t let me use it for the most recent stay. Ok, fine I’ll use a different card. I go out of my way being homeless to use a different card that is a credit card and reports to the credit bureaus that isn’t activated, reactivate it only to find out that card doesn’t meet this specific front desk representatives requirements. At this point I felt discriminated and she just didn’t want me to stay there after paying for multiple nights but she wanted to nitpick the cards I was using on file after no one has an issue with these cards. Terrible front desk service and experience and will rather sleep in the dugout of a baseball field again before I stay here or recommend anyone staying here.

Room are clean. Michael was great but the lady when we arrived said she couldn’t accept my Goldman Sachs Mastercard because was third party card. Clearly she was very discriminating against me since I started calling IHG, she got “her manager” on the phone that said it was okay for her to accept the physical card or the Apple Pay version of it.

Great location, about 10 minutes from CU.  Quiet.  Staff is very helpful and friendly.

The Holiday Inn express Inn Broomfield, Colorado is approximately 10 to 15 minutes from Boulder. If you find the hotel prices too expensive in Boulder look at this hotel is an option. If you have a car, you can get to Boulder within about 15 minutes. If you had to Uber, it would become expensive.

The room was clean and there was a hot breakfast. I recommended that they change up the offering items for the breakfast because if you stay there longer than a day or two, you look for a couple of new food items to eat.

The staff is pleasant enough.

The pool and Jacuzzi need to be better maintained.

Overall, I would stay there again.

Hotel looks nice and clean, but if your purpose is to sleep, look for another one. Thin paper walls feels like you have your room neighbours inside yours. And if you have people above, it’s even worst

We have stayed at this Holiday Inn Express three times in the past five years. Front desk service has always been great. They were able to accommodate us with a quiet room. All representatives of this Holiday Inn are fabulous! We had one very minor issue a couple of years ago when we were trying to check in very late at night (probably our fault though).

From this hotel it is very convenient to the US highway that goes northwest to Boulder. We've always found plenty of parking around the perimeter of the property. Property is well lit too.

You can't go wrong booking this Holiday Inn!

Please you guys have to do better you are losing the purpose of a great night's sleep model from your company, toilet that doesn't flush that you can hear all night running bathtub that doesn't drain, trash around the side of the beds. Terrible

Clean and friendly staff, Great location . Good breakfast ,lots of choices. The staff was super helpful and gave lots of good information. Rooms had a fresh feeling and look.

You get great customer, awesome people work here. The corporate mindset may be at work here as there was stuff on the pillow cases. It seemed like a oil or grease stain 2 different pillows, the ones under the main one.

From check-in to check-out, my entire stay was excellent! The staff were very kind, friendly and professional! The hotel lobby was decorated nicely and very inviting. My room was very clean and comfortable. I enjoyed the fitness center and breakfast each morning. Thank you for your attention to even the smallest details!

Everything is exceptional

Clean and spacious rooms

I enjoyed my stay here. The staff that we encountered was amazing. I was very amazed at how quick and efficient the staff attended to any of my questions or requests.

I really had a wonderful time at the hotel. The room was very clean and very spacious.

Enjoyed my stay there. The hotel is right in the area where everything is. Will visit again when I have to come back up for work-related reasons.

This Holiday Inn separates itself from others. I was taken aback by how clean and nice the staff are.

Really enjoyed my stay, nice and clean, HI I have ever been to.

The family liked the breakfast options for the room and the cookies, and the cleanliness of the hotel.

This was a very busy stay, as kids were there for a tournament, and the staff was very accommodating. Very clean hotel, and the staff we encountered were all nice. Jacky at the desk was super nice. I also appreciated the person who cleaned our room, his name was Javier cleaned it very well and respected our items. We will be back.

Great view and nice room. One of the beds was worn out on one side. The other bed was good. Other than that the room was clean and roomy.

Staff is very helpful, breakfast fresh and free, Love the pool, room is very clean. Overall a very nice vacation with a lot of shopping centers nearby. Definitely will come back to this hotel, coming from California it was very nice to see that they don't charge for parking.

Anthony he is so nice jacky also was very nice and professional. You can really tell they are trained proffessionally.

Good place to stay if ur down that way I really don’t have anything else to say I don’t care for this to leave 50 characters tho I guys can cut this part off if u can no need for this part so u guys all have a great day

The hotel is in a nice area where you can see the mountains and get work done quietly in your room.

The staff that I encountered at the hotel were all great, however, Lauren was amazing during check-in.

This was a great stay for me and my family, the place was very clean and the staff were very accommodating and friendly. Will be back in the coming months.

I really enjoyed my stay here, not many smaller hotels are clean, and nice people are working there. I look forward to coming again next time I'm in town.

unbelievable service!!  Michael went out of his way to help me when I needed to stay longr due to a fmily emergency!

Only a family vacation. I really enjoyed the property and had a relaxing time. The staff was wonderful.

Very helpful front desk. Customer washer and dryer onsite. Clean rooms and items for purchase if snacks, toiletries, etc are needed.

Modern, spacious hotel with plenty of amenities included at a reasonable price. Simple, easy check in. Room was comfortable and clean. Pool was older with chipping paint on the sides. Breakfast was delicious and lots of choices.

We stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Broomfield while attending graduation activities.
Everything went very smoothly from check in to check out.
A couple of our night's sleep were a little challenging due to a 'romper-stomper'in the room above us. The young man at the front desk was very understanding and did request the occupants try to curb the young one's enthusiasm.
Definitely want the management to know that Anthony Arellano was very understanding and did his best to assist us.

My stay was wonderful. I would like to give a thank you to the General Manager, Michael, who addressed me and my childs needs for wanting gluten-free options for breakfast. We were so worried that we would not have options, but he made sure that from muffins to cereal to bread, we could eat something. The staff was wonderful!

I had a great stay here. It was close to Boulder where I was working. They had more breakfast items than most hotels I've stayed in. Workers were very friendly and helpful.

This was our second stay at this location.  They left a favorable impression on us with our initial stay, so of course I booked here again for this most recent visit. The staff were very willing to help when we required their assistance and other than our A/C unit not really conditioning the air so much as blowing it around, we found the room met our needs.  The water pressure in the shower was adequate without abrading off the outer layers of skin.  The bed linens were fresh and the pillows malleable to our needs.  This is our go-to hotel for our trips to CO.

The facility is relatively new, is well maintained and very clean. We had two rooms and all guests were pleased with the experience.

Would definitely stay here again in the future.

It was a late-night one-night stay while passing through. You never know about these hotels, but I was very impressed on how clean it was and the professionalism of the person who checked me in, Michael What a great guy.

The entire hotel was clean, staff was helpful and friendly. We had a 4 family gathering. We would meet in the lobby for breakfast and visit, plan our day. Lots good eateries near. Good location to stay.

This hotel is beautiful! We were greeted kindly, there were fresh cookies! The breakfast was amazing, the breakfast potatoes...chefs kiss! The hotel is located very close to Denver and to Estes Park. The pool was clean as were the rooms! Definitely will be coming back!

Very nice place and friendly staff.

VERY CLEAN & NICE

The hotel was fine but few places closeby to eat. Louisville, CO (about 8 min away) has good restaurants.

I really enjoyed my stay. The cleanliness of the hotel is very refreshing, and I can definitely tell the employees there appreciate their job. Anthony was very nice at check-in. It seems like Michael was on every shift. he was silly with my kids again, you can tell the appreciation of his job going above and beyond. We for sure will definitely be back during the summer.

I enjoyed my stay at a very nice, clean hotel. There were plenty of good breakfast options. Michael at the desk was very friendly; he ensured my family's stay was pleasant.

Wonderful time with great and helpful service and a clean and quiet room. Excellent value for the fashionable location. Breakfast was fresh and with plenty of selections. Safe and well lit parking next the the building entrance.

The staff was always friendly and helpful. My room was taken care of well and if I had extra requests, they were taken care of right away. The bed was comfortable, and the room temperature was easily controlled. It was also very quiet in this part of town. I loved my stay at this hotel and will come back. I visit twice a year and this will be where I choose to stay. Thank you all!

Me My family and I enjoyed the stay. We were here for our daughter's softball tournament, and the hotel was very accommodating.

The staff was very helpful and worked very hard to accommodate my allergy needs! The hotel is clean, comfortable and convenient! The manager Michael is very conscientious and cares about guests having a quality experience. I highly recommend this hotel if you’re ever in Denver.

Positive: Breakfast Negative: Key card battery was dead and locked us out of room and they had to break in on door some damage

Clean, excellent breakfast, rooms are comfortable. Best Value

Nice, quiet, and clean. Breakfast had great options and Oat Milk. I was happy to see Michael put out those warm cookies; very friendly person.

The room s clean and spacious.  I like the furnitures in the room, such as lift-top coffee table, the couch is clean and comfortable, the color is beautiful.

It's a great place, nice and quiet. I could do some work in the lobby and enjoy the fresh cookies that come out in the late afternoon. Michael, who checked me in, was nice and friendly and smiled a lot. Refreshing to get someone who enjoyed his job.

The stay was wonderful. The front desk and housekeeping staff were all friendly. Michael was great. He greeted me with a big smile while my family and I were having breakfast, and then to later find out he was the manager was even more wonderful.

This was a very good hotel.  We enjoyed our stay a lot.  I would stay at this hotel again.  Some of the strengths were customer friendliness, room comfort, bed comfort and bathroom.  I would recommend this hotel for any situation

Excellent hotel, location and staff. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. It's perfect for a family vacation hotel or a business stay. The breakfast spread was fantastic. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. We will stay here again.

Positive: "" Negative: Didn?t have room I booked but said that we could get a roll away bed brought to our room. The front desk called after we got to the room and said they didn?t have any roll away beds either.

Great hotel. The staff was warm and welcoming during check in and check out. Hotel was clean and comfortable. Excellent stay

We had a wonderful experience at the Broomfield, CO property: the hotel is sparkling clean, the staff is efficient, cheerful, helpful and just wonderful. I have a terrible allergy to feather pillows, and the staff came to the room and removed the pillows for us - I had zero allergy problems, thanks to their help. They offered to do that, and dashed right up and did it. 

This property is very well-located too. We had to attend functions in Boulder, CO and found that we were able to get where we needed fast and easy.

Will definitely stay here again.

Had a relaxing weekend here and the breakfast was some of the best. The pool area could use some more love, as well as the on-site gym. A few areas that needs improvement and modernizing, such as the TV and HVAC system in the room, but other than that, our stay was enjoyable!

Was in town for a teen kids tournament and it was just a nice stay from the check-in to the morning breakfast. I really felt like I was home, and the hotel was clean and clean. The staff are all friendly.

I enjoyed my stay. I was there for business with my company for trainings and things were great. A good variety for breakfast also.

My stay at this location was an enjoyable experience. The lobby area and the room were both clean and the noise level was low. I do wish the breakfast hours started a little earlier on the weekends, as I was not able to get food before I needed to leave.

I rarely fill out surveys but this hotel is one of my favorites. The staff is always friendly the hotel is always clean and you get a piece of mind while relaxing at the hotel.

They sadly do not allow dogs.
Our pillow had blood marks all over it.

We have stayed here for the last time sadly as the location is great.

Great Stay ..............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

I stayed in Broomfield for business.  It is a very convenient location.  The room was large and bed very comfortable.  If I go to Broomfield for business again (I hope so!) I will definitely stay here.

This hotel is in a nice location, a very quiet area. The customer service is wonderful

i liked this hotel, the laundry services are convenient. I wish there was netflix and the treadmills worked but overall the breakfest is good, staff is helpful, and I like staying here. Also it would be great if we were able to rollover our points if we want to extend our stay but according to the IHG app we have to wait 5 business days.

Pleasant experience. Great service and child friendly environment. We enjoyed our stay with 9 months old baby.

Super appreciate the staff for being fast friendly and welcoming. He hotel is always clean and tidy and I plan to be back here a few more times this year.

I usually stay at another property near here but decided to give this one a chance with the crappy weather over the weekend. I could not have made a better decision. Great location, rooms, Service and breakfast. Although everybody was good tthe stand Out employee was Michael.  he was outstanding And went above and beyond. He is  exceptional.
Thanks for making
This such a great stay Michael, I look forward to seeing you again soon...

The service is great and the people are very friendly.  I would like to mention the lady running breakfast. She greeted is all with good morning.  When my daughter had problems working the pancake machine, this wonderful lady went out of her way and brought out 4 pancakes,  butter,  syrup.  She deserves a raise!

Hotel muy limpio con gran servicio y mucho estacionamiento

I stay at IHG hotels across the country and this was my most unpleasant experience yet in the most unlikely area. When we checked in the counter staff couldn’t get off his phone to help us. He just kept carrying around his phone on speaker. The hot tub was anything but hot. I had the unpleasant experience of using the bathroom in the pool that was the most disgusting, mold filled bathroom I’ve ever seen. There was construction next door that contributed to the noise. Coffee at the breakfast bar was plentiful but vanilla creamer disappeared the first morning never to return. Some breakfast items were bland and mushy. I’ll never stay here again.

I stay with IHG about 5 to 6 months out of the year work and you guys are always consistent, clean, professional and friendly!

Stayed here after a downtown stay failed. IHG hotels could have done better at refunding or finding better cost Accomodation since another one of their hotels failed us, but this hotel was a great and cozy relief after a bad experience in downtown Denver

We stayed 5 nights while our son graduated from U of CO. Our room was spacious, and the staff were friendly. We used the workout room several times. The fresh cookies were an added treat! The location felt very safe and we had quick access to the highway. The breakfast area was spacious as well. It was also close to a mall and several places to eat. We would definitely go back again!

I book with IHG because I know I will get a clean room, comfortable bed, and have stress free stay.

This is located is a very good location & staff is helpful and friendly. Rooms are clean and quiet, high recommend stay here.

Some old lady at the front desk wanted to get smart with me because I asked to use the phone. Second our fridge wasn’t plugged in so none of our beverages were cold the next morning. And there was some nasty mark on the wall. Last the sheets didn’t look very clean.

Reserved two rooms for my grandmothers 70th birthday. Even through airline delays the staff was kind & reassuring that we would be able to settle in when we got there. True to their word we were able to get in & relax in a clean room. Breakfast was nice the next day. We would stay again!

The staff at checkin and all around hotel were so phenomenal and friendly. The hotel is so clean, rooms are clean and comfortable. The breakfast area is well stocked throughout the entire time and cleaned repeatedly. Hotel is in a great location. Quaint, clean area, close to food and stores!

My stay was great as usual at this location. The staff is friendly. My room was clean when I arrived and was nice when I came back each day to a clean room also.

Nice stay in this hotel. The gym room is a bit small with 2 running treadmills out of order but I found out what to do. The pool and jacuzzi was really quiet. Rooms are really good and clean. Last but not least breakfast was also enjoyable! Good place with a nice view on the mountains!

This was a great location, easy to get around and close to shopping and restaurants. Clean facility and friendly staff.

Would be nice to allow streaming services on the TV. For example, allowing log in to Netflix, YouTube TV, etc. Hot tub had too many chemicals and gave me a horrible rash. Other than these 2 things the hotel is a great value, clean and comfortable.

Generally we liked our stay at the Holiday Inn but we had issues with there being no hot water in the room and construction outside our window early in the morning.

DIRTY! DIRTY! DIRTY!
Check EVERYTHING before you relax in your room, absolutely horrendous cleanness conditions.
IHG Clean Promise was not meet!
GM was also 0 help! Offered $20 discount on a $180 rate for a room we left after a few hours as we could not stand the disgust.

I tried to have this situation made right with the GM shake failed, she also blamed her head housekeeper and maintenance for the issues however YOU are the GM and the buck stops with you. You are the leader you set the culture and you have failed. Think it was sad how she so easily threw her team under the bus vs taking responsibility.

I use to stay here quite a bit, NEVER again this property continues to go down hill.

Also the AC is a FIRE hazard.

I would score negative 10 if I could.

Here are photos to prove what I experienced.

The rooms and common areas at this hotel are consistently clean and comfortable. The morning breakfast is adequate and varied and always stocked with plenty of food. My only request would be better tasting coffee.

This location was excellent. The facility is new and has that new smell and features.  The service was good.  The room staff was excellent as was the front desk. The breakfast was adequate, BUT you need to go early as it's not replenished so when the food is gone, it's gone.

I arrived incredibly late (2am) and the staff member who checked me in was still very welcoming and sweet. The room and grounds were clean and welcoming. I will be back!

Good place to stay

Needed to be close to wedding. Close and convenient. No problems. Quick check in/out. Streamed game on WiFi.

Welcoming staff and a well maintained property. Was not disturbed by noises from other guests as the building is well built. A great sitting area for breakfast which is great instead of being crowded into a small area

Everything was amazing, staff was friendly and the room was cleaned from top to bottom! Breakfast was perfect as well!

Stayed 6 days and would have liked a little more variety in breakfast bar day to day. Otherwise excellent value! Place was clean staff was excellent. Parking easy, check-in flawless. Comfortable beds and quiet from hallway noise that is a problem in other hotels.

The location us great with easy access to highway and could use IHG points

Enjoyable stay- great location, terrific breakfasts, very clean dining, lobby and room, super housekeeping staff. A couple of small cosmetic issues in the room. Rate quoted was $154- but found at checkout that was only for my first (Wednesday) evening-  confirm the rate quoted applies to all nights.

The hotel is very close to our HQ offices and our group was there for a business onsite meeting for the week.  The room was very comfortable, and the staff was very friendly.  3 of us arrived early and were allowed to check in and access our rooms early which helped us to get settled early before the events started.

Disgraceful mismanagement and should not be an IHG hotel. Arrived at about 8pm on a Saturday night. Lobby empty but a sign on the desk stating staff were ‘helping other guests’ but to ring the main number and it would transfer to a mobile. So I rang the number. Over and over again. It did not transfer to a mobile. Walked around shouting ‘hello?’ But no response. Eventually some guy appeared saying he’d been sorting a problem. I suspect he had been having a nap. This morning 8am. Same story but we could hear the mobile ringing in the locked office. The 1 person in the kitchen confirmed she was the only member of staff on the premises. One guest needed to check out as they had a 12 hour drive to Oklahoma but had no option but to leave. If the hotel tries to claim they left without paying, this is the reason why. Absolutely shocking. DO NOT STAY HERE.

Nice hotel, seems to number newer. Only reason for slight reduction in stars is the location (for me). Not a whole lot around it. Quick 10 min drive to boulder and much cheaper than staying amin downtown boulder for a CU game.

We loved the location and travelled in all directions from the hotel as a Baden

Do not stay here if you might arrive early or late.  No early check-in unless the person at desk decides to let you.  It's done on a case-by-case basis since I watched him allow some but not others.  Also, lights are off in lobby after certain hours with no one working at the desk.  When we arrived back around 11 pm, the front desk was close.  I have stayed in some cheaaaaap hotels in my younger days and even those could provide round the clock service-but not here.  There are too may options in the general area to put up with the bs at this place. Read some Google revues regarding their billing issues too.   BUYER BEWARE!!!

The hotel's location was convenient for our one-night stay on our way to Boulder. We always like having a mini fridge and breakfast included.

Nice hotel and location is good. I enjoyed the stay.

Very clean and comfortable beds and pillows. The breakfast had hot and cold choices and everything was very good.  Easy to find and close to restaurants. We would definitely stay here again.

Been staying in HIE hotels for 30+ years and this hotel in Broomfield is one of the best. One can tell, it is well managed as the staff is very helpful and courteous. Breakfast staff exceptional as the offers were always warm and serving areas clean.

For starters, the hotel would not let me spend points I earned through them which is ridiculous and no one can explain why.

Secondly, we are traveling with two young kids and chose this specifically because of 1) having points for the room and 2) THE POOL. No one told us at booking that one of the main amenities the hotel offers, is closed. Went down to the desk to ask for a manager and not only was none available to discuss the points, but none is here AT ALL today to discuss the pool issue. Paying full price for rooms without the biggest amenity is not ethical from a business standpoint. I tried booking through the IGH app and it claimed the hotel was no allowing points to be used to book the room.

It was a great place to stay for my family 3 day vacation

I really appreciate the management and staff helping me recover my passport that I left in my room. They promptly secured my passport, gave me instructions to email a shipping label, and shipped it. Thank you!

This is my very first google review ever, and I would give negative stars if I could.

First, I will state that the stay itself was pleasant, the rooms and breakfast options nice.

After that it goes steeply downhill. I was charged twice for a 4-night stay, and on calling the hotel was told I had two rooms booked through separate bookings. Incorrect, I only have evidence of one booking, and never received any information or service for this second supposed booking. I was told a refund would need to be given by the manager, who was not available. Over repeated calls and email over the course of more than a week I was never able to get in touch with the manager or have them return my messages. Apparently the manager is only on site once every two weeks if I was being told the truth. I proceeded to contact the corporate office, who first could not locate any stay for me at this location, but then also found two and told me to contact another booking party.  Of course the other party had no record of this second booking or charge since it came from the hotel itself. I have now disputed the charge with my credit card, and even that has been denied and I am working through another investigation.

Unless you feel like rolling the dice on spending twice as much as you agreed to and enduring weeks of frustrating calls, stay FAR away.

Try to do a little get away for my daughter and get here and the pool is close

Had construction but refused to make them move the port potty from 20' hotel breakfast patio.  Had to leave.

It was a very nice stay. The bed, pillows, sheets were wonderful. I had the best night's sleep while there.

This place worked perfectly for us as we were in town for a wedding and had a few different places to go to see family.
The location made it easy to get to where we needed throughout the weekend. The room we had was great. Workers were friendly.

Traveled to Boulder for a CU Football Game and wanted a more economical hotel for my stay.  This hotel was a good alternative.  It is relatively new, well appointed and is close to Boulder, a quick 15 minute drive with easy access to the highway.  There are plenty of good restaurants nearby as well.||The breakfast was standard but glad to have it.  There is construction on the north side of the hotel, so request a room facing the front for the next 6 months or so.||The only thing to complain about are to bath towels, like drying off with sandpaper!!

This is a nice, quiet location. Even though there were multiple families with small children and at least one family with a dog, we were not disturbed by sounds of other guests while in our room. This indicates that attention was paid to sound isolation in the construction of the location. We also greatly appreciated the presence of low-carb high-protein breakfast options.

Quiet and clean. Nice price for tourists.

Comfortable bed.  Good breakfast.  Not happy with anything else.  My stay should have been relaxing as Iwas out there to see my two sons and you just added stress to my stay.  I will not come back to this holiday inn ever again

Location was good was close to all amenities, I was wanting to do I would come back to this location in the future

Moving teenager into UC Boulder with lots of bags. Front desk staff stored multiple bags before official check in so we had the car to go buy even more stuff for the dorm room. Everything was kept safe. Really appreciated the help in storing bags that eventually went to the dorm room.

Nice Holiday Inn Express in Boulder/Broomfield area.  No issues with the hotel itself but there is still a lot of contraction around it, making getting in and out a little harder then it will be,

It's ran as a small hotel with minimal staff. No front check-in personnel when we arrived. Had to wait a bit before they came up to the counter from back. 

The cleaning folks didn't speak English and couldn't understand our requests to come back after 11am.

The pool was freezing and the hot tub wasn't working.

Construction workers were parking on property leaving nails and other debris which was a hazard for guests. Couldn't open windows as they were sitting and eating against the wall under our window.

Some major disappointments of management and staff handling of safety and security of our room during our stay. Our room door would not lock securely, the lights and coffee maker and refrigerator did not work, but the breakfast was consistently good.!

Clean bathroom. Spacious room. Absolutely no noise filtering, I could hear sounds above me and on both sides. Phones buzzing, music, and conversation til well after midnight (I had work callls at 5 am three days in a row). When I checked in, i told them I wanted a top floor away for elevator for noise prevention, they said oh, we usually book business people on the top floor, I told them I was here for business (corp rate) and they said, they had a room on the third floor, I said please don’t put me under running toddler. Guess what I got the last night? A running screaming crying kid above me. 
Room was very clean and shower had good water pressure. Breakfast was decent, average for IHG. Clean and good quantities. No alcohol in the market  shop, if that matters to you. Lobby and breakfast were spacious and clean. Staff seemed new/in training. No recognition of status (which only matters if they will get me quiet room or to my preferences, but some locations Gold matters more). No electronic keycards or digital check in or check out at this location.

Needless to say our stay was not a pleasant one. Upon arrival there was no one in the lobby to check us in. At 9pm there was a sign they were making breakfast and to call a number. We called 4 times and waited over 15 mins for someone to appear. The rooms were in sub par condition especially for a new hotel.  We were asked to move rooms halfway through our stay due to a plumbing issue. The breakfast was an issue each day. For example, You would ask for oats to be added to the oatmeal and more water was added. We had to go to the front desk after several others complained and the issue was not resolved as the staff continued to add milk and water to what was already watered down oats.  Due to the issue at check in we informed the front desk on our last day that we needed to check out at 2am for our flight and were told not a problem and to come to the desk since it’s manned 24/7. Upon checkout we waited over 10 minutes, called multiple times etc with no response.

Well it would be nice to have a clean room. The room was not cleaned. The pull out couch still had bedding sheets, blankets from a previous customer/ guest with trash under it. The breakfast was good.

Front desk was understaffed, AC & water pressure was insufficient, good value for the area, clean & safe.

What a fantastic hotel! It felt like someone who has actually spent a lot of time in hotels actually designed these rooms with well thought out features and layout. The hotel was exceptionally clean and welcoming.

Hotel had no body soap, toothpaste or toothbrush despite advertising these items were available. Staff said they had none available in the hotel.  The alarm clock numbers didn’t work and the staff said they were in the process of ordering more.

nicely decorated, clean rooms and breakfast area, free parking

We stayed here on the 4th of August. When we finally got to go to bed and get under the blankets there was as what looked like blood on the comforter. I went down to the front desk to let them know they gave me a fresh comforter. That was ok beside not hearing from a manager or ANYONE about this situation. If you have a chance please stay away from hotel you can also never get ahold of anyone at the hotel from the phone number given it just rings and rings. The front desk clerk was great and apologetic I appreciate that. Not hearing from anyone is what upsets me I also sent an email with no response.

Forget trying to get a hold of anyone even the so called owners that leave the number on reviews for you to call all it has is extension numbers to people and no one answered there either. Even sent emails to them and nothing just crickets. They will NOT try anything to make it right even tho there was blood on the comforter. Please stay away from this place spend a little more money for a better place that actually cares about their customers and would do anything to make it right.

This is a result of not getting a room that I specifically made reservations for and was told that 12,500 points is the best that could be done.

I was really happy with the hotel itself - clean, modern, well appointed, witg excellent staff and coffee machine in the room. The breakfast was very poor but other than that it was all good. While the hotel was really nice, unfortunately there were some very noisy guests - this lead to lots of shouting and running around the corridors, continuing throughout our stay. The front desk staff helped address this issue, but it was not the best experience - unfortunately, bad guests stay in all hotels!

Very pleased with our stay. The bathroom was clean and modern and the beds were very comfortable. Breakfast is always a plus at Holiday Inn Express and the cinnamon rolls are always a highlight of our stay.

For a Newer Hotel in the Interlocken area it is not the best value. Same Breakfast EVERY day, the only change is the Style of Sausage you get scrambled eggs sit in water basically showing they are boiled in a bag and dumped in the pan! Both the Hot Tub and Pool are down again but the Roof wasn’t leaking into the Lobby this trip! When you ask when bacon will be for Nreakfast they ALWAYS SAY “Tomorrow”!

飯店不錯但有時房間清理有點慢，直到下午4:30才完成。有提供customer laundry ，對長期出差很有幫助

Very close to Boulder and hiking trails. It was clean and in a good location. I recommend it.

It's a bed. Let's not get too excited.

Check in was pretty quick but after finding a leaking toilet in our first room the staff was hesitant to switch our room until I demanded a new one. They downgraded us from a suit that was not very clean and still charged us the same amount. Then I took my kids down to the pool and it was so gross, we couldn’t even see to the bottom of the shallow end. We were very disappointed. Would not recommend.

This hotel fit all of our needs. The desk staff was super friendly and helpful. Location is in a great neighborhood. It had everything necessary for a quality stay. Directly between Boulder and Denver so easy access to many Colorado destinations. Highly recommend!

Tried to cancel due to flight cancel on July 19, Microsoft issue that all flight canceled. But, hotel not answer phone nor help. No call back when asked. Refused to answer phone call. Called IHG, they said will help. But, no one did.

Our stay was great. The property is clean, quiet, and safe. It is also close to Starbucks and the mall. I would recommended this locations again. We did not have breakfast. I did not have an option for n/a on the question.

I really recommend this hotel our stay was great friendly staff and very cleanness

This was a great loc and and very comfortable beds

Everything was clean and in order. Breakfast was ok.

Everything about the hotel has been wonderful. The people that work here are friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and the hotel smells clean also! There are two things the hotel can improve on and that is the swimming pool area is filthy. A good sweep and a pool cleaning would be awesome (hair on the floor and blue paint chips). The hot tub is broken and totally yuck. It’s grey! According to other reviews, it’s been over a month that it’s been down. The pool is freezing. The second thing is the gym. All treadmills are down. Bummer cause my daughter and I wanted to get a run in. I would give all five stars but gym and pool need some desperate attention. People and breakfast are great!

The bed was so comfortable it was really hard to get out of bed ! Literally sleeping on a cloud . And wifi was the best , didn't have any issues , no slow connections or buffering . BIG PLUS !

Our stay was just OK. The staff were friendly and the hotel was comfortable but is in need of a refresh. The pool area was obviously recently repainted but the paint was either not applied properly or not intended for pool use so it is flaking badly all around the pool. The hot tub was ice cold and the knob to turn it on was missing. I’m guessing it is broken. Breakfast was good and the room was OK. The bathroom area needs some fixing up as the tiles were uneven.

Great location, friendly staff.  Easy access to local restaurants and stores.

Hot tub is cold and so is pool no heaters or jets in there heated pool

One final thing to share I read the reviews and much the same issues over and over again.  Maybe instead of "Response from the owner

We are sorry to hear your stay was not satisfactory. We appreciate the feedback on the room condition and pool area. Thank you for staying with us."

Maybe  something like we had pool cleaned had the  contractors  not park and leave stuff around or facility and we refunded  your stay cause we lied to get your business. Or a vouchers to try again.  Don't bother with the platitudes and make no effort to correct  the issues.

Amazing breakfast. Easy check in even when your late. I love these hotels. Haven't made it to this ones pool yet. But I will. The lady that works in the morning is kind of unwelcoming.

Easy access, great service, excellent breakfast. Good rooms, clean beds, nice ambiance. Easy to check-in and check-out.

Hotel is nice. It was clean, front desk person was polite and efficient. However, the jacuzzi, both treadmills and restroom hand dryer didn’t work. I went with the idea that I could workout and relax in the jacuzzi, but wasn’t able. Wasn’t able to upload videos of me trying to turn on jacuzzi or hand dryer.

Convenient location. This hotel is clean and the beds are comfortable

Good solid choice for a hotel in the Denver area. The staff was friendly and welcoming (even at 1am when we checked in). The beds were comfortable and rooms were nice. The complimentary breakfast was great several choices of eggs, sausage, pancakes, biscuits and gravy, oatmeal, breakfast breads, yogurt and fruit. It's a good value for the price. I would recommend staying here.

We really enjoyed our stay as the facility and our room was very nice, modern and clean. The bathroom was modern and nice with the sink, toilet, and shower but the walks, floor and tiles were subpar and didn’t match related to quality measures.

Comfortable and clean room and bed.  Enjoyed the pool and hot tub.  The hot tub was a bit cool to call it a hot tub.  The service was great and we had a relaxing time.   I would definitely be staying there again.

I stayed at this hotel for a few weeks for work purposes and I'll preface this by saying I rarely write a review good or bad. However, every week there was a new issue.

The first week was the discount motel feel with cheap fixes to damaged walls in the bathroom. No big deal though, wasn’t expecting much. However, the towels had stains, as did the lounge chair and the lamp was missing its bulb.

Second week, the WiFi was out/unusable and my room key worked only 50% of the time (requiring me to see the front desk multiple times).

The last week the concierge placed the entire bill on my personal card even though the room was booked through a company card. Not to mention I had specified incidentals only on my card. In which he couldn’t fix without my boss calling the front desk to sort it out. Additionally, the power was going in and out in the room causing some food to go bad. Not to mention there is construction of another hotel across the way, not much of a noise concern however a good chunk of the parking spaces are taken by the construction crew.

At least the location is decent?

Overall, can’t say I’d recommend this place in the slightest.

I had an absolutely terrible time here. They put me by the door that leads outside, and people were slamming it constantly for all 3 days and nights that I was there. They let the nearby construction workers lounge around inside so there's always a ton of foot traffic going by the room and a bunch of loud talking. The staff was rude and didn't really seem to know what they were doing, and they got angry at me for using Expedia and finding a cheaper rate than they offered. In this area there are literally 10 or 12 nice hotels so there is absolutely no reason to stay at this one. I should have known when every other hotel is sold out and one hotel has a bunch of rooms for $90 on Expedia ($176 if you book through them) it's not going to be a great stay. The Hyatt House across the street is much nicer, I ended up just switching over there and it is worth the difference in price.

Will stay here again! Both the lobby and room were always clean. Food was warm and made well. It’s also in a convenient area to access the Rocky Mountains and downtown Boulder.

Clean room and comfortable bed.  Desk staff is great!

Enjoyed our stay! Breakfast was great and slept well

Nice service. Can be a little too noisy at night, but good experience overall

King room booked was not available.Shower soap dispenser not filled. Dove products are not the best, excess hair loss. Room had vibrations from machinery coming through bed, hard to get to sleep.7 hours in bed, less than 4 hours sleep.No orange juice for breakfast.

Everything went well.  This is a nice property.  No complaints whatsoever and will definitely return if in the area.

We found our room door forced open by leaving the door lock set it

This Holiday Inn Express is clean and comfortable and in a convenient location near Flatiron Crossing Mall shops and restaurants. The staff is friendly and helpful and the hot breakfast is great.

I've stayed here several times including it's first year of opening. Little has changed aesthetically other than it getting older - the mattresses in particular are now soft and soggy with indentation. 
It's still got a fairly modern look to it but I  can't stand the beds now.
The breakfast is also disappointing:
Drip coffee. Why not an expresso machine? 
Two cereals, neither gluten free
Poor choice of milks
A cabinet of patties for those seeking diabetes
A fridge full of single use plastics and aluminium topped yogurt for those seeking alzheimers
3-4 help-yourself hot dishes like cheese omelette, all of which are tasteless. No sign of bacon. 
Tasteless fruit.
Waffle maker. Does anyone do that nowadays?

Personally I couldn't find anything worth bothering my digestion with.

Expect noise to transmit between floors and echos along corridors. 

Nowadays they don't give you bar soap but use that chemical, heavily fragrances Doves liquid soap. It's awful. 
There are much better hotels nearby.

Location was great. Had a view of the mountains. Bed was comfortable. Room was clean. The staff were wonderful. Only issue was the weekend breakfast didn't start till 7 :00 which is later than weekdays so we were unable to use the free breakfast on Saturday and Sunday as we had timed to entry to the parks and could not wait.

Haven’t spent much time with my wife due to long hours at work.  We decided to book a night for a quick staycation.  Picked this hotel because of the hot tub.  This site had mostly good reviews.  Our room showed signs of discount motel.  Check out the mismatched cushion and pry marks on the door.   Unable to use the pool and hot tub because the chlorine burned our eyes as soon as we walked in.  Drywall in the pool area looks like it’s about to fall in due to the condensation.  So difficult to find a clean place these days around Denver.

We stayed in the 2 queen with a sofa bed.  This accommodated our family well however a curtain between the sofa bed area and the beds would assist in being able to dress and undress while the one bathroom is being used.  Breakfast was good!

I wish the GM would call me back after leaving 3 messages. Would like to talk to them about there site and how they can improve it. I want to talk about how I had to be chjarged a full day room charge to stay a dditional 3-hours. All the other IHG let me from time to time stay.

We went up for Memorial Day Weekend to run the Bolder Boulder. The hotel is located in a great spot to get to Boulder without being in too much traffic congestion. The hotel itself is clean and the staff is helpful. Love the continental breakfast.

Problem addressed to hotel staff but 4 hrs passed nothing was done to fix it. I requested to be moved to another room but was not given that option when issue was raised the First time.

I have a SERViCE ANIMAL.  I showed his
ID and it was originally posted on form when I checked in. I kept extending more nights, had to put card down each day for "incidentals"  for 4 or 5 more nights. I have all these unexplained charges on my card. Not just 2 unauthorized "pet fees" for 79.00 (4.00 of that is legitimate for hotel market) There are 4 charges for 16.00 on another card. It's illegal to charge a pet fee for a service animal. Each time I re keyed to extend my stay, I went thru desk clerk to reiterate hes a service animal, not pet.. at front desk. I want to be refunded. I have all his documentation and wasn't an issue. I'm sure the charges were a mistake,  but I still gave not been refunded.

Nice quiet place to stay. Rooms were clean bathrooms 9/10 could have used a little extra attention on cleaning and having a trash bag in the trash can would have good. Other than that room was great! Breakfast was okay not to many options . Staff was quiet. The pool was nice. Location it was a little hidden but not to hard to find. Overall a good place to stay.

Comfy rooms, clean, awesome blackout curtains for sleeping. We were able to get a late checkout easily and had no issues at all. Easy to find, close to amenities and restaurants.

The facility was fine. I have nothing to add. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

We had a wonderful stay at this hotel property.  It was close to everything that we wanted to do, including Downtown Denver without staying Downtown.  We had convenient access to National and State parks, Boulder and other Front Range cities.  The hotel has easy access to and from Hwy 36 and great shopping choices were close-by.  We whole-heartedly recommend this hotel.  The hotel staff, cleanliness and amenities, breakfast house-keeping were all first class.

I would stay here again.  One issue I have is the retention of $50 charged on the total bill as "incidentals" charge - when I asked why that was placed the response was "... if you damage the room we use that to cover up to $50 then will charge more if damage is greater..." well, dont care for this much especially if you "forget" to refund it! Even if NO damages done - not cool!

I love their breakfast, I wish they did have bacon. But, the beds are comfy and the location was safe. I dislike dealing with IHG, but love holiday inn.

Had a great stay! Comfy bed and great shower! Delicious breakfast options and very clean!

Staff was very kind and helpful, rooms were very clean and cleaned daily. Plenty of towels for the stay, and plenty of pillows for each bed. We came for a softball tournament and all of the girls enjoyed staying at the hotel and enjoyed the breakfast they offered.

I have been staying at Holiday Inn Express in all my travel locations for about four years. I never have been disappointed.

This is a typical HEI will the normal amenities. Everything was great for an HEI. Staff were professional, breakfast was usual HEI, location is decent depending on where you need to go.||I stayed there for several nights to attend a conference in Boulder. Not a chance being on government per diem could I stay in Boulder. This HEI was convenient enough to get to the conference.||There are several places to eat/drink over the Hwy 36 bridge.||Would stay here again for sure.

Insanely quiet, easily found, clean. I didn’t hear a peep from any other guests even though the breakfast was completely full of people. The public pool available to guests was also far from crowded which was amazing for the kids. The views were still great despite the large apartments being built around it. Pretty happy with the experience!

I liked that the room was quite. From time to time I could barely hear people in the hallway outside or the guest on the floor above me, but overall, I think there is good soundproofing because the room was quiet. I was able to concentrate on my work. I really appreciate that I had no problems with either the bathroom sink or the shower backing up. The price per night for the room was pretty decent, too, compared to some of the other hotels in the area.

Generally a very good experience except for the construction noise right next door.

A perfect representation of the consistency of the Holiday Inn Express brand. Immaculate hotel, modern rooms, a great breakfast, and an affordable stay. Hotel is in a great location between Denver and Boulder, making it easy and quick to get to either. This hotel was also located in a very quiet neighborhood.

A perfect representation of the consistency of the Holiday Inn
Express brand. Immaculate hotel, modern rooms, a great breakfast, and an affordable stay. Hotel is in a great location between Denver and Boulder, making it easy and quick to get to either. This hotel was also located in a very quiet neighborhood, yet very close to a large variety of restaurants and shops.

Sehr gut, schöne Zimmer, sehr gutes Frühstück. Sehr empfehlenswert

The bed was as comfortable as my bed at home, sheets were clean and very soft. I got great sleep and woke up rested and refreshed.

WE HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE, QUIET AND CLEAN AND VERY COMFORTABLE.

My child found package of condoms and bottle of what I presume is lubricant under the night stand between the beds the next morning (it was under the ottoman only discovered when it was moved). Addressed it with the front desk twice, not much but a “sorry about that”. I suspect the room was not cleaned prior to our arrival. Not very happy with the customer service.

Location is perfect for the places I need to get to, facility is kept well and the area is growing since the first time I stayed at this location.  I will be back in a month or two!

Was good location and didn’t have a locked fence around it.

The water pressure was outstanding also, was a walk in shower.

Breakfast was not that great.

The breakfast was so good and fresh. The rooms clean Anna staff was friendly. Location wasn’t too bad. Unfortunately there was a loud neighbor but overall a great experience. Would come back for the egg omelettes!

The hotel had clean rooms and the front desk receptionist was friendly and accommodating. I stay at IHG hotels often and usually find that there is consistency in the cleanliness of the rooms and friendliness of the staff.

The room was amazing, breakfast is usually really good but this particular morning the gravy was not hot and some of the food was low. But the coffee was good!

I selected this hotel due to the closeness to the University of Colorado at Boulder and due to Holiday Inn's reputation for well-maintained facilities and good breakfasts.

I am generally an IHG loyalist but was disappointed this go around. There are other options in town that my various coworkers had a good experience with that I will go to next time. Poor water pressure and customer service were the lowlights of the stay.

This hotel is well-maintained, clean, has a nice, thoughtful contemporary design, free breakfast, and is a great value. There is a small gym and a small indoor pool that I look forward to using on future stays.

Clean rooms, comfortable bed, low noise from outside, blackout blinds, easy to adjust temperature settings in room. Breakfast area clean and lots of choices

Our room was comfortable and the breakfast was good with plenty of variety to choose from. Overall, the facility was very clean. Had some problems with our room key that had to be reprogrammed 3 times. Two out of three times the staff was great and very helpful. However, one time there was no person or manager at the front desk during morning breakfast and if it wasn’t for the very nice lady in the kitchen I won’t have been able to get into my room.

Hotel was close to our destination. Clean, comfy, good breakfast, friendly staff.

Comfortable stay great pizza and a Starbuck near by.

Ok place. Stayed outside of Denver hoping for it to be a bit more secure. All doors in the hallway had been broken into by the latch with a tool, most likely a screw driver. Did not instill a lot of confidence in my security.

Pool needs a deep cleaning,  was really dirty , room was not that clean , not bad for a 1 night stay . It being a holiday Inn I expected more from it ..

Clean friendly location.

Nice and clean place,  close to everything. friendly staff, good food, nice atmosphere, good parking,  elevator working great, we would gladly stay here again while visiting family and would highly recommend to all our other friends and family.

The cleanest and most decorative room and the most comfortable bed. Easy access to the Broomfield area and very helpful guest services and check-in. The shuttle to the airport was very much appreciated.

Great hotel, need some things buttoned up. As far as my room. It was great. Very bright vibrant colors great lighting great room comfortable. But the girl at the front desk overcharged me for the deposit. The deposit was supposed to be 50 she charged me 126$. I didn't notice until I got to the room. Reached out to her in the morning about it and she was completely ignorant about it. Said that no she only charged me $50 and it didn't take out of my bank I even showed her my bank statement and my balance which reflected it taking the money out and the correct amount it took out. Said I'm going to have to wait a couple days to see what happens. Later on in the day when somebody else worked I approached the guy and let him know that they charged me the wrong amount and right away he got on the computer looked up the information and confirmed that they did charge me wrong for my deposit. He made some adjustments on his side and assured me it will be corrected by my next banks processing day. Also the bathroom in the swimming pool area definitely needs something put on the hinges on the door. There is a pile of rust behind the door that you can see Clear as day once the door shut. Very unsanitary and could be dangerous. If they get the girls attitude at the front desk adjusted to be more caring and get the rested out metals fixed I can fully commit to this hotel being one of the best I've ever stayed at.

We prefer to stay at Holiday Inn Express’s when we need a hotel. This one was better than most. The room was very clean and comfortable. Even though the breakfast was what you typically find, this one was really good. The eggs tasted great, the turkey sausage was yummy, and the pancakes were delicious. Also the juice was not super watered down. We’d definitely stay here again.

Love me some Holiday Inn Express. Always my first choice for hotels when traveling. However this place had the worst breakfast experience to date.  No cinnamon rolls, or Apple Juice Friday morning. No biscuits on Saturday. Many condiments were empty or near empty. Not at all what I am used to for breakfast at other HI Express. I'll likely choose a different HI Express next time I'm in Denver.

Always clean.
Breakfast is great compared to most hotels.
Hot tub is hit or miss.  It always works unless someone hits the emergency stop button. Then it won't work for 24 hours.

Beautiful facility that is clean and well maintained. Wonderful staff! Would stay again!

Pretty nice, new hotel.

Tired of booking hotels that say they have pools and spas only to get there and they don’t work. Never offered to reduce room rate.

Bed was fairly comfortable, but the ac didn't seem to work great at night so I found it getting too hot. Then the bathroom was very odd. The shower is too small. Then the water drains out on the floor so you have to completely dry the floor before you can walk back in there.

The hotel was located 7 minutes from the wedding venue. The beds were comfortable and the staff were friendly. The room was clean and stocked with all items. The breakfast had a good selection of items to choose from.

Looked like a new property, located close to the freeway.

Room was clean . Bathroom was clean and staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast buffet was good.

Clean rooms with a nice view of the mountains on the west facing side, friendly staff, hot breakfast, and cleaners went above and beyond  by neatly organizing bathroom toiletries. No negatives during our stay!

The room was perfect. The breakfast buffet had a really good variety and everything tasted good. The staff was incredible!

I will return to this hotel and recommend it to friends. 5 stars.

The staff at the hotel were very accommodating and friendly rooms were comfortable

Great room, very clean. Staff was friendly. Breakfast was good.

Great hotel,  New,  the breakfast was really hot and fresh. Clean room.

The hotel was incredibly clean, the staff was kind and super helpful. Very quiet spaces for working.

Easy check in with friendly staff. Clean facilities. Very easy instructions and clear layout of the facilities

This hotel looks nice from the outside. The rooms are fairly nice. But I was woken up at 4:30 AM by the alarm that was going off next door. Obviously I couldn’t really do anything about it but after ten minutes of it going off I decided that I needed to do something, especially because I had two long flights the next day. I called them three times and no one answered. The message at the end of the phone call was a number to call customer services and when I called it didn’t work. The alarm kept going and I was getting overwhelmed by the sound. I tried to block it out and was unable so I went downstairs to try to get some help. No one was at the desk and there was a sign saying to call a number for assistance, which I did one more time. It was the number I had been calling and I heard the phone ring and no one answered it. I didn’t know what to do because I couldn’t sleep through the noise. I tried calling again and finally someone answered (that was the sixth call I had made). He was fairly rude and after I had told him I had called six times, he said that he only had two missed calls which just isn’t true. I asked if he would please turn it off and he had to call the room first and by the time the alarm was off it had been a full hour after it started. He also questioned me on why I wasn’t calling from the hotel phone and I told him I didn’t want to wake the other people in the room and he doubted that I was actually staying here and said that it could just be a prank call. I felt very uncomfortable and unheard by him. It took him awhile to come up and actually turn it off as well. I believe that he was the only one that was working that night, but they should not treat their guests this way. They do not reset their alarm clocks after a guest has stayed there and I lost an hour of sleep because of it.

Excelente 🙏🏻

The staff here are great and made the stay better. Two gentleman were super helpful with lost luggage, suggesting restaurants and bars for good local food, and overall just very nice. It seems insignificant, but the way their efforts and positive energy just made it a great stay. Clean and comfortable.

The desk guy was super accommodating and got us a room upgrade with a mountain view as requested. The breakfast buffet had a really good variety and everything tasted good. The room was perfect. The only two bummers were the construction going on next door that started pretty early every morning but it wasn't super loud. And the indoor pool was too cold to use in December- I'm not sure if it was heated or not heated enough. The jacuzzi was nice.

The IHG holiday inns in this area are up to par with motel 6 when it comes to broken doors , broken pools, broken laundry equipment . This one is one star above HI express Longmont.  And last time  I stayed there I couldn’t complain to the manager because he was snoring behind the front desk

Excellent new building and nice foyer.

This new property was a great choice for our week in the area visiting family.

Everything was new, clean and comfortable.

The rooms were nice. We had to extend one night and were moved to a smaller room. 

We did have to ask for towels each day.

The morning breakfast was nice at 7am but it was never replenished after the first servings of food were taken. Need food during hours advertised.

The pool was nice but the hot tub control box never worked during the week. No one really knew how to use the handicap chair lifts.

There were several kid hockey teams there for several days and they used all the space in the lobby - but they were courteous and respectful while having a good time.

This is one we will use again when visiting the area.

I thought this property was brand new. I asked at the front desk and she told me it was about 6 years old. VERY well maintained - everything worked and it was decorated beautifully for the holidays. Very clean ( i thought it was new) and VERY friendly and helpful. I cant recommend this enough!

We stayed here on our first night in Denver, the hotel was updated, clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and breakfast was good.

Love this place excellent customer service

The facility was new, clean and up to date.  There are some eating options nearby within walking distance which is convenient as well.  The location is within a short drive to many other things to see and do.

Friendly Staff.
Clean Room.
Comfortable bed.
Good water pressure.
Great North Denver location; restaurants, shopping, and hockey rinks close by.
What more could a hockey mom want.

Excelente

It was a nice place to stay, I was disappointed that I wasn't tested like a diamond person and I was very disappointed that the soda cushion was missing off the sofa. The maintenance man went to another room and got me one. The place was clean and the maids was super cool. If I come back to see The Buffs football team, I'll stay there again.

Nice rooms, comfortable beds, ample desk space for company laptop and my tablet.  The roll down curtains actually cover the entire window, no little bars of light to hit your eye in the middle of the night.  Spacious bathroom, did not give a "hotel bathroom" vibe.

Typical HI property. Inexperienced staff. Failed to recognize status until I mentioned it. No major issues with stay.

My husband and I came for a football game in Boulder for a quick trip.  Check in was a breeze even arriving at 1am!  Our room was ready, clean,  and cozy! Our king sized bed was comfortable. The fall decor in the lobby gave it a warm and inviting atmosphere.  Breakfast was good, however, the hot food was gone by 930 when breakfast ended at 10. Therefore we filled up on pancakes and the amazing pancake maker! :) Check out was a breeze too even with our very early flight! What a wonderful stay! We will be back!

We came down for a football game at Folsum stadium. These were nice accommodations. Not far from the school, clean and reasonably priced. We had the free breakfast and clean comfy beds. You can't ask for much more.

Great location to access the Rockies & Boulder; nice view of Mountains (and construction across the street; but the mountains outweighed the construction).  Front Desk is friendly and customer-service focused (fixed two room issues immediately - broken clock and bathroom door wouldn't close).  Breakfast includes hot food and is quite good but selections don't change much.  Cleaning only pulled sheets up on beds (bummer), but generally cleaned the rest of the room okay.  Bathrooms are large including the shower; wish there was more water presssure.  Beds were someone firm but not overly; a couple of pillows included for each of us.  Overall room was quite large (King bed and sleeper sofa with plenty of storage, a refrigerator and microwave) but could use some general cosmetic repairs (paint/caulk).  Air/heat was awesome; kept fan on all night for brown noise.  Pool and hot tub are decent (we didn't use either) but we did enjoy the fitness room.  Most of the staff speak Spanish with little English, so better if someone in your group knows some Spanish (or talk to the front desk for any questions or help).  Across the street is a nice pizza place, Starbucks and a liquor store...all were great!  We got a discount through a work app for the hotel and for about $85 a night (Mon through Fri) we thought this was a great value for the price.||Front Desk - 10 out of 10|Cleaning - 6/10|Breakfast & Staff - 8/10|Hotel Exterior/Common Interiors - 8.5/10|Room  - 8.5/10|Amentities - 8/10|Location - 9/10|Overall - 8.3

It is limited even though it was set to 60 all night it didn’t go below probably 68. It also has a motion sensor on the thermostat so once it detects you stopped moving it shuts off. Which made my stay super stuffy. It was warm inside the building and my room got stuffy and sleeping was crappy.

Could have been better at check-in but wasn't.  The breakfast could have better gluten free choices.

It is not bad ok for a quick stay

The hotel was clean. No one is at the desk usually.  You have to wait and even call out to have them come out from a room down a little hallway.  Once no one even came out at all.  
When we checked in, we asked for a room with a Mountain View.  It took the third attempt to get it.  Not a big deal, the receptionist just wasn’t familiar with the layout of the hotel. We did get our Mountain View.

I have been a member of Holiday Inn in its history since 1988 and have every time felt a great decision to stay only with the IHG Group of hotels. This hotel, after two stays there shows that the expectations for staff and managment on this hotel realize the importance of taking care of guests no matter whether or not they have been with the hotel group as long as I have.  KUDOS to the team at this property.

Excellent place to stay. Traveling through  town and felt very welcome.

very clean hotel;  housekeeping was commendable; good breakfast

Nice and clean!

Excellent hotel and rooms located conveniently to various tourist spots in the area. Complimentary breakfast buffet takes a special mention, very good spread.

AC is not working, we set the temperatures to 60 still sweating, we are not able to sleep, this is ruining our plans for the next day trip

A very soulless hotel, staff conspicuous by there absence, very poor breakfast and coffee I found unpalatable.

I stayed here approximately a week ago and had a poor experience. This was my first time staying at a Holiday Inn Express and will probably be one of my last. I normally stay at their competitors facilities.
We were visiting on vacation. The day after we came in my son had clogged the toilet, so I notified the front desk and even let them know I just needed plunger and I would take care of it. The maintenance said they would take care of it. However, we waited around for a bit, in case they showed up with the plunger. That said, we could not wait any longer and choose to leave, as the maintenance said they would take care of it. This was around 10 or 11am and we returned around 5ish. We walked in our room and “smelled” that it had not been take care of. I went back to the front desk and explained the issue, the rep said she would have to find the plunger and maintenance had already left for the day. She gave me some points but honestly I just didn’t want to be in a “stinky” room. We had to leave again, and when we returned late, the rep had found the plunger but our room smelled awful. I asked the front desk if they had any kind of air fresher and they looked but did not have any available. I asked to speak with the manager about our experience, and the night rep said they would return in the morning. The next day was our check out, so again I asked to speak with the manager and the said they did not know where the manager was nor did they know when they would be in, but I could call the hotel number. I found this to be poor customer service as I feel they should have take my info and said “we will have the manager contact you”. I really did not except to have to deal with “plumbing issues” on my vacation or have to sleep in a “stinky” room just because the hotel could not locate a plunger or follow through on taking care of a maintenance request in a timely manner. This took away from enjoying our vacation.

A well organized, clean hotel with good breakfast and helpful, friendly staff. Will return to this hotel again!

When we travel to Boulder dinner theater, we always stay at your hotel because it’s super convenient, clean, friendly, overall experience super great

While the location was about 20 minutes from our central activities for the weekend, overall the hotel was disappointing.

One of cleanest hotels and the most attentive desk attendees. Couldn't be more pleased with the stay!

Very odd experience, probably the worst continental breakfast I've had in years from a holiday inn express, and it was dirty around the food/ not well-staffed. The hot tub was busted and the rooms felt like they had paper thin walls.

Stoped here for the night with my son. The hotel was very nice and clean inside. Staff greeted me right away when I got inside. They were very friendly and helpful. Reminded me if I needed any help to let them know.
Free breakfast was yummy too. Even ran into some locals from my city so that was nice.

My only comment and it’s because I was at a different IGH hotel in COSprings is it would be nice if this location had a water bottle fill station.
And or have a water fountain by the ice machines.
Unfortunately after finding the water fountain I then had to walk upstairs to get ice, then back down to get the water.
Nothing worth losing a star for because the rest of the experience was great. That was just me being spoiled from the last place I stayed at. 🥰

Well, first I want to say I hope this isn't the direction IHG hotels like Holiday Inn are moving with their new products.
The best phrase my wife and I could think of to describe this hotel is it's like receiving a gift bag with nothing in it.  Maybe more like a fruit basket with a bill and either there's no fruit or the few pcs of strawberries have mold on them.
The young staff really try their best, and we felt bad for them as they were bearing the complaints, while doing their best to make things work.  But whoever, the manager is of this hotel; quite honestly, has NO business being a hotel manager.
Have you ever heard of a hotel that runs out of bathroom hand soap? Like I mean the small bars you use to wash your hands? Yes, well now I have with this hotel.
One day the hot tub was not working, the next day there was so much chlorine you could barely breathe.
The (new beds) were horrible and uncomfortable.
Our room's A/C kept the room at a toasty/humid 77 degrees, while set at 69.
The room was musty and clearly damp...which made it difficult to be comfortable and anyone with allergies/asthma to suffer.
Breakfast was hit or miss if they might have some eggs, cinnamon rolls, or if the pancake machine had batter.

In overview, the hotel structure (building & location) is great. It looks very nice and the location is great.  But, there really isn't any excuse for the supply chain issues and overall maintenance and management. It's the managers job to make sure the hotel is fully stocked with appropriate supplies for the rooms and food prep.  I'm not sure it's the managers responsibility for the terrible beds...this is definitely a concern I have with future Holiday Inn projects. Whoever, is in charge of sourcing those needs to sleep in one.

For the cost of this hotel, it just didn't meet my expectations.  I am an IHG member and I typically choose an IHG hotel when I travel.  I won't stay at this hotel again when visiting the Denver/Boulder area.

I wish the hot tub had been working. Not a major thing but the water was not hot. Nice soap. No bar but there is one at hotel across the street. Bed very comfortable.

Awesome stay they went above and beyond to make sure that we were well taken care of even opened the pool for a little after hours so my daughter could swim.

Great overall experience. Clean rooms and lobby, great breakfast. Will definitely be recommending this hotel to anyone in the future. Will also gladly stay at this hotel in the future if needed.

My stay was very comfortable, and the property was clean. I was greeted nicely when I arrived, and I would have no problems returning in the future for another stay.

Especially Audy and Forrest. They went above and beyond

We arrived before check-in time but were able to get to our room right away because one was available. This was perfect since I had a work meeting within the next 30 minutes.  This showed great flexibility by the front desk personnel.

read the above commints¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!???????????????????????

Great customer service and a very new hotel. It is also not right next to the highway so it is quiet at night. But I do wish they would tune down the elevator ring tune though. I kept hearing the ding ding from the elevator when I was trying to sleep. Breakfast is some of the best hotel breakfast I have ever had.

Every aspect of this hotel is aperfect but the mattress. The mattress is just horrible. I can't really describe it but It is not comfortable. I thought it was just me but I heard the same complaints from other customers while I was eating breakfast.

We were in town for the Dead & Co concert and arrived early to the hotel, way before check-in, and they were able to get us right into a room. It looks to be a newer hotel, everything was in good shape, had a mini fridge and microwave, the AC worked amazing. Breakfast was good each morning. It was a nice stay. I'd stay here again if I'm in the area.

It was a quiet and comfortable stay as we traveled west

Location is excellent for visiting friends and relatives and for access to area attractions and to the highways.

Nice comfortable place to stay. Great location for our needs. Lots of nice dining and shopping near by!

Convenient location for work I was in town to complete.  Clean room, comfortable bed, good breakfast.

Didn't like the patio area no card entry if someone shuts door on you if you're having breakfast in the morning outside. The shower soap and shampoo and conditioner weren't refilled before we checked in. And we find out while in the shower that they were empty. Didn't like how the shower tube water worked.  Phone in room wouldn't work no dial tone.

And for that, it gets the thumbs up. Short staffing wasn’t the employees fault. Having to keep the windows shut because the apartments across the lot have an eagle eye view into the room was less than ideal but that’s what happens when you draw the wrong side of the hotel. 

Otherwise it was comfortable. Better bed than we’re used to. Stellar location.

We checked in and the couch in our room had mismatched cushions.  There was also no sheets available for the food out couch which we specifically got the room for.  My husband went down four times for sheets and finally told that there were none. In the entire hotel.  The second day we came back and our room hadn’t been cleaned despite we spoke to the housekeeper and gave her a cash tip as we were leaving for the day. Upon checking out the manager did make it right by adjusting the price we paid which was nice and the right thing to do.  My family liked the breakfast and pool.  The location was convenient.

If I could give 0 stars, I would.  Arrived around 7pm, check in was smooth until I asked for a couple bottles of water. Was told we don't have water. What sort of hotel doesn't have water?
Then the room.... The toilet was broken, wouldn't fill. They left no tissues in the room, just the empty box. The clock was broken. The door wouldn't shut without being forced shut and the lock didn't work. Will not come back to this hotel.

We enjoyed our stay.  The room was very clean and comfortable, AC worked great and we were content to relax there evenings. All of our staff interactions were positive.

A great hotel.  Our room was clean, functional, and this hotel actually has a very good breakfast buffet.  We didn't use them, but it also offers a swimming pool, hot tub.  The only thing keeping me from issuing a 5-star rating is the fact our shower did not work and tub did not drain when we first arrived, and the neighbor who played his television at the volume of a Concorde, which carried through the walls.  Those were minor inconveniences, so I still highly recommend this place.

I was there for a Work conference.  My daughter came with to work on her Masters capstone.  We enjoyed the stay.  Ladies at the desk were patient, kind and very helpful.  Breakfast was great!  Cleaning staff very friendly and helpful.  The pool was relaxing!  The view of the mountains was a big plus!!

The hotel was nice and the staff accommodating. The main issue I had was the bathroom door did not lock and I couldn’t take a dump in peace. The snack and drinks were a little pricey too. The over experience was positive, just wish there was a restaurant in the hotel

The hotel is in great location, great staff, clean and quite for as busy as it was. We did not eat breakfast there due to it wasn’t being served until 7 am n the weekends.

Nice, comfortable stay. Convenient to Boulder and Denver.

BEWARE OF HOUSEKEEPING THEIF!
Stayed 6/15-6/17 for work, left do not disturb sign on door and told front desk I don’t need my room fixed up. Left for 1.5 hr came back and everything I had in my room was gone. Managed to get my work shirt back but my $100 vape pen was stolen. Was told they don’t have a check list on who does which rooms and because it was not caught on camera I’m SOL.
Beware if you stay multiple days housekeeping will come into your room and steal whatever they like and the front desk will do nothing about it.

Beds were comfortable and blackout curtains made it easy to rest.  We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite with a full kitchen.  It was clean.  However, the shower/ toilet light only turned on with the over the sink light (the sink and shower are separated by a door and the shower/ toilet is in its own room), so if anyone used the bathroom at night, 
the whole bedroom (where the sink is) was lit up making it hard to sleep for others.  The vent did not work in the shower area.  The hotel didn't take out trash daily even though they provided daily "light clean up." We didn't receive enough towels for the reservedguests, not was there enough cutlery or dishes for our party of 4 in our full kitchen (i.e., we had 2 spoons).

We enjoyed staying here. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and very comfortable. The only downfall was the fact that the TV did not display information on the channels.

The location is great.  The rooms themselves are nice and comfortable.  However, there are a number of things I found lacking in my most recent visit.  Shower soap and shampoo were empty the duration of the visit.  In a room for 4, we continuously received only 3 sets of towels despite repeatedly asking the front desk to ensure 4 towels were delivered.  The breakfast options were sufficient, but the same thing every day for a 7 day stay resulted in my going to buy breakfast elsewhere after a few days.

This is a new hotel near the Flat Irons action with easy access to highways. The hotel furnishings are new and fresh. The mattress was a bit hard that could easily be remedied by adding extra cushion on top before making up with bedding and the shower head could use a bit more water pressure but overall a very nice stay.

Everything was fine except the room service. I had to ask the front desk and cleaning staff several times to refill the body wash and it wasn’t refilled for my entire stay. No one refreshed the room until after my 4th day.

We just stayed for a week and it was an amazing stay. Loved the location as it isn't right next to a highway like most hotels in Denver area, flatirons mall is only 5 minutes away which offers great food and shopping. The indoor pool and hot tub was a great amenity and the breakfast was outstanding with all the different selections. The only reason for giving the room 3 stars is because there was no air conditioning and we were getting a king “suite” and it sure wasn't near the size of your regular suite you’d expect at other hotels. But the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious. I would definitely stay here again.

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The rooms were clean and quiet, with comfortable beds and spacious bathrooms. The staff were friendly and helpful, always ready to assist me with any requests or questions. The breakfast buffet had a good variety of food, from eggs, cereal, bread, muffins, bagel, cinnamon rolls, oatmeal, pancakes and fruit. Everything was fresh and delicious, and the service was fast and efficient. The pool and the hot tub were also great amenities to enjoy. The pool was clean and refreshing, and the hot tub was really relaxing and soothing. I was very satisfied with my choice and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable and relaxing stay.

Clean and friendly staff, decent breakfast. Have most of the amenities that you might need

The only thing I didn’t really like about one particular staff member was that even though we asked her if she could gives at least 2 hours of extension to check out of the hotel, cause we weren’t sure if we would finish our business in time for check out, she denied our extension. Thank goodness we finished before checkout time. I mean we hardly ask for extra time to check out!! We used IHG a lot and we love using IHG, but the day we need extra time that person told us she couldn’t ️

The hotel was very clean and fresh.  The rooms were clean and spacious.  We were on the top floor and it was very quiet.  Restaurants and coffee shops close by.  We were close to our family in Lafayette and Boulder.

Extremely bright attractive HIE well placed for family in Denver , hikes walks and proximity to Boulder , Golden and Red Rocks 
Easy run to beautiful gentle hike at Marshall Mesa 
Clean lobby spotless spacious rooms, firm sweet smelling beds , efficient elevator , clean easy step staircase and excellent filling breakfast 
Thanks to all the Staff for making this more like a swish destination Hotel 
A HIE to bookmark in future visits 
Just watch out for that prepaid tollway on doorstep to airport

Very friendly staff, and welcoming atmosphere. Front desk were both very friendly and very kind to direct us to available restaurant and food options near us.

Great experience here! Awesome place to stay, very clean, very nice rooms, clean, exceptional breakfast! Very nice pool/spa, and workout room, would definitely stay here again!

Clean and modern room, construction nearby causing some noise issues.  Front desk girl amazing, man in front of me would not stop complaining about a reservation issue, she handled with politeness and class, yet not compromising.  Breakfast looks good, lots of hot food, but I did not have time to try.

Parking tight.

Comfortable stay and Eli B was of super help!

Vanessa was amazing. Very helpful. The hotel is clean. Down side I’m on top of the elevator and vending room so about every 20 minutes I hear loud clunking and door slamming. Also the bed is a rock.

Vanessa has great customer service and very helpful at all times. The rooms are very clean

After a long day of traveling, the first thing I noticed walking into the Holiday Inn was how fresh and clean everything smelled. It immediately set a welcoming tone. Nicole at the front desk went above and beyond, taking the time to help me sort out my reservation with my company’s travel department and making the entire check-in process smooth aNd stress free check in

Excelente atención y servicio en general, personal de primera, excelente ubicación, excelente desayuno

I like Nicole😁✨️ She's so awesome sauce.!!

Excelente atención y servicio en todo en todo el hotel

Standard Holiday Inn that meets the expectations for the brand. Very easy access to the freeway and airport. Good dinner options a short drive away.
The breakfast is great and Norma does a wonderful job keeping the items hot, fresh, and available.

Nicole V was so helpful!!

Great people great service. Vanessa F. Was fantastic.

Vanessa was kind and nice to us at the front

We got in early and had a meeting to run to. Vanessa F. Was amazing by expediting the room so we could get ready and go. She was very friendly and professional.

Our check-in process was smooth and quick, we were greeted by a nice young lady upon entering, and throughout the day entering and leaving the building we were always greeted. Vanessa F. was super helpful throughout the stay. There are many convenient food options around the area that close late if needed for a bite after a concert or an event. Overall, the hotel itself was really clean and smelled fresh. I would come back here for my next trip.

We stayed as a family of 5 for a weekend. We had a really wonderful experience. The staff was always very friendly and welcoming. I had two rooms and called ahead to request these rooms be near each other. They were able to accommodate my request and we were able to check in earlier than advertised. The pancake machine was broken during our weekend, which was a slight disappointment during breakfast time for my kids. The rooms were quiet, the hotel didn't seem busy or crowded, we nearly had the pool to ourselves all weekend. There are so many restaurants and stores nearby and within walking distance which was wonderful. The drive from this location to downtown Denver is about 20 minutes. Overall, this was a great hotel stay.

Staffs are very friendly and professional. A big shout out to Eli.

The hotel was mediocre. It dint smell good, the pool was kind of dirt with  ring of dirt around it and the hot tub seemed nasty too. It’s odd to me that the holiday I recently stayed in Florida was so much nicer. I guess they are all individually franchised? Not too sure, but if that’s the case, it makes sense why they are all so different.

I stayed here for business last year and came back again this year without a second thought. Amazing staff, fantastic service. Especially Vanessa is wonderful! 100% recommend

The room was clean, the service from the staff at the front desk and dining room where friendly and always greeted me. The location was convenient.

$4.75 for a bottle of water. Even for platinum elite member, no free water. This is the first IHG hotel I've stayed where there is no free water for platinum elite.

I really enjoyed my stay. Everything really comes together to make this place feel like home. All the staff is very welcoming and the pool is a great place to enjoy. Overall 10/10

Clean, basic rooms. Would prefer more soundproofing as you can hear every door when it slams shut. I’d recommend management check there chemical levels in the pool and hot tub as the hot tub was cloudy. The best part was breakfast. Maria was so kind and helpful when I asked how to use the pancake maker. Best service from any of the employees!

Good location, Good staff, Breakfast is limited but its good. Close to the airport, On Exit on Hwy 70

Easy check in. Good price and location.  Clean and nice breakfast

Rooms were clean and staff was friendly

I will be returning depending on the price the breakfast is actually good to

Vanessa was great to work with. Everything was quick and cordial. Thank you.

Clean and big room, with nice service, and convenient food spots around. Excellent.

We really enjoyed our stay! Everything was very clean, the hot breakfast was well stocked with good variety right until the end of the breakfast window, and the staff, Steve and Vanessa, were super helpful and friendly. We’d definitely stay here again when traveling through Denver.

Vanessa was very sweet and welcoming customer service 10/10

Vanessa F has great customer service and very helpful at all times. The rooms are very clean and the staff keep everything smelling wonderful. I give them 10 stars . Thank you Vanessa❤️

She was amazing quick service allowed us to check in really early .. which made for a good trip as we drove from montana to denver straight through no sleep and we needed it.. definitely recommend

Clean rooms away from noise has fitness center pool hot tub free breakfast affordable and part of the IHG program Eli Ball at the front desk was super courteous.

Holiday Inn Denver East- Peoria Street does a great job.  They offer value as well as an enjoyable experience.
Eli demonstrated professionalism as well as going the extra mile when it comes to service.

Vanessa, who checked me in , was friendly and let me pick my floor. I forgot shaving cream and they were able to provide.me with some. Lots of food options nearby. Close to major roads and the freeway but that also makes for noise from loud vehicles. The included breakfast buffet has decent options and they change up the hot food options from day to day.

Vanessa es la más amable. El hotel está muy bonito y la verdad me encanta el desayuno!

Vanessa was nice It's perfect to stay here

I had a great experience staying at this hotel and Vanessa at the front desk helped me and was very helpful

Eli was very helpful and polite. He accommodated our preference perfectly. Satisfied with this hotel and the stuffs.

Do yourself a favor and never stay here. Bad staff, bad service . They will charge you a 200$ smoking fee for no reason, and can’t provide details why. Just a sad hotel. You can find shittier ones who will give you better service

Had great service from. Front desk ill be back

Service and location is great. Rooms are standard. Eli B at the front desk was great.

Vanessa very sweet & fast service !

Vanessa is the best!  We stay at this location weekly and she always makes us feel at home.  Love her and this hotel!  Great meal, comfy beds and fabulous water pressure.

Nice hotel good service good food in overall but I wasn't recognized as a member of the brand and I never get my invoice via email I strongly recommend this hotel to others in my personal experience is a good location

I forgot my DL at home, 800 miles away. Have a picture of my DL on my phone. Hotel would not let le check in despite showing them my IHG app, Medicare card and a 1/2 dozen other credit cards. I offered to get my car registration and auto insurance cards as additional proof. Nope, can't check in without a hard copy of DL. I called the IHG 800 number, they convinced hotel to let le check in. Took 45 minutes. Went up to room, 517, key did not work, went down and got another. Newt night, key did not work again. I will use up my points and never stay Ata a holiday Inn again. This stop cured me after averaging 50 stays a year for the last 25 years, all at a holiday Inn.

I have stayed at this location several times during business trips.  They are always very helpful and go out of their way to make sure you have what you need.  Vanessa that works at the front desk was extremely helpful returning some items we had shipped and the business trip was canceled.  Plenty to eat nearby as well.

Positive: "" Negative: They will wrongfully charge you for smoking in the room

We payed for a reservation to stay the night and when we got their they said that we still needed to pay and we didn't want to be double charged so they said we had to call HR and when we called them they said that there was nothing that they can do and we had to call our bank when we payed on their website.

Eli the check in person was great.  Mattresses, pillows and towels are ready for the garbage

Great service all around by Eli Ball and the rest of the staff

I want to Thank Nicole for handling the very load person in the room above us. We were in room 213 and the guest above us saw incredibly loud and constantly walking with heavy steps across four above us. This was at 10 o’clock at night so we asked Nicole if she could do something about it and she did take care of it. She deserves kudos for her actions.

The guy at the front desk, Eli Ball was here if you need this paper friendly and helpful!

Stayed two nights, no hot water the first morning. We let the sink and shower run for five full minutes with the water never getting above body temp. This was at five am as we had an early morning. Second morning we had hot water but found that the sliding shower doors didn’t operate properly and didn’t want to fully shut or open. Door seemed like it was near falling off, and the handle of the shower door broke while trying to open it far enough to get out. Tried to make contact with the manager of the hotel but they had “just stepped out”. Hung around for fifteen minutes and also tried to find them at the la Quinta next door that they also managed but could not make contact. This despite the single person at the front desk saying they were in texting contact with them. I complained to ihg when we returned home and they returned half of our points but will never stay at this location again and will explore other options more fully the next time we travel.

Exelent

Awesome. Eli at the front desk was very friendly and accommodating.

Vanessa made checkout easy! Steve was also incredible! Accommodating, friendly, and helpful staff overall.

Everything in the hotel from the softness of the bed to the great hot breakfast (don’t sleep on the pancakes lol) to the amazing staff my wife and I will be staying here EVERY time we come to Denver 5 Stars Thank You Vanessa F.

Are Layover was canceled, although this Holiday Inn and Vanessa F created an environment of home in the midst of chaos. The rooms were impeccably clean fully stocked. The breakfast was fresh and well attended throughout the breakfast time. Just a general great vibe will be coming back.

The front desk worker Vanessa has great customer service.

Front desk worker Vanessa has great customer service

Had a great stay. shoutout Vanessa F for great service!

Excellent stay and excellent service. Vanessa was awesome.

Positive: Good location nice pool Negative: Bed uncomfortable

Stayed at Holiday Inn Express after missing my flight. Eli Ball helped us and made our stay a pleasant one.

Eli Ball showed us great hospitality and made our stay at Holiday Inn that much more special. Would strongly recommend staying here.

They don't do cleaning service unless you stay for more than 3 days. The rooms do not have safety box. They didn't recognize me as a Diamond member which I am

Eli took care of us quick, explained everything for our stay!

I travel for work and pretty much live in hotels, ive never had a problem with a holiday inn until this one. I had a room booked for 8 days by the company I work for, an emergency happened on the 4th day and the company needed to send me somewhere else immediately. When I tried to check out and let them know my situation the man at the front desk said I was not allowed to have my service dog with me (even though it was in my booking notes) and that he would upcharge me for the dog and also would not cancel my remaining nights and threatened to charge me for all 8 nights

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
The hotel is in a great location and made getting around incredibly convenient. My room was spacious, clean, and comfortable — exactly what you hope for after a long day of travel. The front desk staff stood out for being both courteous and professional, making check‑in smooth and welcoming. Another big plus is how close the property is to the airport, which made my trip stress‑free from start to finish. I’d happily stay here again.

Vanessa was great. She was very helpful and kind. The property was very clean and close to the National Western Stockshow. I loved the hot tub and pool. I will stay here again in the future! Thank you!

Vanessa F. Was great to us and amazing

Vanessa was fantastic receptionist.  Very kind and helpful

Front staff unable to help much.. Wifi was slow, Microwave gave out a burnt smell when heating coffee, bathroom door would not slide, when asked to send somebody to fix ,they were not available.

El Personal es muy amable, las estancias muy limpias buena ubicación si tu destino es el aeropuerto está serca.Vanessa es excelente para su trabajo.

Vanessa is the best, always attentive to her work. Thank you so much for everything

Everything was excellent i like the location was great place thank you

Very friendly knowledgeable and helpful a nice day
Really

Awesome staff and also very helpful.

Great experience with Raquel checking in. She was very kind & greeted with a smile.

Vanessa was great!

Vanessa was extremely helpful and nice!

Hotel is close to dining and right off the interstate. Hotel is clean and comfortable. Breakfast was limited. Hotel staff was great. Requested a crib and got one right away. No issues.

Positive: It was very quiet, comfortable and convenient. Also, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Negative: It is hard to figure out parking with two hotels right next to each other.

God

So my mattress was not a pillow top. It was hard like a brick. I did not like a hard bed. They should’ve reviews what condition of beds they have. I slept really horrible all night long with a back pain.

Tiona helped me during check in, she was very nice and attentive. I stay at this property often - I love it!  Rooms only received 4 stars for this visit because there was a very strong sewer smell coming from the sink drain; I just closed it while not in use.

Very friendly staffs. I think all holiday Inn is now trying to save money by making the shower’s water pressure weak, I just drove from east coast to west coast and they are all like that along the way 😢

Overall the property its furniture and decor are well dated and certainly not the latest IHG standard. Food selection was typical and boring. Lacking flavor and especially bacon. Still has not updated to the new coffee machines. Hotel staff not versed on IHG programs like "A Greener Stay"  Brand consistency is the expectation not what a franchisee wants.

There was a roach crawling on the counter, food tasted like cardboard + do they even vacuum the breakfast room??? Homeless people everywhere. Water pressure is horrible, barely any hot water. Sundries shop is EMPTY. Outdated rooms needs an upgrade .

Came here on behalf of business and it's so close to where I needed to be with so many food options nearby and a gas station right across the street! The breakfast was also a plus with having variety and incredible staff to make sure I was tended to. I will be coming back for my next business trip!

The room was very clean. The lady at the front desk was also very kind and helpful. Only thing was the tv didnt work that great.

Positive: The staff was excellent, very friendly, and always willing to help. Check-in and check-out were quite quick. I appreciated the cleanliness and how spacious and comfortable the room was. I highly recommend it. Negative: ""

Overall my stay was good. Breakfast was great and the place was clean, with kind staff. My only complaints were that the walls and floors seemed thin and let too much sound through, and my bathroom sink had a faucet that splashed water everywhere.

Very nice and clean hotel. Staff was awesome! Anna left us a clean room and Tori and Steve at the front desk are some of the best front desk attendants you can ask for!

I really want to give this hotel a great review.  Staff were excellent, place was clean, shower was hot, free parking.... ALMOST everything I want in a hotel.  But the bed was awful.  I mean it was just bad.  Stiff, lumpy, and bad nights sleep.  I had planned to stay stay here again on my way out of Denver, but I just can't bring myself to do it.  Solve the bedding issue and let me know when you do and Ill be back.

Everything is fine, Vanessa F help us a lot , excellent costumer service

Vanessa was very helpful finding my priceline reservation. .

Vanessa F made it so easy for me to check in quickly. It was vital to my stay to be able to check in quick and get right up to my room. Everything was nice and clean. I’m so excited that this place is gonna be my new go to.

I had an amazing overall experience at this location thanks to Vanessa at the Front  Desk! Since coming in i was greeted with a warm smile and made the check-in process very quick, she was also very kind, patient and professional and really went out of her way to make sure everything was going great to make me feel comfortable at my stay! Very great hospitality and a wonderful representation of the hotel! Highly recommend staying here you will get taken care off!

I was going through a rough time and was treated with respect and dignity throughout my stay. Especially Vanessa. She was exceptionally kind and considerate as well professional !

Clean and accommodating, Javier really helped me out getting a place to crash after a late cancelation at the airport

Shardall was very nice and super helpful during my stay here ! would recommend anyone from out of state to stay here !

Raquel was wonderful when we first walked in was super helpful and nice welcoming me and my co worker right away and got us into are room immediately fast and great service

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Very nice hotel. I'll be staying there again for few more weeks while I'm on business in Denver.

The hotel was nice however the bed was uncomfortable compared to other Holiday Inn’s, and the room was outdated.

I made a mistake with my booking of 3 rooms and Vanessa was an absolute rockstar helping me straighten it out and get some rooms on a busy day. Her kindness, patience, and assistance were top notch. Couldn’t have been more grateful.

Very comfortable hotel surrounded by good restaurants

Vanessa was the greatest at check-in!

Raquel was the best.

The receptionists for check in and check out we're very friendly and hospitable. The atmosphere was cozy and welcoming as well as quiet and very clean throughout the facility and especially the rooms. Our breakfast was very good coffee was really good in a nice clean comfortable room.

Clean, comfortable bed. TV was not great. Shower could have had better pressure

Very quiet and relaxing atmosphere.  Plenty of food options nearby and close to a lot of attractions.

The staff here was super nice!!! The breakfast was super Yummy. The bath towels were huge and thick and wonderful. A little noise from the next door guests and the garbage truck did wake us up in the early am. Great location and helpful staff.

Comfortable and clean helpful staff. The room was clean as well as bathroom. Had 2 chairs to use. Shower was excellent so glad we didn’t have to slide around in a tub felt much safer with just a shower. Staff was very friendly and accommodating.

This was perfect for what we needed. I normally stay a sister property when I travel to the area but it was booked. But now that I've stayed here I have to say, this has become a new favorite.  The room was clean and spacious.  Staff was friendly.  Breakfast was good and hours were set a good times.

Positive: Price and location.  The bed and shower appeared clean. Negative: The horizontal wood surfaces were dirty.  Leftover food and sticky material.  Talking about the nightstand and dresser.  The bathroom had leftover packaging from makeup remover.  The bathroom floor had lots of missing grout and pieces leftover on floor.

Always great

Great price nice rooms. I think the location is nicely located. They could work on their breakfast a little bit.

Positive: Indoor pool and hot tub jacuzzi Negative: No

Besides a good night's sleep, customer service is most important to me.  The staff here were very helpful, courteous and pleasant to work with.  I travel a lot for work and the staff here made my lodging one of the things I didn't have to worry about.  Booked again for my second trip for this customer.

Clean room, great water pressure in shower, breakfast was good, the only thing was the freshly ground coffee machines found in other Holiday Inn Express locations weren't used here. It was the old urns. But still good coffee.

I cannot speak enough about the young lady. At the front desk who was so beyond friendly.

This is my first trip to Denver and Vanessa was a big help and making my trip memorable

The whole Staff was amazing! Very professional and accommodating especially Vanessa and Maria !! I will definitely return !

My experience at this hotel was amazing especially the whole staff! Vanessa and Maria were amazing!

Clean and budget friendly with incredibly kind staff and delicious cinnamon rolls!

Positive: Easy check in. Negative: ""

Very nice stay! Amazing breakfast too!

Front desk staff member was having trouble getting a guest ahead of me checked in. There was also a minor issue with me checking in. She was very professional and calm in resolving the issue. I appreciated that   she remained calm and patient with the previous guest, and resolved my situation quickly and efficiently. All staff members I encountered were friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a busy area and well used, but maintained and run well.

Positive: Hot breakfast Negative: Mattress was very hard and uncomfortable

Common areas cleanliness and decor 5/5 (for the price point)
Staff Shardall 5/5 Maria 5/5 Norma 5/5 Thanks Ladies!
Pool is fine for the price point 3/5 kind of dark/dingy and would be nice if it was heated.
Towels 1/5 rough and small
Breakfast 5/5 (for the price point)
Parking 3/5 I didn’t have trouble finding a spot but also the spots are weirdly small
Bed comfort 3/5 (even considering the low price)
Overall room rating 3/5 compared to the Holiday Inn room in Albuquerque it isn’t quite as nice. Not as much nice touches like a place to put luggage, nice lighting, outlets, decor is definitely inferior, not as spacious, etc.
Room safety 1/5 has 2 door locks but my first room had some serious floor issues. I kept finding broken tile that my kids could have cut their feet on. (Picture of one of many of the tile pieces I found below, room card for size reference). Also, the tiles weren’t secured well at all, so if you stepped on one side of some of them the other side would come up a little. Because of this and the short shower curtains/lack of shower floor cover, there is water damage. It was crazy. A picture can’t really show all of that and I was too tired to take the time to take a good picture but I put what I had below. So, I switched rooms (which was not handled well but not by the staff mentioned above).
My second room had a crack so large my pinky could almost fit between the door and the wall. Someone easily could have fit a wire between to unlock the door. I luckily had brought some additional door security. Pictured below.

Overall rating 3/5… the great staff really pushed that grade up IMO.

👍

Me and my family were driving from Philadelphia to Las Vegas we needed a Hotel in Colorado to get some rest. But we found a gem with wonderful staff that made you feel so welcome and that really meant a lot. So if you need a stay check out the Holiday in on 12140 E 45th Ave Denver Co 80239

So cool boi, the interior is friggin awesome sauce and literly it's so clean here and it doesn't smell like other stinky poo poo hotels and the lady Vanessa at the front desk is soooo sweet and kewl and the Halloween decorations are cuteness and I'm pretty happy here boiz

This is a remarkably nice, clean, budget-friendly hotel with an excellent breakfast and pool area. The rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are really nice. The location is great and free parking is always a bonus. There is also a good selection of fast food and sit-down restaurants, as well as a big liquor store right across the parking lot. However, the highlight of our entire stay was absolutely the service we received, especially from our front desk representative, Vanessa. She was incredibly kind and friendly, and she made me feel like an old friend visiting a familiar place. We enjoyed it so much, we booked a room for two nights the following weekend, and will continue to stay here when we are in Denver.

Me and my wife love everything about this hotel except the bed.

Nothing wrong with it except our preference of a softer bed. The breakfast, staff, lobby, cleanliness, etc was great. No complaints except the stiff bed.

If you like stiff beds and friendly staff, this is your spot!

Room service sucked

Got a single room the first few nights one of the Executive King Rooms and the bed was wonderful and the room was almost to big lol but all in all I was very impressed. Left for Estes Park for a couple of nights and came back and had to get a double room because it was all that was available and ended up having to pay more for than the Executive Suite! And the room was pretty bad. It smelt like smoke, beds were just horrendous and everything was pretty worn. I didnt see a difference between it and a Quality Inn honestly and you can get a room there for half the price at the very most.

Very clean and was greeted upon arrival with a water bottle band a snack which was nice. Loved the fact they had a pool and hot tub that stayed open a lot later than I have originally thought. It was a nice big room and the surrounding areas were very quiet

The staff was great and attentive to my needs. I wish the gym was open 24 hours like the sign stated, but I guess it opens at 7am.

Good location and a really great staff!!  Helpful with directions and information. The morning desk person [Natalie, Natasha?] on Wednesday was particularly friendly and engaging.  Will definitely stay again.  Wish all of our stays were this nice.

Paul and Donna Breese

the worker Vanessa Fernandez was the nicest worker ever, she’s really kind and puts other before herself. if you stay here she’ll take care of you for sure.

Spent a week there. Never got a single cleaning service, no trash thrown out, no fresh towels. Same for my coworkers, who complained several times, but still not one room got cleaned.

Stayed here with my family for a trip we planned ahead of time and we met the most wonderful young lady at the front desk! Vanessa she checked us out and hit every check point !

Positive: "" Negative: The air conditioners are way too loud at night

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Delayed Travel Arrival with family made a great check in experience very appreciated Much Respect and gratitude to Aira  Overnight front desk attendant thank you for the great customer service and detailed help on our visit.

Great service, very clean and quiet. Ask for Vanessa Fernandez she’s the best!!

Says pet friendly but it's not. Dogs only up to 50lbs

Great convenient location very nice and helpful front desk staff I want to send a special thank you to the Night Auditor Aira for helping me with food dietary option restaurant choices in area and helping me get settled at check in with my room it means alot when you walk in to professional  courteous service!

Shardall is top notch.
Second day in the job but she absolutely exemplified everything I’ve come to expect from Holiday Inn throughout my travels.

She knocked it out of the park, was beyond helpful, and very energetic about her job. That’s pleasant to see in a world that has trade customer service for automated systems.

She carried herself eloquently, her demeanor positive, and her willingness to engage in conversation impeccable.

Top notch customer service from Shardall and her manager!!

Seamless and quick check in!

This hotel has many nice amenities. However, the management does not effectively separate rooms between youth sports teams and other guests. I had to check out at 04:30 and despite 3 noise complaints after 18:00. I wasn’t able to get the desk to address the noise next door until 23:30.

I don’t write reviews but I was so touched by miss Vanessa yesterday morning, after a long day with a rollercoaster of emotions Vanessa was nothing but friendly, warm and helpful with everythinggg I hope this hotel gives her a raise for her hard work:)

Rooms are great, only concerns was with breakfast a lot of things were missing, apparently they didn't get a delivery from the food service but end of the day it's the management problem. No yogurt, no milk, no eggs, no dessert/ muffins, the cinnamon roll isn't there. Bananas are stale like almost spoilt. Butter paper in the omlets. Little disappointed. Giving 3 stars because I have been here a couple of days before and it was great.

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The General Manager, Raquel, went above and beyond to ensure I was well taken care of. The property was exceptionally clean, and I was pleasantly surprised to receive an upgrade thanks to my status, which made my stay even more enjoyable. Breakfast was fresh and satisfying, and every staff member I interacted with was friendly and welcoming. Overall, the service and hospitality exceeded my expectations, and I would gladly return on my next visit.

My daughter and I were in Denver for a basketball tournament. We found this hotel as it was between downtown and the airport.
When we arrived we had a 1 bedroom suite.
The room was huge. Nice living area and a king size bed in the other room. It was one of the biggest rooms I have had at a Holiday Inn Express. Too bad we didn't get to enjoy it.

Our issue came in the first night. At 2 am I started hearing water dripping. I went into the bathroom to check and water was pouring from the ceiling into the bathroom. I called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. 10 minutes later security showed up and said he would look into it. It ends up that the person above us fell asleep with the water on in the tub. Now it has been around 20 minutes in the middle of the night. I called back to the front desk asking for a new room. I was told they were sold out and that they couldn't help me. We couldn't stay where we were. I was told to wait and she would get back to me.
Finally 15 minutes later someone came up and they moved us to another room as someone didn't show up. Good thing since I don't know what we would have done without a room. This room was OK but not as nice and not what we paid for. Finally back to sleep.

The next morning I went to speak to the front desk about the issue and to see what they would do for us due to the issue. The person working was not very helpful and said they could give us some IHG points. This was not acceptable. I asked for a manger and was told she was on maternity leave. I asked for someone that could help me. She said someone would be in later in the day. Finally I found someone to help. She said she couldn't guarantee but she gave me her number and told me she would call me when she resolved the issue. Finally we were taken care of. Crazy experience.

The experience at this hotel was everything I could have wanted. It was clean throughout. The staff was friendly and helpful. The breakfast was kept up with and delicious. I appreciated the check in and check out process being fast and easy. Will stay again.

We had to leave early due to a death in the family. Expedia confirmed the refund decision was up to the hotel and even contacted them on our behalf, but the staff still refused. Even after showing the obituary, they would not refund the two unused nights. Very disappointed in the lack of compassion. Stayed under the name "Whalen", not Littlejohn.

Torey was Great! Nice place to stay kids enjoy the pool and hot tub! Breakfast was amazing!

Excellent stay with very friendly staff! Extremely clean room! Torey was an excellent front desk manager!

My daughter and I were in Denver for a basketball tournament. We found this hotel as it was between downtown and the airport. When we arrived we had a 1 bedroom suite. The room was huge.  Nice living area and a king size bed in the other room. It was one of the biggest rooms I have had at a Holiday Inn Express. Too bad we didn’t get to enjoy it. ||Our issue came in the first night. At 2 am I started hearing water dripping. I went into the bathroom to check and water was pouring from the ceiling into the bathroom.  I called the front desk and they said they would send someone up. 10 minutes later security showed up and said he would look into it. It ends up that the person above us fell asleep with the water on in the tub. Now it has been around 20 minutes in the middle of the night. I called back to the front desk asking for a new room. I was told they were sold out and that they couldn’t help me. We couldn’t stay where we were. I was told to wait and she would get back to me. Finally 15 minutes later someone came up and they moved us to another room as someone didn’t show up.  Good thing since I don’t know what we would have done without a room. This room was OK but not as nice and not what we paid for. Finally back to sleep. ||The next morning I went to speak to the front desk about the issue and to see what they would do for us due to the issue. The person working was not very helpful and said they could give us some IHG points. This was not acceptable. I asked for a manger and was told she was on maternity leave. I asked for someone that could help me. She said someone would be in later in the day.   Finally I found someone to help. She said she couldn’t guarantee but she gave me her number and told me she would call me when she resolved the issue. Finally we were taken care of.  Crazy experience.

Positive: Great friendly staff Negative: No

Positive: Location and price. Negative: To close to the elevator and ac made to much noise.

Staff was excellent from the moment we walked in to the moment we checked out everyone was friendly made us feel valued we really enjoyed our stay would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a quiet place

Hotel is a little older.  Not a big deal.  Staff is friendly.  However, the beds are rock hard.  Leaving with back pain I have never experienced before.  Be warned.  We won't return until mattresses have been replaced.

The breakfast was good. Rooms are clean. The rooms are quite. The Workout room was lacking. It had a few mismatched dumbbells, treadmill, elliptical, and a bike

Positive: Hotel is nice, clean and spacious. Everything is functional Negative: ""

Very clean & comfortable, & all staff are pleasant & welcoming. Breakfast is very good. Only one perplexing thing for which my overall rating dropped one star. Every evening, when returning to the hotel, the entire place smells like sewer back-up. Lobby, elevators, hallways, & room. The odor is strong but by morning & all day, everything is fresh again. We will definitely stay here again, & I'm sure by next time they will have the sewer issue fixed. This FYI should not deter anyone from staying here. And will likely be repaired soon.

The entire hotel stunk like dirty water when we arrived. They didn't have us sign anything about our car which put me very ill at ease for its safety. When we arrived to our room, it was pitch black inside. The room was dirty with the curtains having weird brown stains and the table greasy with weird droplets that looked like candle wax. The headboard was broken and clearly missing a strip with only dry glue in its place and mattresses were rock solid. We were in a ADA room so it was extremely spacious. I found it concerning that when we arrived at 4pm that they already gave us an ADA room and didnt hold it for someone else who might need it. You can also hear everything above you, so if you arent on the top floor enjoy the stomping of what sounds like herds of elephants above you.

All the trashes where overflowing and at 7am almost all the hot food was gone. There was never someone at the front desk morning or evening, and when someone finally came from the back, they were nice but unprofessional being on personal phone calls while assiting customers. This was the worst Holiday Inn we have ever stayed in. Would not recommend.

Positive: We liked this hotel very much, we stayed here two times.  The rooms are large and clean.  The staff and breakfast were terrific. Negative: ""

Stayed here because I had a 7 AM flight from nearby Denver International Airport. Room was reasonably clean; not great. Neighborhood was dicey, and the parking lot was not fenced, so I put a brake pedal lock on the car to increase the odds that it'd be there in the morning. Could have let all the defects slide except for one thing: I discovered that they started breakfast at 6:30 AM (long after I would have to be at the airport) and DID NOT HAVE ANY GRAB-AND-GO food for early travelers. I managed with a protein bar I'd brought, but frankly it isn't acceptable for an airport-adjacent hotel not to have SOME provision to feed early travelers. Will stay elsewhere next time.

Palma at front desk was super friendly and helpful!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

the pool and hot tub need painting and the shower door in my room need fixing.  everything else was great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Good location and clean rooms. Breakfast had a variety of choices.

Clean rooms. Not too far from the airport. Beds and pillows are comfortable too. Would come back

This hotel offered everything we needed for our short stay. Location was convenient, breakfast was very good, room was spacious and very clean, bed was a bit too firm for my preference.  The fitness center was very small with only a few weights and machines.

The hotel was average- not nice and not horrible. Rooms needed to be cleaner, tub was shore draining and AC unit was loud and clunky. Beds were fine, breakfast was typical, location was busy but nice to have lots of food options close by.

Stayed here for 4 days for a work thing. Nice room, comfy bed, nice shower. Room was clean very clean, soft pillows.

Great place to stay

Rooms were clean, breakfast was AMAZING!!

Employees are kind, helpful and went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable and fun
May and Steven, Maquel just to name a few super stars! Housekeeping , pool staff and breakfast staff keep the facility at its best!!

Best vacation !!!

Place was very clean and I recommend coming here.

The cinnamon buns are awesome! Nice people, very clean hotel with ample parking.  The room was very clean. No USB charging in the room, that would be a huge benefit to add in the future. Also - $6.00 to wash and dry one load of laundry is a bit outrageous.

Close to highway with dining options nearby..  The Internet has an initial burst of speed and then slows down to around 22nbps.  This only matters if you're trying to do some cloud gaming.

Positive: The staff was great. Very friendly and helpful. Negative: ""

Hotel limpo e café da manhã gostoso! Voltaria, com certeza!

Excellent though even the discounted $185 is a little steep. Breakfast was very good.  Note, the elevators make a huge noise and shake like hell when the go to the fifth floor!

Positive: Breakfast and staff Negative: Bathrooms should have fans.

Front desk was middling. Some of the staff were very helpful and others were not.

I just wanted to write a review today. I had excellent service for my stay here at the Holiday Inn express E. Peoria St. there was a little bit of noise coming from the room next-door when coming to find out, it was actually an older disabled man who wasn’t feeling that well. I went to the front desk, and Janaya was more than accommodating. She switched my rooms and by no means was I asking for an upgrade or anything but she was absolutely so wonderful that I had to write this review.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Complimentary breakfast Negative: ""

My customer service experience with Amber was excellent!

Amazing hotel, excellent hospitality and service. Vraiment incroyable merci à Amber

Great service great customer service Amber was the best she helped us to make the check in very smooth
She was very professional and very respectful

Positive: Receptionist was great.  Gave us a great room and answered all our questions about the local area. Negative: ""

Positive: The room and bedding, pillows etc Negative: Parking was shared with the hotel next to it

Really nice place clean and affordable!

This was by far my most pleasant stay in a Holiday Inn. I was there for 4 nights. Our room was clean, bed and pillows were comfortable, they cleaned the room daily. The breakfast every morning was good and the staff was really nice. I would rebook next time in Denver.

Best place I stay at when visiting Colorado. I always have very great customer service here . Desk attendants are always so nice and friendly ! Amber was one of my favorites visiting this hotel, great vibes and very friendly . Very Awsome. Definitely recommend this place . Never have nothing to complain about . My go to place !!

Amber, the front desk person is amazing! She was so warm and welcoming and took care of everything quickly.  After a horrible experience at the airport,  it was so nice to be greeted with a friendly smile and such a professional attitude. If I owned a business, this is who I'd want representing it! Thank you Amber, for making a rough day better!

Positive: Very clean, nice size rooms, good breakfast selection. Negative: Parking was not as great as it is with other hotels.

There aren't many places to park and I thinkThey need to put a couple more towels, the unit air conditioner Doesn't work properly

Clean and comfortable hotel. Staff at the frontdesk and house keeping were very helpful. Breakfast was nice, could have liked few more options, but not a big deal. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking for a stay in this area.

love a good holiday inn after a long road trip. the staff were very friendly and helpful, even rearranging our rooms so we could be near our friends. the breakfast is definitely on the higher end of hotel breakfasts and the facilities were very clean. the location is great too, just a 10-15 minute drive to downtown Denver. only note would be the beds and pillows, a little firm for me, but overall a very nice stay.

Great hospitality! Great breakfast and I we are very Satisfied!.

Amber was nice and helpful. She got me a usb plug for my phone. Thank you Amber for everything

Amber was amazing. Absolutely will be staying here again.

Our flight was canceled and we were left with no answers of other options of getting home (thanks United). We were able to book this hotel while all the others in the area were full. Even though we arrived at 3:30am their front desk, Shay, got us as well as several others checked in to our rooms for the night. She was kind and helped a ton. Thank you!

The front desk and other staff were very nice and cordial. Room was clean but the bottom sheet was very pilly,  The gym was nice.  The crispy bacon was amazing!

Great location, friendly staff, clean rooms! Would recommend

A good location ,nice rooms, reasonably priced, my only complaint was the morning breakfast. on the first morning the egg omelets and sausage were cold, second morning the biscuit's and gravy was missing, food lukewarm. Sleeping was difficult due to upstairs noise, I ask to be moved, but was told all rooms were booked and was unable to relocate to another room , so I used ear plugs to help.

Was a good safe place (for the area) to stay the night. A little high priced but it was a weekend. Food was good for a continental breakfast. Rooms were clean and staff was friendly. Would stay again. Amber is amazing!!

Amber was great, very helpful and pleasant to us after a day full of traveling!

Amber at holiday inn express was awesome and very helpful.

Fantastic Staff and clean, well-kept facilities. Very impressed with the maintenance of this place.

Staying here is great. There is a lot of parking around back and more than enough for everyone. The rooms are quiet, clean, and ready to go. The staff and Amber especially, has been very helpful. Thank you for making my stay amazing.

Miguel was wonder to work with. Great service and a great customer care.

Amber was so warm and welcoming, such a big help and made check in so much easier for me!

Good breakfast

Miguel and the Holiday Inn Express & Suites team saved us when our flights were delayed — providing friendly service when we needed a place to stay.

Shay, at the front desk,  was above and beyond.  She went out of her way every step. The kind of person an employer should treasure.

Very clean location and a very professional,  hard working staff!

Amber was so nice helping me out,

Amber was really helpful great service !

Shay and May were both amazing front desk clerks. The gentleman taking care of the breakfast on Thursday (5/15). All staff have been amazing!

Always stay here when I’m in town for work. The hotel is always clean, the staff is always helpful (especially Miguel!) and the price is right.

Excellent service from Miguel at the front desk.

Amber was absolutely amazing. Super sweet, helpful, and overall just a delight. Very rarely do I feel like customer service workers GENUINELY care about my experience, how my day went, etc. I think we are all guilty of caring a little less than we should even, sometimes honestly. But not Amber. From the phone call to the hotel which she happily answered, to the wonderful check in experience she provided, all the way down to open door (despite it being after hours, meaning one would normally need a key to open the door) she really made me feel warm, welcome, and appreciated, which totally made my entire experience, all before I ever even opened the door to my room. Thank you, Amber. You rock!!

Amber was super helpful

Amber did a great job of helping me with my stay.

Good sleep, quite hotel 

The only downside i havent received any rewards points for my stays but this could be because of CLC lodging

This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had staying at a hotel… when I walked in to check in the whole place stunk horribly bad… all interactions I had with staff were OK but definitely not the friendliest. I parked my car directly out front of the front entrance to this hotel. There was damage done to my vehicle a few thousand dollars worth. I went directly to the front desk and told the kid there what had happened he said management would get a hold of me. That never happened. I had to repetitively call. Upon calling for the most part, the manager was somewhat nice however made many empty promises. She told me she would get the video footage as she did have it and would send it to me… that never happened. She also told me their sister hotel who is directly in front of the Hotel as well would get their footage and that would be sent to me as well. Again that never happened. I also never got follow up calls. I had to reach out each time. The last couple times I had communication with management. I was laughed at, and I felt like I was mocked. When this situation first happened, the young kid working at the front desk seem to know exactly who it caused the damage. As he gave a full description of her and her vehicle. I do not know 100% but I do have a very strong feeling the hotel is covering up because the person that caused the damage either works there know somebody that works there or is a regular.. they are now telling me they no longer have the footage because it’s only good for 10 days. This happened 31 days ago. I contacted them within five minutes of the damaging happening and nobody ever cared to follow up or help. So unless you want to be laughed at mocked at and have damage to your vehicles with no repercussion… I would never stay here again!!

This is a good hotel. That said, the rooms are not as quiet as I’d like. I’m always have problems with the neighbors making noise, whether is some loud guy on a phone, a couple getting busy, or doors slamming at all hours of the night.

They have a nice pool and hot tub. Workout room is pretty weak.

Janaya was so welcoming & helpful at check in, best first impression ever.
The rooms were spacious, bed linens clean, butter soft and bed/pillows comfortable.
Blackout curtains thank you, I sleep with white noise so the nearby traffic was no issue. The bathroom was clean, spacious and the shower had excellent water pressure. The lighting was dim in the bathroom. Breakfast okay, but I never count on hotel breakfast for a full fill up.
It’s just a convenience to get me started.
My biggest complaint isn’t the establishment- it’s rude PEOPLE.
If you know you’re not on the ground floor, maybe try walking lightly so as not to disturb the people below you. It sounded like we had a cow above us stomping back and forth.
Plenty of parking.. It was a great place to stay, I would recommend it.

Hotel was OK, not the nicest ones of IHG‘s. I’ve stayed in. Will use it again for business though. We would like to see better pillows on the beds and maybe upgrade the mattresses! Kind of sunk in them.

Yushia was very helpful and sweet: she got us checked in was very nice and was all around great! I love staying at this hotel and now I do even more because of Yushia’s hospitality !
I will be back in the future!
Thanks again for the great check in

Great stay! They had an office with a printer, oool was clean breakfast was good! They went above and beyond !

The room was pretty good, about what you'd expect and the housekeeping staff were awesome. Sunday morning there was no towels to be seen in the pool area and the hot tub had a not appealing couple inches thick layer of foamy material (really foamy) on top of the water that did not look normal. Perhaps it was just because it was Sunday morning after the weekend. A fair amount of foot traffic back and forth around and close to the hotel, just a heads up.

Great stay!! Friendly and professional staff, clean room and hotel, great water pressure in shower, overall fantastic place to stay! Exceeded my expectations!

Room was clean and check in was easy. Staff was nice. But the bed was rock hard and the fridge did not work. Pool and hot tub were tiny but what kids really care, they had a good time anyway. Thought we were gonna get stuck in the elevator a few times. Breakfast was horrible. Eggs were yucky, cinnamon rolls and sausage were not refilled, pancake machine was "not working". Pretty much there was fruit loops.

The room.was okay but needs tlc. Finishing pieces missing from headboards. No bedakirts to cover ugly green box springs. Beds were very hard. Breakfast was the worse part. Went at 8am. No plates. No coffee. No more sausage patties. Little hot food choices available. Right after kitchen staff put out more coffee and potatoes, 5 hotel employees came in and served themselves while several hotel guests were trying to get food. So not cool!

The digital key option didn’t work, and I was assigned a room far from the entrance. I parked near my room, assuming I could enter easily, only to find myself forced to walk all the way around the building on ice-covered sidewalks. When I pointed out how pointless it was to offer a digital key and room selection if the system doesn’t function, my concerns were quickly dismissed.

We used the Holiday Inn Express as a first stop off of our plane into Denver. It served as the perfect launchpad for our National Parks adventure! We will come back in the years ahead. Students loved the wifi, fitness, and breakfast.

Older hotel but the room was clean. PTAC was too noisy, sounded like someone was breathing heavily.

Good: Room was reasonably quiet and comfortable. Hotel has free parking / breakfast, and a pool / hot tub. Front desk staff were polite. The breakfast attendant seemed very on top of keeping the room clean, and stocked.

Meh:

Breakfast on first day didn't have Eggs (weird). No non-dairy options for milk. Oatmeal is packets. Hours for breakfast end at 9:30AM which is pretty early. Bananas were always bruised. It wasn't awful, but not a great breakfast.

No bottles of water were offered on check-in- even though I'm an IHG member. None were in the room. There is no vending machine. Their mini store ran out. The tap water smells pretty bad, and taste gross here, so plan accordingly. Just a hassle.

The pool didn't have towels. I stopped by the front desk, and asked for pool towels... They said they'd call housekeeping... I got in the pool. 20 min later, no towels. I called from the pool phone... Someone eventually came with towels. Annoying.

Internet was super slow at first, but then worked OK later.

Housekeeping never made an effort to clean my room. Maybe you have to request - but this wasn't made clear. If they are going to play that game, then A) let you know, and B) provide more than two towels in a room.

There are no trash receptacles in the property - except hidden in the ice rooms. This sounds minor, but because none exist, patrons just throw their trash on the floor in the hallways and in the stairways. Eventually staff might pick it up, but it's gross and the problem is preventable.

One elevator was out of service, and I was on the 5th floor. This can occur at any property, but it made the stay less enjoyable.

Overall, it's an OK property, but it seems like they cut costs more than other budget hotels do with things like no eggs, no water, no trash cans, etc.

PTAC unit was EXTREMELY loud, sounded like someone breathing heavily.  The bathroom is too dark, & there was hair in the bathtub drain that wasn't mine.  First morning, there was no coffee.  If found attendant, and then had to wait while he made more coffee.  Breakfast buffet not appealing to the eye; the omelets looked nasty, the bananas were too brown.

I loved our stay here, however the first two nights the hot tub wasn't open.  And when it was,  the water in the hot tub was not very hot. The maids only cleaned our room once thoroughly, the other time they just cleaned the bathroom. I did love the deep bathtub and the different shower sprayer as well as the bench seat. I think all the rooms in the hotel should have that. I always love the complimentary breakfast. The music they had in the lobby was always very nice. I just love the staff. One in particular. The one lady who normally works evenings with the beautiful black cherry long brown hair. She is such a blessing. She has always helped me out when I needed something. You have employed an Angel. She is so loved. By me. And of course her husband. They are a beautiful couple.And the older Hispanic guy in the breakfast room in the mornings is always so pleasant. And keeps up on making sure everything is stocked for breakfast.

From a diamond elite member, thank you, your staff was very helpful in our time of need

We were greeted by friendly staff at the front desk. Hotel was clean and room was nice. Breakfast was good for a free breakfast. Scrambled eggs or omelets, bacon or sausage, pancakes (no waffles), toast, bagels, yogurt, etc. The only complaints are the bed mattress was not the best quality as it was not very comfortable and we had noisy neighbors at 2:00 am & could hear them through the wall. Overall good experience and good value. Would stay here again.

The beds need to be upgraded. They are worn hard and uncomfortable. The room, although it was brutally cold outside was not ever quite warm enough. Upgrading the curtains would help to block the cold.

Super easy to check in. Breakfast is real good, and staff are always cheerful and helpful. Definitely recommended.

My experience with this hotel has been a good one. The staff is friendly and courteous. I left my water bottle in the breakfast room one morning by mistake and did not realize that I had done this until I arrived back to the hotel later that afternoon. I was relieved to learn that they had found it and had stored it until I went back to claim it. I appreciated that very much. The only thing that I would say could be improved is the hot water to the upper floors. I was on the 4th floor and it took a good 10 minutes or so for the hot water to reach my room. Other than that, all is good. Thank you.

Friendly staff and very accommodating.

The minute I walked in I was greeted by a lovely young lady by the name Sheree,  she checked us in and was very helpful with questions and was very welcoming! The rooms were very clean and smelled very clean but the beds were a lil to hard for my liking. Would recommend but would like for better beds!

I travel for work and I’ve stayed at a lot of hotels but this hotel is my favorite. I have stayed at this hotel for some time now and the rooms are always clean. As for the service…..I can’t say enough good things. May & Sheree….thank you for your great service! I appreciate it very much.

We’ve been staying here since it opened. We come to Aurora for Doctors appointments 2x a year.Wore out mattresses and stained linens.  Holes in screens. Very rundown.  Price goes up quality goes down.

Servicio 8/10, limpieza 4/10, mascotas adentro 😡😡, no vuelvo

Stuff was amazing, shout out to Janaya was the heart of the place , she was warm and very welcoming to the hotel, knowledgeable and very polite

Great quiet location, very peaceful,clean,and welcoming the staff is very kind and helpful overall 1000/1000
Ill be back soon nice little get away o yes and the rooms are very spacious,let not forget the dove hygiene products omg 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳😘

I stayed for work, nice place

Cheap hotel, clean guest room, comfortable bed, and rich breakfast,

Very disappointed that because I booked thru Military Exchange that I don’t get points. I stay at Holiday Inn often and my work books hotel and I get points. But because I am a Veteran and booked thru there and get no points

One of the crummier Holiday Inn Expresses that I have stayed at. Service was not great. Rooms had not been updated in a while. Facilities had consistently had small malfunctions, including the elevator.

Good hotel.. hot water good pressure on the shower.. theroom was spacious and clean.. breaks was right on part for holiday inn. Desk girl was nice..

Reason for only 3 stars... the bed sucked.. hard and lumpy woke up super stiff. Worse bed I've ever slept on in a hotel.

Great staff and hotel. Pretty good breakfast as well. Clean rooms.

What else can I say, we were completely satisfied with all your services no question. Your location from Denver International Airport and dining facilities and other services were designed just right.

Would give negative stars if possible. I want my refund. Still waiting to talk to the manager

This was the worst hotel experience I've ever been a part of. We were told to leave because they were just looking out for us they got a call that we were scammers using someone else's account to pay and the police were coming we rushed out of course nobody wants to deal with the authorities and a bunch of things were left in the room and wen I tried to get them back they had the nerve to tell me they don't have access to those rooms, wen I know they can just make a key and go to the room.

Rooms were very clean and spacious. The staff was super nice. Only con was the beds were not comfortable, about as hard as a rock.

Staff was friendly and helpful.  The lobby, dining area and rooms were clean and overall everything looked clean and taken care of.

The beds seam older not as comfortable as other places. But I like a super soft mattress!!!!!!!

Would give -10 stars if possible. Greeted by a hostile hotel clerk and denied our rooms even though we had already paid and had to get a room at another hotel. Claimed I was being homophobic towards them. I'm LGBTQIA+, I literally had a rainbow pin on my hat while talking with them. This place needs to revisit how they treat people at the door and that clerk needs to learn how to treat people with even a modicum of decency. Plenty of other hotels in the area, dodge this spot and save yourself from being berated upon walking in.

Very good location between airport and downtown.  Hotel is clean, though the hallway is always wet with pool water.  Breakfast area is clean and food is typical holiday inn express quality.  Recommend it for a quick stop.

The hotel staff was wonderful. They helped me so much after a horrible experience with the hotel across the street. 100% recommend

Hotel close to lots of places to eat. Easy to find and parking isn’t an issue

Very professional staff, especially those doing the breakfast shift.

Every thing was good. From the friendly greeting to the cleanliness of the room. They had a small snack area near reception that had drinks, snacks and even ice-cream. Bed was comfortable. Breakfast was OK for a hotel. Everything worked well in the room. TV was easy to operate.

Holiday Inn Express Denver East Peoria Street is conveniently located close to the interstate with about a 20 minute drive to DIA, had clean, quiet rooms and plenty of great options at their complimentary breakfast. Would recommend this location for a quick trip or long stay in the Denver area.

Hotel is close to the airport and very well maintained. Room was clean. Breakfast was good and check-out was easy.

Check in was easy and getting into our room a little early was nice.  Plus they offered a later check out so we didn't have to hang out at the airport any extra time.  Did have a problem with our door key not working a couple times but they were quick to get us a new key.  The hot breakfast were delicious and plentiful.

Not bad but nothing nice either. Place is average. Free breakfast and free parking. Most staff are rude even when asking for simple requests.

Everyone was very friendly that you came in contact with but the beds are awful my back is still hurting

A decent stay but could use some updates. The beds were not very comfortable and the shower was on the colder side of warm. The staff were friendly and attentive.

Feeling like you are in the same room as copulating people and others partying, shouting, talking in the corridor all added up to a poor experience I was very happy to extricate myself from first thing in the morning!

I love that it's very clean and the staff is friendly. This is my third time staying at this hotel and I will continue to everytime I'm in Denver. The breakfast is good. The only thing is the water pressure in the shower is strong at all. But there are several restaurants walking distance.

The stay at the hotel was very nice, room was clean and comfortable. The bathrooms at this location were spacious and very roomy. Overall the stay was great and had no problems.

The staff there is amazing. I was there with my associate, and we were amazed. Elena in the afternoon, Ron at night and May in the morning go above & beyond. They remembered our names, asked about our days and had coffee ready for us.

Friendly staff, clean rooms, very nice amenities, great breakfast, and super convenient location.

Called early to see if room was available to check in. It was. Greeted with a friendly face and helpful information. Was able to access hotel easily from Denver and airport via the RTD system. Hot tub was very relaxing.

Outdated hotel and unfriendly staff. Uncomfortable beds but rooms were clean. Breakfast bar was always empty and you had to ask for fresh food or coffee. Hotel surroundings are somewhat sketchy. Did not give me a bottle of water at check in even when I asked for one and showed elite membership level which they did not recognize upon arrival. Offered to sell me a $4 bottle of water!

Staff was very friendly and building and room were very clean

Everything was good and pleasant, Only issue was the neighbors upstairs were loud. I don’t know if it was their footsteps that bothered me or just the odd timing they were awake

The property was in an odd location with poor parking layout. The air conditioner in the room sounded and worked terrible. The back door wouldn’t open with the key. There were people constantly banging in and out of their rooms all night long. Overall one of the the worst places I’ve stayed.

Bring your own quarts if you want to use their laundry. $3 for each machine and they didn't have $10 in quarters...

I travel for work quite frequently and see a lot of hotels across the country. This holiday inn was perhaps the best hotel I've stayed at in throughout my travels. This particular weekend the hotel was accommodating a rowdy group of folks in town for 4 nights of phish. This can be challenging for anyone that is not used to the late-night partying and loud music. I was surprised to see the staff so welcoming and accommodating to all the phish fans, me included. One of my friends was injured in getting out of his wheelchair and the front desk staff kept him calm and got him the appropriate medical attention he needed. Aside from the exceptional customer service, the place remained spotless. The cleaning and housekeeping were constant. Phish fans can get dirty from partying all night, but the hotel was nearly always being mopped and cleaned up. The hotel guests were all in agreement. We all felt at home and that kept us all well rested and relaxed from the partying! I look forward to booking here again in the future and certainly next year for phish.



Warmest Regards,

breakfast time starts at 6:30 am and not at 7 am like the other Holiday Inn Express's I've stayed at.

We stayed here for an event at Dick’s Sporting Goids Stadium, and the staff were very accommodating. We arrived very late, and they held our reservations and had everything ready to go, two minute check in. They let us check out late, and we’re so friendly.

Loved this stay. Rooms were spacious and clean. Breakfast was great, staff were friendly and free parking was an added bonus. I would most definitely stay here again - no issues had and was in a fantastic location. Close to multiple restaurants. Facilities and cleanliness of the hotel was great - fitness centre and pool and jacuzzi area were great also.

We flew in and had a rental car.  Hotel is short drive from airport and a short drive into downtown Denver.  Excellent hotel for the price as other locations were substantially more and did not include parking or breakfast.

My pickup was broken into in the parking lot. This isn't the fault of the hotel, but more the location. I was hoping to get video from Hotel Surveillance, but the front desk "could not help". I was told multiple times that a manager would contact me, but this never happened. I've stayed here annually for business over the past 10 years, but wont be back again.

Clean and friendly enough would recommend to friends and family.  Easy access from intestate as well.

Please improve the card system otherwise I like everything including customer service, location, and quitenes.

I like the promotion opportunities offered by IHG, and I think this is a good chance for members to explore more different hotels which normally are not on a list.

Good job! 

By the way, I really hope the choices of breakfast could be more variety.

The place needs a renovation.  The floors to include the shower sounded as if they would cave in at any time.  The bedsheets were either stained or dirty with what looked like footprints.  The toilet did not flush properly.  The bed and pillows were uncomfortable.  The staff did not speak English.

Great hotel, and if you are OK with IHG’s slimy privacy policies, I highly recommend this property.
Unfortunately, my policies prohibit doing business with companies that exploit their loyal customers, puts my business and family at risk to violate my basic human right to privacy just so they can make a few extra bucks by selling our data to scammers, the dark web, and anyone else that will pay them money for your personal information.

This is a nice hotel, the rooms are clean and spacious. The downfall is their mattresses are awful, and they know they're awful, because they've had many complaints from everyone about them being so hard and painful to sleep on. But they choose to do nothing to fix the problem. Which is why this got a three stars. The reason people go to hotels is to sleep. If it's a horrible night's sleep it's not worth the money that they charge you for it.

Very Very poor customer service. Never thought this place would be like this

Hotel room was clean. Mattress in our room was old & hurt my back. Made it hard to sleep. Breakfast was disappointing. I am not sure if the attendant couldn't keep up with the demand or what. But took forever to have items restocked & some never were restocked.

Great location, cleanliness and friendly staff, good food, pool was very clean 
Close to the highways..

Tv did not work in room. Brought problem up to the staff, the came to the room to verify the tv didn't work. Stated that they were going to have it fixed the next day. Tv was never fixed. Note was left by staff for manager to contact me, to which I was never contacted. Attempted to reach out to manager days later, unfortunately she was not there. Staff on the phone was extremely rude .

This property is an indication that the quality of the Holiday Inn Express brand is declining. The rooms are dark and a little musty. Housekeeping seems to focus on the bare minimum. Was NOT treated courteously at checkout.

Overall the hotel and amenities were fine. Location is right off the highway. Front desk girls were friendly. Room was clean. 
Breakfast attendant was crabby and rude. When asked for more product she threw a fit. Gabe is cold cinnamon rolls and refused to try and help fix the pancake machine. Simply put she is there to do a job and failed at it!

The rooms were outdated and the ac unit barely functioning with an obnoxious sounding fan.

Thank you for wanting my input & opinion. It does show a level of concern & commitment. I hope we can reach a resolution to this matter quickly.

Man at the front desk Friday May 19th at 11pm was extremely RUDE. I wanted to slap the smirk off his face. Needs alot of training on how to deal with guests cause he sucked.

Bed was comfortable and ac worked good. Housekeeping entered our room at 830, just buzzed in CHECKOUT IS AT 11 SO WHY ARE YOU ENTERING MY ROOM AT 830?

One night was enough and never again. Much better hotels around.

No one was there to help when we checkin. We booked 2 rooms and they have given both rooms on different floor.

I had the greatest sleep. Had no complications whatsoever. I did just want to mention that we did have enough toilet tissues

We always stay at this hotel when we travel for doctors appointments. We feel safe. The hotel has always been clean and comfortable. We will be back!

Hotel management understood our issues and figured an acceptable alternative solution.  They were cordial and helpful.  Breakfast could have been more selective & prepared earlier.  Perhaps other breakfast solutions could of been offered: order their night before & delivered to the room for final preparations by us, or pickup at checkout.

Everything was as expected.  Check in was easy and the staff was very nice.  Rooms where clean and comfortable.

This hotel was a stop-over on our vacation.  It is conveniently located off I-70 with several fast food options nearby.  The exit does require some fast lane changing to be able to turn on Peoria, and we arrived at rush hour.  The room was clean, bed was comfortable, and linens were nice.  The A/C unit in our room was very noisy, and breakfast was below average for a complimentary hotel breakfast.  Hotel staff was not rude, but there was nothing about them to brag about either.  The front desk clerk finished her project before greeting me, and a different front desk person was dismissive when we eventually resorted to telling her there were several things that needed attention in the dining area at breakfast (no plates, no hot water, and several items were out).  Okay place.  No reason not to stay there, but really no reason to advise you to choose it over any of the other options in the area.

Stayed here on business due to location.  Probably the best in the area, large, comfortable room, great shower, comfortable bed.  Air conditioning unit seemed a little noisy but room stayed cool over night with it turned off.

Easy to access, friendly staff, pretty clean overall! Breakfast was satisfactory, beds were a little hard. The floor tiles were loose in our bathroom, appear to be missing grout.

The staff was very helpful and friendly. The breakfast choices were good. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Would definitely stay here again.

The staff was Friendly 
The rooms were Clean 
The front staff was Helpful
We would stay there again. 
The pool and hot tub were clean and a good temperature. 
We had a leave earlier than expected. I was able to get my money back for the night I didn’t use.

The Front Desk team always goes above and beyond and it really makes me feel special. Each time I enter the building. I’m greeted by my name and an atmosphere that feels like home.

The staff is great, room was clean and the breakfast was delicious. The only thing we did not like were the beds..they are very firm

Decent room. Shower was PHENOMENAL! I would have liked them to clean the room more often.

If anything goes astray, don't expect a damn thing from this hotel.

Hotel messed up a simple reservation change and removed every item from our room a day early in trash bags (threw away a card in the process) before attempting to call us for clarification. Desk staff was appropriately apologetic, but was told a manager would contact us. 3 days later we contacted the hotel ourselves and the manager Ashley (supremely unhelpful) spent 10 minutes arguing, refusing to apologize, and denying that the situation even occurred. She even had the audacity to share that she decided not to call us 3 days prior because she didn't feel the situation was an issue. I can't explain how disappointing and disrespectful the whole situation felt. I strongly urge you to book elsewhere.

Do not stay at this hotel. They treat their guests like garbage. They messed up our reservation and evicted us out of the room a day early before even trying to call us. Had to go collect our stuff in trashbags in the lobby. The manager Ashley just kept denying the situation and refusing to apologize in any way. Would not recommend. There are tons of better hotels nearby.

The hotel room was neat and well-organized. The receptionists were polite and nice. The breakfast was good enough and varied.

They have a full out wet back taco truck.  Every pile of garbage person parked around and you can't get in the driveway.  Don't stay here now I know why Americans left Colorado

The beds were comfortable and relaxing, but the bedding had several holes in it and was quite warn.  The bathroom was the cleanest I have seen in a while.  Unfortunately, the soundproofing is not great between rooms and I could hear the next room guests easily. Breakfast was disappointing.  While there was a nice variety, the scrambled eggs were cold and the sausage links weren't cooked much and were cold.  On the other hand, the turkey sausage patties were overcooked and were dry and hard.  We left disappointed and hungry.  The ice machine was located only on the 3rd and 5th floors which was frustrating.  The one on the 3rd floor was not working well.  

Overall, the hotel was nice enough, it just wasn't "excellent" as the reviews were showing. I would stay at the hotel again if the price was right, but likely wouldn't count on having a great breakfast.

Nice clean rooms, amenities, quite, had to leave the car (rare) at a friend's house, other than that we had a nice stay

The Hotel twas easy to navigate to and from. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I dint use spa or pool but looked very inviting. Room was clean and bed was comfy.

Elana was a great help in resolving our booking issue, and got us our second room quickly.

My husband and I are crazy about Holiday Inn Express hotels. We typically will book with them regardless of the extra driving while on vacations. UNTIL THIS EXPERIENCE.

The best part about IHG hotels are the luxury bedding and great air conditioning, this leads to a great night of sleep and it’s enjoyable. This hotel had a flat tiny comforter and the mattress literally creaked as you sat down. You could feel the springs on the mattress digging into your back while you slept.
The bathroom had lots of black hair in the shower before we even used it. The toilet was leaking water all over the floor again, before it was used. The towels had makeup stains on them and the water in the shower hardly heated up.
I have never been more disappointed to stay with IGH especially since I am a member and constantly go out of my way to stay with them.
The cards deactivate very easy so you constantly have to go down and get them reactivated.
Lastly, the rooms and hallways smell like an aged mop bucket that is spoiled and there is hardly any parking.

The only good thing was the lady at the desk was extremely nice!

Overall, good experience. The staff was kind, courteous and receptive to our needs. appreciated the free parking, pool, and amenities. the beds where a little springy but still comfortable. The water pressure a bit weak but I really appreciated the go green supply & quality of shampoo soaps and lotion, beats the little bottles typically found in hotel rooms

We came in for a family wedding. The location close to the airport was a strong influence on picking the hotel. Quite a few fast food restaurants along with gas stations made it easy to top off before turning the car in at the airport.

When I was working I always tried to stay in Holiday Inn Express as I was a good value.

Nice pool and nice room, could use more breakfast options, good breakfast, good service. Not a lot of parking. Would stay there again next time I go to Denver. I would recommend others to stay at that hotel.

Rooms were clean and quiet. Would stay again. Parking is tight but doable.  Kids loved the pool.

This hotel is peaceful, clean, and quiet. It's my preferred choice in this area. Dining is nearby and the hotel amenities are maintained well. Great place to stay.

Room was clean was pretty basic.  TV had trouble with signal interference.  The bathroom especially the sink could use an upgrade.  The sink's water fixture is old and has pretty bad water pressure.   The positive was room was quiet and had a pretty good sleep.

The stay was good since it I was only two nights. Good location, hotel is clean, and  front desk staff was friendly. Issues were primarily with stocking the breakfast room, verifying quality of food products, and assigning me the type of room I had requested.

*not “close” to airport* please double check google maps distances! Front desk staff was very friendly, but rooms and remainder of the building were not the usual standard of other IHG Holiday Inns unfortunately. They provided breakfast but it was also below expectations. Okay place in a pinch, but could find cleaner/closer hotels to airport.

A two star hotel at best, hotel is in decline.  Poor breakfast service and common areas stank of cleaning supplies.  Not typical of a HI Express, really an embarrassment to the brand.

Found this hotel close to the Denver Colfax marathon race.  Great location and easy to find. Hotel room was nice and clean. Only complaint was the towel had some bright red spots on it making me think I was bleeding. So that was gross. But everything else was clean. Beds were not as comfy as other holiday inns I’ve stayed at. Could hear a lot of noise in the hallways and other rooms. 
Housekeeping woke us up at 8am banging on the door. And banged on the door multiple times throughout the morning even after telling them we asked for a late check out of 12pm

Nice hotel for the value, especially if you need to be in Aurora for business. The area around the hotel is very commercial. Meaning, warehouses, gas stations and more commercial. The fitness room had enough equipment for a work out. But the towels need to be restocked. Also, the TV was not working. There is an indoor pool in this hotel, and a hot tub for anyone interested. I did my laundry also, and it was a plus. Everyone was nice and warm. And I was glad to see the breakfast area was clean.

Rooms were very clean and the housekeeper who ever she was such a sweet heart kept my room clean while I was out on the road for work, all the housekeepers were just friendly as well as the front desk staff and helpful

The staff were super friendly.  The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.  There was plenty of space for my daughter and I in the room.  Very close to lots of restaurants and fast food.

Front desk staff was awesome.  Location was tricky to get in and out of but overall the stay was acceptable.

Easy to get here, clean rooms and fantastic breakfast. Thanks for making it easy to stay!

We had a nice stay.  Huge room with a comfortable bed.  Friendly front desk staff and a great breakfast.

Such great service!

Don't ever go there. I booked a two-bed queen-size room through Booking. When I checked in, they provided me with only one queen-size bed! We went back to the reception, and they were incredibly disrespectful. After explaining the issue, the receptionist said they were aware of the mistake but had no other queen bedrooms available.

We then contacted Booking, and after an hour on the phone, even the representative said it seemed like the hotel didn't want to help. It turned out that the manager had forgotten to remove the room's availability from the website, and they gave our room to someone else.

After a long discussion, they offered us a relocation option, but Booking couldn't guarantee it. It was 1 am, and they were uncertain they could find a place for us. After all this, we decided to stay since I had been driving all day. It's so sad that they treat their guests like this.

I have been a loyal customer for over 9 years. I have stayed at Holiday Inn Express and Holiday Inn in excess of 50 nights since 2014. I have always been very happy with the service and accommodations.

 However, this particular Holiday Inn Express was very disappointing. We called when still 100 miles away to ask for an early check in. We were told that a room would be ready within 30 minutes. We informed them that it would be about 1 1/2 hours before we could get there. They said that was fine, the room would be ready. When we arrived, there was confusion at the desk. They wanted to know if we really wanted 2 queen beds for sleeping or just "spreading out". We assured them we wanted them for sleeping, and that was what we had reserved. It took them about 15 minutes to find us a room! Once in the room, we found that the beds were ancient, being some kind of metal box spring that was noisy enough to wake you up when you rolled over or someone got out of bed. Also the fan in the wall heater/AC was extremely noisy sounding like a noisy and angry paper shredder, with a kind of cycling up and down noise factor involved. When we went to bed, we found the beds were the hardest we have tried to sleep on in 20 years. One of the items we have appreciated about HIE is that they consistently have some of the most comfortable beds for any hotel chain we have used, So the hard and noisy beds were a real turn off. Just so you understand, we have stayed at HIE in over 20 states in the US.

When we went to breakfast, it was a disaster. I tried to have some cereal, but they did not have any milk. I then tried to have the hot dishes, but they did not have any plates. We muddled through best we could, but it was VERY DISAPPOINTING. This is the WORST Holiday Inn Express we have ever stayed at, and I can not recommend them at all.

The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hot tuband pool was really cold. The beds are a little stiff. Other than that, this day was great.

On our way to see National Parks. Got in in late after a 19 hour driving day. Everything as expected from Holiday INN.

Do not bother making a reservation for this hotel. They will rent their rooms out first come first served regardless then charge you for the stay you didn't get. I spent half the night searching for another hotel with availability. I was going to stay there for a week but I didn't even get to stay one night.

Front desk staff was not friendly and gave bad advice.  Room is spacious and beds/pillows were comfortable. Breakfast was just okay. Not as good as other Holiday Inn Express locations. Be careful where you park your vehicle in their parking lot. Our side mirror was vandalized in their lot.

All holiday inn express has biscuits and gravy but this location doesn’t. Food always cold and no variety same thing daily.

I found this hotel to be modern and clean. I stayed here for business travel and was convenient to the Gaylord conference center.  I enjoyed some of the walking and hiking paths around the area during my downtime from meetings. It was a great way to get some exercise and unwind from the day.

Overall great experience, good customer service, gladly recommended.

Easy access to get to. Very clean and Quiet. Would stay again

Clean room and bathroom, close to some restaurants and a easy access to the freeway, location is close for my work shop

Overall the stay was okay but not like any other holiday inns I’ve stayed at before. I can say this was the worst of them all. The bed was horrible and had my back hurting so bad I was literally in tears from waking up from the pain. I will visit again I just hope it’s a better experience next time.

Front desk was so accommodating during a tough travel day. Her name was May and did phenomenal in answering questions and providing us with all needs.

I stay at this hotel monthly and each time I have the pleasure of experiencing exemplary customer service, thanks to the outstanding efforts from employee like May. From start to finish, my encounter with them left me thoroughly impressed and immensely satisfied.



From the moment I entered the Hotel I was greeted with warm smiles and genuine enthusiasm. May, with her cheerful demeanor, immediately made me feel welcome and valued as a customer. She attentively listened to my inquiries and provided prompt assistance, demonstrating a deep understanding of the products and services offered by the company.



As I interacted with May, I was struck by her professionalism and dedication to ensuring my needs were met. She went above and beyond to address my concerns, patiently guiding me through various options and offering valuable insights to help me make informed decisions. Her patience and attention to detail were truly commendable, and it was evident that she was genuinely committed to delivering exceptional service.



Throughout the entire process, May exhibited a remarkable level of expertise and professionalism. Her willingness to go the extra mile to ensure customer satisfaction was truly commendable. She took the time to address all my questions and concerns, providing personalized recommendations tailored to my specific needs.



Moreover, her friendly and approachable demeanor made me feel at home and most welcomed.

This place is a bit of a distance from Downtown Denver, so a car or ride share might be a necessity if you’d like to do some sightseeing. However, there were also transport options within walking distance. It was still nice because it wasn’t a busy or loud hotel full of people. Also, props to the cleaning staff for keeping the hotel spotless the entire duration of my stay. Every time I walked through the lobby, it smelled as if it had been freshly mopped. There was no trash anywhere. All the surfaces appeared spotless. The staff definitely seems to have pride in the work

The hotel is typical HG Express. Everything you need and clean but the service from the desk people was 5 star worthy. Extremely friendly and accomodating from every staff member. Made a dull trip into a nece one. Thanks!

The captive portal on your internet connection is not working correctly.  There is some type of DNS issue.  Only mobile phones can connect.  I tried multiple laptops and had a to reset a bunch of things that work normally on other networks to even get to the captive portal.  Wasted a ton of time on this.  Really needed to get some work done.  Will probably stay somewhere else next time.

Good stay very happy with hotel in general. No complains of major value

Friendly staff, great stay.

Perfect

El Hotel está bastante bien. El estacionamiento es más que suficiente los habitaciones son limpias el baño. Curiosamente está muy bien. Adaptado para personas con problemas de movilidad y el desayuno es bastante aceptable mejor que el hotel que está a un lado. Sólo que es un poco limitado, pero lo que se sirve está bueno

This is the first and last time I will stay at this property due to my experience, being stranded on the fourth floor elevator. Nobody answered the help button I was placed on hold when I called the front desk from inside the elevator on my mobile phone. Fortunately, I was able to reach 911 and they sent personnel from the fire department to open the doors and let me off. None of the staff apologized for my experience as I checked out though I counted nine personnel from the fire department who did ask me if I was OK.

Awesome little spot for business or pleasure. Great little relaxation area for the end of the day and a nice area to get some additional work done if needed.

The workout room is great and quiet while having on multiple floors helps ensure you have a spot.

I enjoyed my stay. With back problems, my bed was perfect and I slept better than a baby. Room was clean and stocked. Room service was on point and exceptionally friendly. Front desk clerks were all very professional , polite and helpful! Breakfast is free and not just fruits and drinks but instead a variety of meat daily, eggs, cereal and pancake machine with fresh coffee; and more. I’d definitely recommend and come again.

Stay elsewhere. This location is not safe. While we were eating breakfast on the last day of our stay around 7 AM someone was trying to steal our car in the parking lot. They even had a lookout come in and eat breakfast. If we hadn't cut breakfast short (15 minutes total) we would have been stranded without our car or belongings. 



Also, we didn't get breakfast on 2 days of our stay because they don't open breakfast until 6:30. When we did get breakfast on the last day, they didn't have any cinnamon rolls. What gives? That is one of the reasons I stay at Holiday Inn Express vs other hotels. 



This hotel could also use an update, seems to be about 2 updates behind most other holiday inn express. The mattresses need to be replaced ASAP.

We select HIE because of the breakfast. It saves us time and money versus going out BUT, for the first time in all my HIE stays breakfast was not ready more than 30 minutes after the started post time ... more like 45 minutes. Not even coffee. A few minutes is acceptable but this is not good. We gave up and had to go purchase breakfast outside of the hotel because we needed to get on the road. No apologies or explanation or sense of urgency from the staff (although they were friendly).  Really disappointing experience.

Hotel room was clean. Very spacious and didnt feel cramped at all. Taco truck near by was awesome. Alsona taco bell and popeyes  that are really close. Staff was friendly and the pantry prices are resonable. Breakfast is good with many options. Would stay here again.

Immaculately clean and well-kept hotel, with a friendly, professional staff and a quiet, comfortable atmosphere.

Stayed for 3 nights and room was very clean.  Bed a little too firm for me the first night but after 2 hard days of work, the bed was fine.  Bathroom was clean and water pressure was great.  Maid service was outstanding.

the reception person was not friendly

Room was beautiful and very clean, the breakfast was amazingly good with plenty to choose from and staff was helpful and friendly.

We stayed two nights and did not have any problems.  Hotel was clean and quite with good service

This is the nicest hotel I’ve stayed in in the Denver area in the last 15 years. I come out every year for the national Western Stock show. This year my truck broke down. I needed to extend my stay and they were very accommodating. The entire staff wasfriendly and nice and the hotel was extremely clean.
I can’t say enough.

The walls were lacking sound proofing.  I had to listen to some guy groaning in the adjacent room.  Had to fashion ear plugs out of Kleenex in order to go to sleep.

Nice hotel moderately priced. Wish breakfast options started earlier during the week.  Other than that no issues.

Excellent

The motel is easy to find, and the staff are friendly. Enjoyed the hot tub and felt they use the area wonderfully, by making it part of the pool with a small wall dividing the two. Some of the breakfast items seemed a little on cooler side but it was still good food. The pancake maker got low but the worker helped our 10 year old to get her mini pancakes.

The Holiday Inn Express-Denver East Hotel is a delightful facility, clean and comfortable with an exceptional staff who understands the concept of hospitality. Welcoming and efficient, from my check-in, to the breakfast staff to the lady at the front desk as I exited, the staff elevated my overnight stay to a most enjoyable experience.

Staff was very friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick and smooth.
Breakfast can have more healthier options.
Bathrooms should have Standing shower instead of Bathtubs

Bed wasn't comfortable first bed ever in all the years I been with holiday inn express

I was flying Frontier Airlines and got stuck with an overnight layover. Hotels right near the airport were expensive and I found this one only 20 minutes away. I confirmed it was accessible via a short train and bus ride that only cost $10.50 each way (take the A Line train for 3 stops to Peoria Stn. and the 121 bus for 3 stops to the hotel) using the local MyRTD app to pay for tickets. The hotel has numerous restaurants right next door and across the street (I picked up a burrito from Chipotle). Rooms, bathrooms etc are all clean and comfortable. Paulette at the front desk is a top notch lady and will get you situated. Highly recommended stay with easy airport access.

Way to firm. Was very hard to sleep. This was the same in both places we stayed. Does make for a good sleep when it feels like your sleeping on hard surface. Definitely needs attention too!! This will be our last time staying.

Lily is one of the most rudest people I’ve ever encountered at the front desk. She ignored me for two minutes and then when I asked about it She lied to me and said that she said hello and I ignored her.|Someone who is very miserable at their job. I will never be back, and I advise everybody else not to stay here judging by the way, they treat their employees and how they act.

Overall a well visit.  Laundry facilities working would have made it better

The front desk clerk tried to walk into my room at 9:45 while myself and my children were sleeping. When I told the morning clerk, she didn’t care. When I asked for a way to contact management, she refused. This place sucks.

Overall good place, staff was nice and talkative. Recommend places to see and do. Also recommend places to eat. One of the elevators was down for repair was not really and issue. It was clean, breakfast was good. Room was clean, restroom clean and stocked

Crystal at the front desk is absolutely amazing. We were in a bind with our reservation and lost it on Thanksgiving day and she took her time to call around and figured it out and she did fix it for us. I truly don't know what we would've done if she hadn't went above and beyond to get our reservations back. Thank you again Crystal

We had an older room where the doors did not work very well, but the room was clean, the area felt safe, and the staff was very nice

Great experience. Thank you.

Front desk attendant was rude and condescending. I gave him my name and confirmation number and he insisted had the wrong day or wrong location because he didn't see it on the screen he was looking at, and instead of asking other questions he put me down. I told him I had received an email saying my key was ready and then he was put out because I had checked in online and he says I should have said that first. He should have asked instead of putting me down.
The room was fantastic and the bed was so comfy. Best water pressure and temp in Denver!!
The breakfast had a lot of great choices, so everyone could get something they liked.
Overall nice stay.

We stayed for a soccer tournament and had a blast. Everything from the front desk check in to the next mornings breakfast was great. It’s nice to have other food options close also. There was a taco truck that was amazing also. Gas stations really close also!

The good: this property has pleasant-tasting coffee and I easily requested and received a late checkout. The bad: the front desk is understaffed during rush hour; the breakfast bar ran out of food that was not replaced during the breakfast hours; and the front desk agent was rude, condescending, and refused to assist me with routine tasks within her job description. I will not be back.

The room was nice and clean. I enjoyed the Dove products provided in the room. The bed was a little firm for my liking but overall a great experience. Lots of things close by

We loved staying at this hotel.  It's very close to the highway and was a convenient place to stop for the night.  There are many restaurants close by.   Rooms were clean and comfortable.   The bathroom was nice and clean.  Breakfast was delicious!   The service was very good.   Thank you!

Prior to booking, I called to see if hot tub was open and working. It rang a dozen times before someone answered and then when they did, I was asked to call back in 30 minutes because they were busy. When we checked out of the room, at 8 and left for the airport, realized we left a personal pillow in the room. Called and asked them to check for it and hold it until we returned from our trip. They said they would “try to” check the room. Called again later to see if they found it. And said they did not which is impossible. The front desk didn’t want to make the effort or they wanted to keep it for themselves or the maids wanted it. Very upsetting!!!

The mattress was HORRIBLE. As soon as you sit on it, you feel the springs creak. They need to update their mattresses. We chose this place because of the good reviews. We were very mislead. Front desk was very nice.

En tant que français qui se débrouille en anglais je fais en sorte de pouvoir communiquer avec  les gens correctement mais certaines personnes ne font pas l'effort de parler doucement afin que l'on comprenne leur accent très compliquer certaines fois. La réceptionniste qui nous a accueilli fais parti de ces gens qui ne font pas d'effort. La chambre est agréable . Le frigo fais quand même un bruit assez fort la télécommande ne fonctionne pas. Les petit déjeuner n'est pas très garni.

The service from the front desk is exceptional. Rooms are immaculate and the complimentary breakfast in the morning is a great way to start the day!

Awesome

Waste of money. Bed hard with rude customers service in the morning and a horrible breakfast. Food took.forever to come out. Pancake machine kept breaking down. Will never return to thus hotel. Very disappointed.

Age shows in the property and rooms. Appears clean and up to date but fixtures look to be from the 80's at best. Worn, mushy beds. Courteous service.

Proximity to airport made it easy to get to after a late flight. Short drive to Denver museums, botanical garden, and other attractions made it an ideal location. In addition, plenty of restaurants conveniently located around the hotel. Room was clean and comfortable. The front desk was friendly.

The room was nice.  Staff was pleasant.  The location is in a questionable area but hotel grounds good.  Only issue was a clogged sink.

Bon hôtel, très bien situé proche de l'aéroport mais très calme.
Le petit déjeuner était copieux et la machine pour faire les pancake a beaucoup plus aux enfants ^^
La piscine est petite, fraiche et bruyante.
Les chambres sont simples mais suffisantes.

Rooms are pretty good no complaints really just a couple small cosmetic things that keep it from making 5 stars. Service is kinda lacking lots of billing issues that shouldn't have happened. In the end they were fixed. I don't like the hassle of having to fix things that should have been taken care of. And when you get hundreds of dollars in miss charges it is more than a mere inconvenience

Rooms are clean, bed and pillows not the greatest. Good location to freeway.

Professional Traveler.
Pros…okay location but limited parking for a small truck and trailer. Okay breakfast but nice staff.

Cons…Room keys demagnetize easily so you have to get them re-magnetized. Water pressure in shower low. Bed is too hard. Wi-Fi Internet, sporadic, went off-line twice in one evening and completely off-line for 30 minutes and counting. Waiting for tech-support to show up to fix. AC unit a little noisy.

Staff was nice even though in a span of 20 minutes i ran up and down to ask for more keys because i went up to get old keys forgot new keys multiple times. they totally understood and just was like ok every time i needed a new key. That alone showed me how patient and amazing the night staff was that night.

If I could give any hotel zero stars, this would be the one. We stayed here for one night and the housekeeping crew was very aggressive. We had a family member leave behind a room key for us because we were running late, and shortly after we made it to our rooms, housekeeping tried to come into the room (for what reason, I don’t know). The rude front desk agent that was working that evening also argued with my partner about the spelling of his name. As we were leaving that evening, they were putting up handwritten “Sold Out” signs. The next morning, we were woken fairly early by housekeeping (before 8 AM), and we heard a lot of loud stomping in the room above us. When we called the front desk to report it, they called us back a few minutes later and said “We received a noise complaint.” We said, “Yeah, we were the room that reported it…” and all they did was “Ahhhahahaha….” *click*. Not impressed at all with the service here and I would steer clear of this hotel if at all possible in the future.

Good 👍

The hotel had nice staff, clean rooms. 
Breakfast was good! Location near to I70 and nearby restaurants was a good thing. 
Tony Romas right across the street, food was good there, tho restaurant has no personality!

Update: they charged the card I swiped for the deposit incorrectly. I had to call to get that charge fixed.

Check in was really slow. The room we had reserved was not available and the front desk took a while to get us a room. The AC was pretty loud and the reception couldn’t move us to a different room because the manager is not available at night.

Very clean room. The breakfast was amazing food! So many options to pick from.

My daughter and I were in town for the Taylor Swift concert. We got a great deal on this hotel. The breakfast was great and the cleaning staff was super friendly and helpful. The biggest downfall was that the beds were super squeaky and not very comfortable.

Nice holiday Inn express that nailed all the things the chain typically does well and reliably. Will return

The checkin process was so quick and easy, I was impressed! The staff was very friendly and took time to explain nicely when we needed to extend our stay. They made the experience very relaxed. The amenities available can’t be beat. The room was very comfy and had very nice soaps and lotions. The mini fridge and AC worked very well, plus the location is super convenient - accessible and surrounded by food & drink places.

The checkin process was so quick and easy, I was impressed! The staff was very friendly and took time to explain nicely when we needed to extend our stay. They made the experience very relaxed. The amenities available can’t be beat. The room was very comfy and had very nice soaps and lotions. The mini fridge and AC worked very well, plus the location is super convenient - accessible and surrounded by food & drink places.

The motel was pretty good. I only have a couple of complaints. Our sink didn't drain very well, but it was my fault, because I didn't report it. They say breakfast is until 0930, but they run out around 0910 and they don't replenish anything after that time. The housekeeping crew were fabulous. Our room was always cleaned very well, even when we left our room after 1100am. Overall, the motel was a great place to stay.

Terrible experience. Poor service right off the start. Wouldn't let us in the building and only wanted to talk to me through a squawk box that you can't understand what he was saying.

We really enjoyed our stay here. The staff were very friendly and we were even asked if we needed anything at breakfast, which I don't think is standard for most hotels during free breakfast. The room was comfortable and clean. Really recommend for the price

This is a very nice Holiday Inn Express and Suites location.  Easy to find, which isn't always the case.  The front desk clerk was friendly and efficient.  The room had a comfortable bed and it was a clean room.  The bathroom was clean.  The breakfast area was clean and well maintained.

Decent area for a hotel. Zero issues other than very tight parking spots. Breakfast and staff were on point.

an der Interstate, war aber trotzdem sehr ruhig. Eine super freundliche Begrüssung mit bisschen small Talk muss ich erwähnen weil es ein Wohlfühlmoment ist.
Zimmer sehr sauber und comfortabel. Frühstück: sehr übersichtlich gehalten. Aber für den kleinen Hunger alles da.
Restaurants auch in Fussnähe oder ein paar Fahrminuten entfernt. Umgebung fühlte sich sicher an.

Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good. Staff was friendly.

Good location, check in and out was easy and fast with no major issues, lots of variety of breakfast choices, and room was clean.

The people were fabulous. The Hotel is very rundown. We don’t mind walking but  the main elevator  was out of order. The water pressure for the shower in the room was powerfully but the handle was very lose needed replaced. Had an old Oder to the room. We had a roach run across the room and checked out fast after that. I hope they can put some money in to this location it needs it desperately.

Mother's Day weekend: perfect. Tom, Mike, everyone at the coffee and drinks. Snacks and nipples and breakfast was amazing. Pool nextdoor. Thank you Mr. Alex for the hospitality and cookies. Staff were incredible top to bottom

Great place to stay if you don't want to stay or pay downtown prices, but you want to attend downtown activities.

I have stayed here a few times now and I have been very impressed with the staff everytime.
The location is good, it's a safe area, and it's close to plenty of food and shopping.
The rooms are clean and comfortable, and I like the fact that the fan on the AC unit stays on constantly so it doesn't wake you up starting and stopping like some do.
They have good clean common areas, and the breakfast is very good.

I am an IHG Diamond member and have stayed in many holiday inns across the United States. When I tell you this is one of the worst ones, I mean it. Location is terrible. Rooms are terrible, I was in room 342 and the microwave wasn't even plugged into the wall, the fridge constantly makes a hissing noise. And there elevators are terrible, not only the one that has been out of service for months which is very unprofessional for a "respectable" establishment. But their only "useable" elevator gets stuck and is VERY concerning. I do not make a bad review on IHG lightly. But this is absolutely terrible.

I had a fantastic stay at the Hampton Inn & Suites Denver-Cherry Creek. The property is very well-maintained, and the area feels incredibly safe and quiet. My room was spotless, spacious, and the bed was exceptionally comfortable. I really appreciated the complimentary hot breakfast—great variety and everything was fresh. The location is super convenient, just a short drive to the Cherry Creek Shopping Center and downtown Denver. A special shoutout to the front desk staff for being so welcoming and helpful. Highly recommend this place for both families and couples!

Good price for hotels in the area. Plenty of food options nearby. Great staff!

We picked this hotel for the location and were rewarded with clean rooms and a great breakfast. It is very close to the interstate and we easily went downtown for the hockey game. The next day we easily jumped on the interstate to go to Central City. The front desk was cheerful and helpful, and the breakfast was great. The attendants kept everything stocked and the single-serve coffee is great. Recommend.

Filthy hotel. We had reserved a room weeks in advance. When we checked in our room was fully flipped upside down, maybe it was just cleaned but every window was open and the AC was set at the lowest setting. The room smelled disgusting. We were able to get another room but once in the new room we discovered a more egregious mess. The room smelled like mildew and cigarettes, stains all over the carpet and dog hair, dirt and small black flake stuff was all over one of our beds. The other bed wasn't even made, just sheets piled up. The staff is nice, they are kind people. But this hotel is disgusting, it does not convince me it has earned anything more than 1 star. Do not stay here.

We usually stay at the Thornton Holiday Inn, but had to switch to this location midway through our stay in July. Check in was easy, the staff were friendly but our room wasn't great. We stayed on the top floor, which I thought would be better to avoiding noisy people but it was not. Early in the AM we were woken up by slamming doors nearby. Our room smelled musty, the carpet didn't feel the cleanest. There was a metal edge at the foot of the bed that stuck out. The mini fridge was in a cabinet underneath the tv and was difficult to get to, as the door regularly got stuck (broke a nail one day trying to open it). Our tv was an outdated  19 inch on a tv stand, and after the first day or so it stopped working. We tried unplugging it, resetting it, everything. It was like 11pm on our last night so we just did without. The bathroom had a fan in it and was "updated", but was pretty small. The area by the hotel is pretty sketchy - we missed the entrance the first time we arrived due to the fence and Taco Bell. The other hotels in the area are dodgy. Parking at this location is also pretty inconvenient - it's off to the side so if you have a lot of luggage, you have to lug it through the lot with zero sidewalk. Next time, we will stick with Thornton.

EDIT: Not surprised to see such a dismissive response from the business. I gave this review to give feedback and help the site make some changes. Hopefully they've made SEVERAL improvements since our stay...

Beds were awesome 😎

Staff at this location were helpful and friendly.  They answered questions about the area and gave info about area restaurants.  Property was clean and easily accessible off a very busy Interstate 70.

We were having some work done on our house and needed a place to stay with our dog,cat, and toddler. The King bed with sofa room was spacious for all of us. Good water pressure in the shower and nice comfortable bed (with two different firmness pillows for those who like a choice). Hotel is next to interstate 70 but the building is sound proofed well, plus with the air on you didn’t couldn’t  hear it.

The hotel has been renovated recently and feels well kept throughout. The breakfast was well stocked with a lot of options, and had a comfortable dining area. Walking distance to a playground and dog park which was really helpful in our situation.

Positive: Clean Negative: No

Great place to stay while visiting the Arvada area of Denver.  Location is ideal.  Close to the freeway going to either Golden or Downtown Denver.  Staff were friendly and helpful.  Rooms were clean and nice for the price range.  Would stay here again.

It was nice till I saw the cockroach and then they wanted to charge us to switch rooms. Ridiculous. Never again,

I would like to recommend this hotel. It is beautiful,  clean, friendly staff and excellent service. You won't be disappointed.

We enjoyed our stay. The front desk staff was very friendly, professional and helpful. Check-in process was quick and easy. The bed comfortable and the room was very clean. Breakfast was good, we just would like to see a non-pork meat option because my husband is allergic. We were concerned with road noise since the hotel is located near the interstate, but it was so quiet at night. The all you can eat hot pot & BBQ restaurant across the street within walking distance, was amazing! We would stay at this hotel again if we ever visit the area.

Everyone treaded me good fast check in house keep treated me right bed as very comfortable room was clean so was the bathroom I don’t have no complaints I would recommend this hotel 10/10 thank you guys

First, given the area, The Hilton Inn is exceptionally a treat. The front desk is almost at beckon call and available all the time. There is a nice walk-about the entire building for some exercise, the area is kept pristine and I always felt safe and comfortable. The rooms are quiet and private, the overall employee from room care to front desk are exceptional in all areas of service. 
The breakfast puts in great effort to appease all diets, I'm a life vegetarian, love the raisin wheat toast. 
Hilton is a lasting legacy in hotel accommodations which are still a trustworthy midrange place to stay, whether it be work, travel or other. For most travels I do look for the Hilton name brand.

Clean room, easy access and free breakfast. Good for the one night we stayed.

Excellent staff, nice property, conveniently located, over the top, friendly employees

The clerk at the front desk was welcoming and knowledgeable

This hotel has no particular owners at the moment. The bank is in procession of the hotel. The hotel is falling apart and there isn't money to fix it up,  as I was told by the General Manager, Robert Grant. They have a nice front desk staff, that much I will say. But good luck with your reservations!

Positive: The breakfast was great Very good and lots of options Negative: Parking lot seemed dark

Bardzo miła obsługa, przestoje pokoje, czysto i duży parking. Na śniadaniu dość dobry wybór.

Walls were so thin that I could hear the person next door talking on their phone until 1 am. TV didn’t work when we checked in, had to have the front desk person fix it. The pillows were extremely hard. Got very little sleep and woke up with neck pain

Hotel was very clean, convenient, friendly.

Our fridge wasn’t cleaned out. It still had food, from the previous person, in it. 
We had no trash bags in our trash cans.
We didn’t have any bedding for the pull out sofa bed in the room. Had to go Deon the front desk to get the bedding.

Hotel was very well cared for and in a perfect spot for our trip   Hotel staff was super friendly.

service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line service was top of the line.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Excellent housekeeping service. We have stayed at IHG properties 20 to 30 nights per year for the past decade. This was the first property that cleaned our room each day without having to request it from the front desk because they skipped us. At times we had to request cleaning twice on the same day from the front desk. This hotel housekeeping department was fully staffed. First IHG property that met that requirement in years.

No complaints. This was a great hotel stay and awesome experience. Especially the breakfast variety. A+

Positive: the rooms and breakfast Negative: ""

Customer service was great, the scrambled eggs were fantastic and the room was everything we wanted and more.

A really decent place to stay for the area its in.

The suite I got is very nice and spacious and comfortable. The staff is very helpful. The breakfast is good and the hotel facilities are very good.

Excellent stay as always , couldn’t recommend more highly.  Will be back!

Good hotel. Clean and well managed.

This hotel met all my needs for this trip and I would definitely stay there again.  It is also close to the freeway with easy access.

This hotel is so comfortable and convenient. The free breakfast is a great touch. Would recommend highly.

This location is next to the interstate, which is great. The hotel is clean and bright. Check in was speedy and staff was friendly. Room was clean and comfy. Breakfast was eggcellent. Would highly recommend if you don’t need to be in downtown or reliant on public transit.

Great location next to the highway. Was able to get to everything i was in the area for with ease. The rooms were clean and comfortable, very good breakfast with a wide variety of food, and I nice little store to get what you need if you forgot it.

Convenient to 70 and area shopping (Target, Starbucks, etc). Bed was comfy. Coffee at breakfast was good. Typical Holiday Inn Express breakfast. Staff was friendly.

Short stay here last summer. Well maintained and clean. The customer service was superb and whoever was working the front desk on the night of 6/29/24 (did not get name) should be commended for being very helpful.

I was coming back from a work trip and needed to have my car serviced. This hotel was in the perfect location about two minutes away from where I needed to be and conveniently located to all the shops that I like to go to. Breakfast was good and I would stay again.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Great location for our visit to Denver.  Staff was friendly and helpful, bed was comfortable, water pressure in shower was actually amazing, and the hotel was very clean.  Even though centrally located, I didn’t hear much traffic and where we were in the hotel was quiet.  A great night’s rest before traveling more around Colorado.

Stay here if you are needing to be both in downtown Denver and Golden!  Conveniently located adjacent to I-70, with easy on and off access.  A very safe, clean, quiet and comfortable hotel staffed by friendly and helpful employees. The rooms are larger than most, the heating and air conditioning controls are responsive, the wi-fi is reliable, the free breakfast items are plentiful, and beds will give you a great night's sleep.  I'll stay here again!

so awesome!!! as always prefer to stay here than most places... front desk was awesome.. got my laundry done, easily. had change...

We would have liked better lighting in the bathroom. More mirrors in room itself. Only mirror was in the bathroom.

The stairwell in the elevator need it clean. Otherwise fantastic property in good location.

Mold in rooms, dated hotel, priced way to high for the room.

I wish the hotel was better but it is not worth the price.  Our bathroom had mold in the upper walls and ceiling that was painted over, sloppily as if they over sprayed the ceiling and the upper walls to cover up the mold.

The hotel just seemed grungy.  The area does have some homeless and vagrants but the parking lot is fenced so that seems safe. Location is good access to 70 but I would drive a little farther and stay in a nicer IHG Hotel.

Lots of homeless scurrying about and even seen a prostitute getting picked up from a man that had been parked in the lot for about 20 minutes.  Another evening, a car pulled in the lot and sat there running for 30 minutes before leaving.  Definitely not the greatest location.

Pool hours were short and the water was so cold. Food was okay. I’d stay there again but if I could afford something nicer I’d go that route.

The staff are very friendly and accommodating, the breakfast had a good variety, the pool was nice, beds were comfy and clean. The rooms could use updating as the carpet and cabinets have wear, but other than that great experience!

The room was kind of burnt.

THE HALL WAYS CAN BE MORE UPDATE. THE DOORS TO THE AIR DUCK WAS OPEN AND IT WAS VERY LOUD AND GHETTO TO ME. THE ELEVATOR WAS LOUD ALSO WHERE IT MADE NOISES.

Property in good condition and nice staff. Now I am just typing to complete my minimum requirement.

Good place to rest your head for the night. Breakfast was cold some mornings. Overall a good experience.

friendly, nice, helpful staff, clean, update hotel.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Absolutely wonderful. Beautiful and clean rooms. Friendly and helpful staff. The Uber from the airport was $$$. Absolutely recommend

Stayed here on points and wouldn’t pay for this room. Close enough to Red Rocks and the freeway. Wished for a hot tub, but the pool was good. Free breakfast was pretty good too.

The staff were amazing!! Best experience I have had staying in a hotel! I can’t say enough good things about how polite they were!

This hotel is conveniently located right of a major highway. Rooms are decent, water pressure  in the few rooms I've visited have been top notch, bed is more comfy then  a Hilton Hampton. Staff is polite and friendly.

First time staying at this location.  Nice rooms and great service.

Comfortable and clean rooms, great customer service

Host was friendly.  Room was ok.  Breakfast was ok.

Staff was super friendly, room was clean and well prepared. 10/10 recommend.

I originally booked a 6 night stay at a nearby La Quinta. It was disgusting, moldy, and I felt like I was in danger. I had family members meeting me in a couple of days and I could not expose them to such conditions. I immediately gathered my things and drove to this Holiday Inn Express where everything was exactly the opposite. The staff at the front desk were able to book my family members and I rooms next to each other which was super convenient. The stay was great and I have no complaints.

One night stay - the place had cozy beds, a decent breakfast, free printing services, and very nice employees.  We will definitely be back.

Would stay there again. Great breakfast, friendly staff, nice mall to walk around with good restaurants. Rooms were nice and quiet . Beds were nice and comfortable. Would recommend the hotel to friends and family

Positive: From check-in to check-out, our experience was superb. The room was clean, with plenty of soft pillows on each bed. Breakfast was excellent, and the staff were amazing. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the entire experience was for the price I paid. Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: Location, clientele activity

Zulema made my stay at this hotel amazing! She was very kind and so helpful. The best customer service I’ve had in a LONG time. You don’t meet people as wonderful as her often!!

This location has all the earmarks of being an older building, floor plan, room size, etc.  If so, it is very well maintained.  We had a very pleasant stay.  Our room, while small, was comfortable, clean, and quiet.  All top priorities when I travel.  The front desk staff was particularly helpful.  ||Breakfast was generally on par with other Holiday Inn Express' I've been at, but no extras||Adjacent to the Interstate (although, as I said - quiet) this is an easy location for travelers stopping over night headed east or west.  Not the fanciest HGI I've stayed at but very good and very affordable.  I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.

Very clean comfy rooms.

Great place to stay,  would recommend it in if you are in the Denver area.  I liked how clean the room was and having fresh towels daily.  Wifi was great and no issues with anything.

I stayed four nights at this property and couldn't have been happier. This is one of the best Holiday Inn Express hotel rooms I have stayed in over the last couple of years. First, the entire property either feels brand new or recently refreshed. The lobby and breakfast area are modern and stylish. The King-sized suite was clean, comfortable and in great condition. There was lots of room to spread out. The best part of the room was the mattress, which felt new and had just the right amount of cushion and support (I should have checked to see who made it because I would love to have one for home.) The shower and bathroom were modern and in good condition. Being located right off the interstate, it was also conveniently located near where I was working most of the week.

So im a lyft driving and just dropped off one of there guest. Unfortunately I really need to use the restroom and all the restaurants around the hotel aren't open so i politely, ask front desk if I could use the restroom. And when he asked me if I was a guest, I told him no, that I just dropped off a guest that I'm a lyft driver. He turned me away and told me to get out like I was a homeless person. I've worked many years in the hotel industry and i've never treated another human like that, like I said, I jesse needed to use the restroom, and that's all I wanted to do

Friendly staff! Clean!

Just the best value and location for our schools teams that play in the Denver area.  Clean rooms, instant check in, great breakfast and coffee.  Cant beat the immediate turn on I-70 once you leave.  Its 10-15 mins from anywhere we want to get.

I want to take a minute to let you know how kind helpful the entire staff of this hotel was. From the moment we checked in, we were greeted like family with warm smiles. No matter what we asked for toothpaste, towels, or wake up calls the front desk graciously helped us and every other guest. Housekeeping was wonderful too. Thank you all!!

Nice folks, clean comfortable room, good breakfast and at a very good rate.   My co-workers paid a lot more and didn't even get breakfast.  Overall, I was very satisfied and would book here again.  Thank you for taking good care of me.  

All you need to add is a jacuzzi!!  ha!

Nice property & location.

They need to update this hotel bed wasn’t comfortable and the frame would move.

alwaays a great time

I came in for a late night check in. Jose was the guy at the desk. Let me tell y’all he was a great host! He had for me a very warm welcoming. The rooms very clean and confit bed! Also Diana who was at check out the following day was very polite and pleasant! Cheers to the stuff and the manager of this place! 👍

The Staff was exceptional and very knowledgeable. Room was a very nice 2 bed suite, very comfortable.

After a long drive from California I found this hotel on my venture and decided to give it a shot. I did I have a difficult time with the young lady at front desk. The cleaning staff was rather friendly and helpful, definitely changed my opinion on the hotel based on my initial experience with front desk.

Great, friendly hotels good breakfast nice clean. Rooms. Bedroom are great. Showers were hot for a long period of time. Was in a safe secluded area gated fence first floor is always a plus don’t have to wait on the elevator.

It's a nice hotel. The staff was great. The employees for the breakfast kept the area very  clean. The bed was soft.

My stay at this hotel was exceptional! The staff was incredibly friendly and attentive, ensuring every need was met. The room was spotless, modern, and very comfortable. The amenities were fantastic, and the location was perfect. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone seeking a relaxing and enjoyable experience!

Service was friendly and welcoming.  Rooms were small and outdated, bathroom was really tight.  Breakfast wasn't great compared to other Holiday Inns I've been to, Breakfast staff was more on the rude side, would recommend finding someone more friendly and productive with getting enough food out as there wasn't enough stocked and things kept running out.

Stayed here as compensation for my stay at the downtown location. This location is much better despite being farther away. I appreciate the free parking, spacious rooms, and cleanliness. The ladies at the front desk were super sweet and informative, would definitely stay here again

Very nice stay in a convenient location near grocery shopping and I 70. Unfortunately the pool is outdoors so closed much of the year. No hot tub or sauna either. Full breakfast was good. Some items run out before 9:30 closing.  Great parking back from the main road. Be sure to bring a wall charger for your phone, etc.

Friendly staff helped make my trip painless. Will definitely use them again

I was impressed by the cleanliness and overall quality of the hotel. The halls, lobby, breakfast room, and suite were all very clean. You can tell the owners and employees care about the property. Everyone was very nice and helpful. The breakfast was excellent too, no joke. For a free breakfast there were plenty of options and food that actually fills you up, no dehydrated eggs or stale cereal here. It was great!

Property and room were clean and secure. The neighborhood was less than appealing. Staff were great and friendly!

Nice and quiet and clean and amenable. Layout unique/

Highly recommend this location. The staff were very professional. The room and hotel in general was clean.

Room condition was poor because the room had badly stained carpets and the lamp had the fixture and bulb hanging by wires below the bottom of the shade.



Staff was poor because i had a desk clerk banging on my door at 10:30pm demanding i open the door.

she would not offer any explanation until i called 911 and police arrived, at which time she claimed i had never checked in. I showed her my key , reservation

and after 10 minutes of interrogation i was allowed

to return to my room. It seems that the young lady who checked me in and gave me my key did so improperly so they had no record of my check in.



I would say training might help but in this case the way things were handled clearly suggests a change

in management is needed. They also failed to give me points for the stay so it was a total loss for me. If I ever have another experience like this again 

i will stop staying at holiday inn property's all together.

I've stayed at the hotel several times.  I can always expect good customer service and nice rooms.

Bed was very comfortable, air conditioning worked perfectly, food was good and plentiful.  Some improvements with cleanliness are needed and some attention to wear and tear.

Property was very clean and appealing. Room was clean and bed was comfortable. Bathroom was clean and shower head was great. Staff was friendly and helpful.

This was a good location for taking in a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater. The shower was excellent. Appreciated the dispensers for body wash and shampoo. The breakfast was adequate, needed more fresh fruit.

staff is great, nice rooms well worth the price, i use this place every month and it never lets me down

Overall had a good stay, the front desk was very helpful and accommodating, in particular Kyle and Jose.

Son los mejores,  vale lo que cuesta.
A lo largo y ancho del país son los mejores.

This was a great hotel with clean rooms, friendly staff and a good breakfast. The location was very convenient with many dining and shopping options nearby. Can definitely recommend.

Overall, everything went well.  The staff was friendly and very accommodating.  It has multiple entrances so it made it easy to find a convenient parking space.

Very clean room. Felt safe leaving my vehicle there overnight and had an excellent breakfast.

Staff is great, breakfast is awesome, property is well kept. Stay here whenever in town.

I needed a place that I can relax and catch up on some sleep and not be bothered by anyone. It was a great experience. I would definitely recommend this location to any of my friends or business partners.

Highly recommend this place to stay.  I loved the swimming pool over all. Shout out to all the house keepers. 😇💖

We were greeted with a smile, and after a long drive it sure is nice to see a friendly face.  Room was clean, and so was the bathroom.  It was right off the Interstate 80 and that was also a factor.  We had a king size bed.  We do not have any complaints.

Great hotel located in the city, but easy access to the mountains. Quick and easy drive to/from the airport and easy access to downtown metro area.

Always stay at hie hotels xxxxcxcccccccfggffgghgg bff drjf

Very pleasant staff. Building is quite old and in need of maintenance. The room was fairly clean but stained carpet and sofa and had a musty smell. The windows opened which helped.

The hotel is easy access off the interstate and if you are not on the interstate side of the hotel it is quiet and relaxing. I have stayed here many times for work and the staff is usually very accommodating, even for first time guests (that I have witnessed).
 A couple of restaurants are in walking distance and many others within a short drive to the other side of the interstate.

Super helpful front desk - they sorted my requests out in two minutes

The hotel was very clean and comfortable. The security at the hotel was top notch and we felt really safe in the area. The breakfast was hot and we'll stocked. The cinnamon rolls were awesome, probably the best I ever had. The staff was very attentive to all our needs. Awesome experience.

The staff was excellent during my stay. The issues were the dresser was worn out and no safe in the room. The breakfast was good.

Ease of access and no issues from beginning to end of stay

This Holiday Inn is a nice place to stay.  Granted, it is by the freeway and there is noise from traffic, but noise inside rooms is tolerable.  Check in was a breeze.  I asked about local places to eat and was given various options.  Room was clean and tidy.  Bathroom had needed items, and water was warm/hot right away.

There was plenty to eat for breakfast.  Employee who worked Wednesday thru Sunday, while I was there, was pleasant and asked if all was well.  Lots of channels on television.  Any interaction I had with staff was pleasant.

We stayed one night on our trip to Denver to see our daughter.  It was a good experience.

The Holiday Inn Express at 10101 W. 48th Avenue in Wheatridge, Colorado is a jewel in a concrete jungle. The facility is protected on the exterior by a large fence that ensures guests property is protected. The staff, like most HIE facilities are polite, professional and committed to the customer. The entire facility is clean and inviting including the rooms. A good nights sleep is guaranteed and you will soon forget you are in the big city. Great work HIE, as always.

This location is in a quiet location and the rooms are very clean. The pool is heated and the staff is very courteous.

The beds were great. The rooms were quiet. The stsff very friendly

Nice property, just off the interstate.  Clean, quiet, & convenient.  Breakfast had a good selection & the cinnamon rolls are great.

The front desk staff's friendliness and knowledge about the hotel was amazing!  We love the IHG chain anyway but this stay went above and beyond.  Great rooms - would definitely recommend this hotel.  Cortney was awesome!

The bed and room were fantastic. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful.The food was also very good as well as the coffee.

Na this is the part that is tedious.  I have no desire to fill this section ouy

This holiday inn has an excellent staff, every person her excelled in their position. Cleaning staff was very good, always around easy to find.
 Front desk crew were excellent as well, they too exceeded any experience I have ever had at any hotel chain. This was a great experience so see a staff so well trained. 

Complements to the management, you’re doing a good job.

The front desk staff were awesome they would attempt to address every need. The cleaning staff failed to refurbish the room consistently on a daily basis. My biggest issue was the smell of the 3rd floor from guest smoking marijuana against the blding. Yes its legal no issue there, but regardless any smoking product cigarettes or marijuana. Gives me a migraine headache smoking directly under the ac intakes is uncool. Maybe a designate blazing area is needed.

The room was good. The tv did not work but we had a game we played instead. The bed was okay but could have been better. There was some minor cosmetic damage. Overall it was not bad.

We really enjoyed our stay. Room was large and clean. Breakfast was good. Pool was very clear and clean. Excellent location for Red Rocks.

great stay! please fix the wifi reliability on site.

Clean rooms and friendly professional service.

I was greeted by very friendly staff upon arrival, and my room was comfortable and clean. I will definitely be returning to this hotel!

The place was really clean! Almost everything you need is close by, food, entertainment, etc. A great place over all. Breakfast was exactly what I needed and I was not let down! Thank you!

I felt very welcomed and taken care of here. The staff very professional, knowledgeable, courteous,kind. This includes the kitchen staff. The beds are comfortable,clean rooms, the whole hotel is clean, quiet, peaceful. Very modern, with fitness center and pool. I was able to keep food in the refrigerator. And microwave. The housekeepers cleaned and made my bed everyday that I was there. It was nice. I live the Holiday Inn Express. Safe place to stay.

Great stay!!  The hotel interior and exterior were clean.  Appreciate the comfort of the mattress and pillows.

Ckean nice place to stay when passing through or have a layover

Had a great stay. Front desk agent Kyle took care of us very well. I had two rooms and Kyle made sure that we were on the same floor. Thanks for a great stay!

Everyone was kind and provided excellent service. The room was clean and smelled nice. I thought the pricing was fair not a great deal but you get what you pay for. Also, breakfast was good.

Service is fantastic and the rooms did the job. Was able to attend work meetings on the WiFi to not glitch out on video calls. Breakfast in the morning was very good and staff stayed on point to keep restocking the food.

The only sketchy part was just the local area. Was thrown up signs on the way in from some dude just walking near the hotel at 1:00am and was immediately greeted by tweaker the moment I checked out. Great stay, but if you’re moving lots of valuables and have a low patience for those things maybe pursue another part of town.

Hotel is very well maintained, looks brand new. Lobby is on the smaller side but very cute and welcoming. Hotel has fence around it, which gives as an assurance that noting will happen with the rental car. 
Room is nice, and spacious, however, since of the Highway it’s little noisy. Earplug would definitely help. 
Pool area looks nice and clean. We did not have a chance to try it due to the weather.
Breakfast is wonderful. Many choices, omelet was delicious. Area is very clean and there are plenty of inside and outside sitting.
Employees are very friendly. I would definitely recommend this hotel.

The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and we enjoyed the complimentary breakfast.

Very helpful staff and super clean rooms! Breakfast is great and hotel is very nice compared to others in the area.

Other motels in area were very poor quality. This hotel was wonderful.

Staff was on top of everything and very pleasant to talk to

The hotel met our needs for what we were there for. Pool area was nice, but water was very cold

Friendly staff, easy check-in, and super clean! We moved to this hotel after checking out of another hotel due to uncleanliness and feeling unsafe in the area. The second I walked in I was put at ease, and knew we would be in good hands.

Ideal cerca del aeropuerto, para descansar antes de emprender el vuelo

This hotel was very friendly, clean, and close by a conference I needed to attend. The price of the hotel was reasonable and the complimentary breakfast excellent.

TL;DR: GREAT on all the physical room / breakfast / lobby / convenience features. Good value. Located next to highway. Be prepared for possibly slow wifi in room; lobby wifi is very good. Would return for the overall value.

PROS: Room good size. TV and workspace overall very good. AC strong. Breakfast good overall with variety. Coffee & workspace convenient with good power outlets & lighting. Nice to have 24/7 convenience store in lobby. Good location for driving. Plentiful tourist info brochures. Great value. Good wifi on 1st floor. Arrival fast and recognized elite status. Staff service was excellent.

CONS: Wifi VERY slow in room, less than Mbps up and down, slow enough to impact ability to work. Fridge shelves & space just a little small if you have leftovers. Would like 2nd work desk / higher chair if possible. Bathroom counter too small and could use more hooks / towel racks outside shower. Not best location for walking around. Elevator was out first two days of stay, but fixed by 3rd night.

We were traveling for pleasure and found this hotel along the way. Great rooms and breakfast. This hotel is more expensive than many of the other brand hotels we stayed at due to location. Would stay again.

Everything was very good except for the breakfast offerings. While the staff was very friendly and as accommodating as possible, the breakfast options were beyond their control. The meeting rooms were excellent for getting work done and holding meetings. The rooms and especially the beds were clean and comfortable. However, due to the limitations for someone with food allergies, I would likely not stay here again. Instead, I would opt for a more affordable and accommodating Airbnb that allows me the flexibility to cook for myself. Nonetheless, if you need to choose a hotel, even if with a Standard American Diet (SAD), this hotel is a good option.

We only stayed here one night but the toilet didn't flush, the AC didn't work in the bedroom, and the door was removed from the 1 bedroom suite (making it not a one bedroom) and the beds were uncomfortable.   I have stayed at many Holiday Inns and this by far was well under my expectations for the price point we paid.

The room itself was very small with a broken tv. There was a mystery substance on the wall and the room had a musty smell. One of the days our room was not cleaned and I don't believe the sheets were changed.

This is a fast and easy place to stay next to interstate. I will say there is a fence around the outside of it so it didn’t feel very safe.

Easy in, easy out. Love the location, room was so comfortable & relaxing. Bed was awesome! Mini fridge was perfect, restaurants all around, nice work space/place to eat. Staff are always kind & polite, I really like staying at this Holiday Inn Express

We rented a room and came in late at night. When walking around the bed to lay down my leg got cut by a sharp piece of metal sticking out from the bed near the base of the bed. There were actually 3 pieces of metal sticking out from that side of the bed. I mentioned this to customer service at the front desk. She did not seem to care about this and did not even offer an apology. We are diamond IHG reward members and think we would be treated better than this

The staff were very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the quiet room and amenities. Parking was secure and well lit. Clean and fresh room and comfortable accommodations. Choice of restaurants in close proximity.

This is an average Holiday Inn Express. It served its purpose well for the reason I was there (softball tournament). The area surrounding the hotel is run down, but north of the hotel about 1 mile becomes much better (super Target & other shops, cleaner neighborhood, nice townhouses, etc..). Nothing wrong with the hotel itself though, but the neighborhood took away from it. I would likely stay here again if I was back for the same event.

Great job everyone.

BEWARE! Staff works together to open doors and help themselves! Multiple Wallets stolen from a locked room!!

Arrived late night and was greeted with a quick check in. I was also upgraded to a larger room. My room was clean. Hotel customer service was very nice, respectful and informative.

We always choose Holiday Inn Express when we travel because we receive a great room that consistently makes for a delightful stay.

As aforementioned in my experiences with slamming doors for hours the night I was there, I don't necessarily blame Holiday Inn Express for the RUDE people that stay at hotels! However, a situation/problem can always be addressed or fixed to reach the common goal, customer satisfaction! At least a company can do it's BEST to attain that goal. that's why surveys are disseminated, and questions are asked! To get to a common theme, the root of the problem. It can't be fixed if questions aren't asked.

Excelente lugar

Stayed at this hotel location as it was short distance to conference location. Easy to get to for my wife and me. Also central to entertainment for our granddaughters to enjoy. 

Only drawback was that we were a week too early for the hotels outside pool opening.

Nice hotel. Just a little old and the hot water was being worked on and didn’t get it back until almost 6:30 pm

Service was good. Employees are very friendly. Room was a disaster. Dirty floors 
Things didn’t work 
Room smelled
Could not change because only accessible room available.

The stay was very pleasant. Although tihe building is on the older side, it is well-maintained and clean. We were really well taken care of by Kyle at the front desk. He is first rate and always had a smile. Thanks folks

The greeting by staff was above and beyond, we were given a goodie bag with snacks, water and a hand written note welcoming us. This is not the nicest Holiday Inn but it was clean and did not have any problems while there. We will be staying in this hotel again.

Holidays inns have consistently fluffy pillows, comfy and clean beds, love the dove restroom products, good breakfast, delightful customer service, usually decent prices, gym and pool that are always a plus.

I requested an additional set of bedding. Kyle had it at our room almost before I hung up the phone. He's great! Polite and welcoming!

The property is generally well kept, staff is capable but disconnected from any customer service model. Breakfast was good, hot and timely served. I’m 5’5” and 125# but the room and bathroom were too small even for me! If you’re bigger than me, keep looking.

Great staff.  Very helpful.  Place is very nice.  Rooms comfortable and quiet.  I would recommend staying here.

The property has a good location next to I-70. Nice staff, clean room, decent breakfast

Car was broken into.  No security.  Windows smashed.  Multiple cars broken into during the night.  Rooms were ok.  Small standard room.

Hotel aware of several break ins that night.  They didn't offer us a room for another night to get windows replaced.  Didn't even apologize.  Seemed more embarrassed.  Luckily ww had family in area to put us up for 2 nights to get car fixed.  Wound up with $2800 in damages to doors.  Never received an apology or anything from this hotel.   Think this is a common occurrence.  Yes they did have cameras,.which do nothing, just show cars being broken into.  No security guard in lot.  We have a $500 deductible, so an expensive nights stay.  Then to add insult to injury they charged for my dog.

I appreciate the front desk folks, they are very wonderful people

We have stayed here multiple times. Clean comfortable rooms, convenient place for us. Zulema checked us in she was kind, very helpful and efficient she reassured us about security in the parking lot: cameras and security monitor the area. Very decent price. Zulema gave us a ‘Thank You’ bag which was appreciated.

Kyle at the Front Desk was the hospitality icing on our awesome HI Express !

Was able to get a good night's sleep and parking was available. I got in kind of late so I didn't really get to enjoy the amenities

Staff was friendly, breakfast was great. Room was clean and suite was spacious . Was very relaxing and quiet. Our roon didnt have a door to separate the living room area from the bedroom, that would have been handy but over all everything was great.

The GM ROBERT GRANT was extremely rude, mean, & unprofessional. I did write about it on previos page.

Getting checked in was very quick. They helped me out with some toothpaste when I forgot mine. Everyone was very nice. Breakfast was delicious. No complaints during this stay.

This location is excellent and offers best value, great staff extremely friendly and knowledgeable, clean facilities and rooms, for the price this is best value for your buck. 

Highly recommend this location for business or pleasure.

The staff were super friendly and helpful the bed was excellent, breakfast was very good and they always had coffee ready when you wanted it. Staff helpful with recommendations for places to eat. I'm older felt safe.

The gentleman at the front desk tonight was stellar. I wish I had gotten his name. Without going into a crazy amount of detail... I'd just like to say thank you to him. Such a kind soul. Made this holiday inn my number one choice for location stays in this area.

Stayed for a quick overnight , after flying into DEN on a late flight.

Staff very friendly & helpful. 
( Had to go to front desk to get a hairdryer ; apparently they keep walking off, from the rooms...)

We stayed here due to the value and the fact it was right off the highway and the front desk attendant was really helpful and was able to shoot me in the right direction for where to eat and shop in the area the rooms were up to date and the bed was super comfortable. The room was clean (as it should be) . What I did notice was the riff -raf in the area , not so much at the hotel itself but there are a couple really cheap hotels in the same area. So I would make sure to lock your doors to your car and not to leave anything in your vehicle that is valuable.

The girl at the front desk made the experience here very welcoming!! She was very knowledgeable and helpful

Another HIE desperately in need of a renovation. My room still has mildew from the Clinton administration.

TV signal did not work, bathroom not clean, cleaning staff harassed to clean room before check out time. Making me write 50 characters for review is dumb

This hotel was good. The breakfast was great. The staff is very nice. I liked having a mini frig and microwave. The bedding was a little worn, as was the overall decor of the rooms.

This is a nice clean hotel looks pretty new property is fenced and has security

Greeted right away and made to feel welcome -even got a thank you bag with water and treats.

The water in the bathroom of Room 213 is scalding hot or cold there is no warm. The hot water is an unsafe temperature and will easily burn someone. I notified staff about it two days ago and they said they’d put in a maintenance request to fix it the next day but it’s still scalding hot. I have burned myself several times just trying to wash my hands. If they don’t fix it sooner or later they will get sued by someone when their kid or they themselves unexpectedly put their hands in the scalding water. So future attorney suing this hotel let it be know that the staff were notified of the problem on February 18th 2024 around 11pm and chose not to fix it. I tried to help and prevent this from happening Holiday Inn Express but you ignored me so good luck in your future lawsuit. It won’t be me suing but I’m sure someone will unless you fix this asap.

The Room was nice and clean, staff was friendly and helpful would recommend. There aren't many clean and friendly hotels now days.

Upon checking in you are greeted with a friendly smile and pleasant attitude.  We arrived close to 11 pm and the receptionist was very nice.  The hotel is clean and well kept from entry all thru up to our room.  I enjoyed they have a nice fragrance in halls that I don’t see other hotels do.  The breakfast is well stocked and always well kept.  I noticed there was always someone at the front desk and would greet us each time which is something very nice to do.

Clean rooms. Friendly nice. Solid breakfast. Cheap rates. Zero complaints. Solid stay.

No complaints with our group! I loved the one bedroom suites. To have the extra room was so worth it! It was clean, nice, right off the interstate and in a good area. We will stay here again next time we are in CO. Breakfast was good and the staff was quick and very nice. Our only suggestion we had was we didn’t care for the sausage patties or omelettes. Breakfast was way better the mornings they replaced the omelettes with scrambled eggs and the sausage with bacon!

This hotel worked perfectly for us, we arrived at DEN around 10 p.m. and stopped here for the night in order to get an early start in the morning for our ski trip in Breckenridge. Hotel was clean and quiet, easy on and off the freeway.

The hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful!

This hotel is clean and the staff are friendly, but it is in need of a remodel. The room was clean and serviceable, but not pleasant. The carpet is worn, the shower had a crack in it, the TV has one of those old fashioned program guides that slowly scrolls through rather than being interactive using the remote, the internet is pitifully slow, the water is either too cold or way too hot, and the lighting in the room is kind of dank. Good location but not a place I looked forward to returning to every night.

Robert was so friendly and made our late check-in a breeze. I even received a hand-written thank you card and goodies for being an IHG Platinum member! The little extras really made my day. The room was also spacious and clean. Would definitely stay here again on future travels 😊

Room was clean. Breakfast was good and fresh. Staff was awesome.

We have stayed at this hotel when we had plans for events in the area, concerts, NYE, etc. it’s a quiet  area, easy access, easy to park, and utilize Uber/ Taxi.  I also felt safe.

Comfy beds, great food, great service, easy free parking

Room was fine and no issues with the stay but they couldn’t print us a receipt and they were supposed to email one and never did,  how hard is it to be prepared to print receipts for customers?

The suite was spacious, very clean and quiet. The bed was super comfortable.  We thought the shower had good control of water temperature and flow. We slept in without being awakened by noise or staff.  I’d definitely stay here again.

The location and hospitality were exceptional. The area is nice, and the room was very spacious and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.

This is a budget hotel, and with those expectations in mind, we were very pleased with our room and our stay.

The room is nothing fancy, but if you are only using the hotel as a place to sleep while you explore the area, then this is perfectly fine. The rooms are clean, feature a small fridge with freezer shelf, a microwave, and Kuerig coffee maker with some complimentary coffee pods.

The two features that stand out as major positives is the window blinds, which are some of the best light blocking blinds in any hotel I’ve stay at. Very little light comes in, which is great for folks sensitive to light like me. Also, the bed, while nothing fancy, was very comfortable. My wife and I both have an expensive bed and were surprised to find we slept just as good in this bed as at home.

The one memorable down side was the shower. While there was a seemingly endless supply of hot water, the shower controls were EXTREMELY sensitive. Half the time in the shower we spent fine tuning the temperature to get it just right.

Friendly check in staff and no issue with parking. We also appreciated that they had a night time security guard making rounds in the parking lot.

Would definitely stay here again.

I really hate this side of town but Diana made checking in and getting our room that much better from the second we walked through the doors she welcomed us like we were long lost relatives. Thank you again for the hospitality.

Staff very friendly and accommodating.  Hotel was very clean!

We loved our stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Denver West.  It was close to I-70 and made going places during our stay easily accessible.  The bed was super comfortable.  The hotel was immaculately clean.  The hallways were quiet and neighbors were respectful of other guests.  The breakfast options were pretty good too.  The front desk staff were on it and were more than gracious to everyone they interacted with.  Excellent stay, I highly recommend.

Everything was perfect from arrival to checkout! Facility was IMMACULATE and smelled wonderful all the time! The staff was amazing all across the board. Zulema is a Gem! She took care of us so well! Very professional, attentive, and sweet! She deserves a raise!

Nice hotel,  not the best location.

Perfect location to spend time with family in Arvada CO for Thanksgiving.  Located right off the freeway.  Greeted by very friendly staff members and promptly checked in.  Hotel was very clean from the reception area, dining room, and hotel room.  Our room, a basic room, had everything we needed (microwave, fridge), and was very comfortable.  We would stay here again on our next vacation to visit family.  Staff (dining, housekeeping, front desk, maintenance, all) were fabulous and provided great service.  Nice little gym to get in an early morning workout.

Quiet and affordable, right  beside the Interstate .

Great hotel! Great customer service! The room was extremely clean. First time in a suite and I was very impressed! When I asked about how to get to Empowerment Field, the front desk told me to use rideshare. So thankful!

We were in town for a very difficult funeral.  I had reserved 2 rooms and requested them adjoining, or close together as we needed each other.  From the beginning all staff were accommodating  and kind--our rooms were directly across the hall from one another- without an explanation or argument!   Even though the main elevator was not working, the young lady at the desk directed us to  another elevator, and met us at the west door with a luggage cart and personally took us to that elevator.  That night we had more family show up than expected, and after trying to find a place for 20 to eat, we decided to order pizza.  The young people at the front desk made it possible for all of us to gather in the breakfast room!  It was an amazing gathering of our family with lots of memories and love.  I'm sure they  didn't know how much this meant to us.  The breakfast the next morning was lovely, and the attendant was continually refilling and cleaning.  The rooms were quiet, clean and cozy, and we were less than 10 minutes from the funeral home.  Thank you all for your kindness & excellent care when we needed it the most!

We had to stop in Denver in thanksgiving. We checked in early the day before and front desk was very friendly. Rooms are small but well maintained and clean. Before hitting the road we took breakfast. They offered hot food (scrambled eggs, bacon, gravy and biscuits) cold cereal, yogurt, cinnamon rolls , bread and they have a pancake machine.(10/10) The pretty lady who attended the breakfast was so nice and polite. She welcomed us in with a smile and showed us how to use the pancake machine. It was a pretty busy morning in thanksgiving day but she made sure we got hot food and hot coffee (10/10)Our staying was pretty good. We definitely will comeback.

I stayed for 2 nights and everything was perfect. Room was clean and comfy. Front desk very professional. Breakfast was delicious and Erika the young lady  who attended the breakfast area was super polite and attentive. Always with a smile and a "God morning sir"  The breakfast area was clean. Coffee was good too. I definitely will come back.

The young lady at the desk was very helpful and pleasant.The rooms were clean and comfortable. Breakfast was well rounded with plenty of choices.Fresh fruit, pastries, coffee, biscuit and gravy,sausage, scrambled eggs, cereal, yogurt and plenty of other choices. All in all even with the homeless problems,I would recommend this as a stop on the way to the mountains.

I wasn't there much but came back every night to clean towels and clean the shower and bathroom. The bed was comfortable and I slept really well on the mattress. I got a ground floor room which was really close to the in-house gym, which I used during my stay.

Check-in was fast and painless after a long drive from Rocky Mountain National Park. The bed was very comfortable and the shower eater pressure was amazing after a long hiking trip. The breakfast was a hot breakfast and was as expected. Coffee was actually pretty good. Staff was friendly for check-in.Overall would recommend staying here again.

First time in this HIE hotel for business in the Golden and Lakewood area. Great location and prices compared to other nearby locations (same group and competitors). Complimentary parking, ordinary complementary breakfast, and maybe outdated rooms (specially A/C infrastructure). However, very attentive and emphatic staff and collaborators at all times. Daily basic cleaning, bedding and towels service is done (not usual in many hotels now). They have a small convenience store, and business center (2 PC and printers).

Every staff member I encountered were lovely. Hotel is surprisingly quiet considering it's proximity to the highway. Beds need to be upgraded. Breakfast was delicious.

Weekend stay for business and travel. Great location for Lakewood, and even Golden. Up to the IHG standards (rooms, breakfast, other amenities). water pressure of the shower was great (specially hot in snowy days). Maybe need to improve A/C / Heater units in the future (for sound reduction and comfort). Recomment this hotel.

I found the staff of this hotel very helpful as they made arrangements for me to check in very early and allowed me to have a late checkout which made my travel plans easier.  Thank you!

Old and dated. Rug was gross.  Staff is some of the best I've had at any hotel.  Front desk girls were super friendly and attentive. Sketchy neighborhood.

We felt at home in the room, and loved that we were always greeted with a "Welcome back!" Or "How was your day?" or "Have fun today!" The bed was very comfortable. No trouble falling asleep.

It was a wonderful stay, with a clean and comfy room. The breakfast every day was hot and fresh and the staff were extra helpful with check in and giving recommendations for the area. The pool was already closed for the season was my only downside.

Loved it . Nice and clean. Thank you, the Elliott's!

We had a very nice and big room. They allowed a late checkout as well! The breakfast was decent, and they kept putting out more food even up until the cut-off point!

First room a/c noisy. Moved to another room. Mold in shower and on the ceiling.There was a bug in our bed. Carpet very dirty and stained. also was torn.no response from management or front desk. I do have the pictures I took of this hotels horrid accommodations.

I don’t know what people are talking about, this is a great location! We stayed here and had over $3k in tools and equipment unlocked on a trailer and nobody bothered it. I think the prison fence and rain kept the thieves out. We slept with one eye on the lookout as well. The employees were great. This should not be an Holiday Inn Express property.

We was greeted as we enter the door, they had a room for us.  Very clean room. We felt secure there, they had a fence in parking lot. The staff was very helpful. Thank you

The front desk/management team were especially welcome and service focused. We would highly recommend this specific property for their level of customer care and cleanliness and presentation of this hotel property!!

The title alone is enough to tell you things aren’t quite right. The had all the other entrances disabled so you had to walk around from where you parked to get in but you could leave through any exit. 

The cleaning staff would take towels but not replace them. They would leave random numbers of towels in the room. One day I had a dozen washcloths and no hand towels, the next a couple left over washcloths and 6 hand towels.

Best hotel service is outstanding breakfast could be better quality

The hotel is well maintained and the staff are helpful and friendly.

this was a nasty hotel, and what makes it worse is the staff were snotty, and the layout of the hotel is so weird. I'm surprised it passed fire codes with the layout and exits. this was the worst mistake we made picking a hotel. it stinks, its small, the staff doesn't care about your comfort or needs, and don't care to explain the way to the worst room ever. There was another IHG hotel we passed on the way to this stink hole and made a comment on how nice it looked and that we should have stayed there. PLEASE don't waste your money here, they rip you off. this hotel should be demolished and be given a new start.

We booked this with points at the last minute.  Upon arrival, I was thanked for my status and given a free upgrade.  The room was clean and I slept great.  We did not take advantage of the breakfast or pool.

The drapes were missing with only a thin shade on the window. Not only did this allow an excessive amount of light into the room the proximity to I-70 made it rather noisy all night long. Even though we did not complain when we addressed it with the front desk in the morning it was clear they didn't much care. Even though we will continue to stay at Holiday Inn Express we will not stay here.

We always choose holiday inn to rest, in California the service is great but in Denver everything was wrong, when we arrived,  the person at the front desk she was very rude when checking us in, the pool did not work  and the room was dirty.

The low service rating reflects on the manager not the staff.  The morning of Sept 4th 2023 breakfast was not served even though it was supposed to be offered starting at 6am so we had to go out to eat. The manager was supposed to show up at 9am to deal with those requesting refunds for not offering breakfast but he never showed up even by 10:30am. I'm guessing he waited until after checkout time to arrive. Additionally, the morning before, I witnessed the manager chase down two youth who had come in off the street, gone through the food line, filled plates, and had exited the building. He forced one back into the building to dump the food.   I understand trying to keep unauthorized people off the premesis but they had already exited the building with the food. What was the manager going to do with the food by making the kids go back inside? Put it back on the buffet? Once they had already gotten outside with it just let them eat it. Come on man!

My recent 6-day stay at the Holiday Inn Express in Wheat Ridge, CO was the best hotel stay I have ever had. Although the hotel is not new, it is well-maintained and equipped with everything I could have needed. My suite was spotless and extremely comfortable. Breakfast choices were varied and well-prepared. Most of all, every member of the staff I encountered was extremely friendly and always helpful. I will stay here any time I visit my family in this area.

The staff were excellent well trained and very polite.

Checked reviews here before booking and seemed mostly positive so I gave it a shot. We were on a short vacation to the Denver area and wanted a place in a good location with easy highway access.||||That's where the positives ended.||||Check in - arrived at a time when there were 2 agents at the front desk. One was on the phone, the other was alone, staring at a computer. The one staring at a computer ignored us, so we waited for the woman to get off the phone.  After that, check in was quick and painless.||||Arrived at room to find it reeked of cigarettes. I recall other reviewers who said the same so I figured switching rooms was pointless and waste of time. The windows opened so we kept the windows open the duration of the trip and that helped a ton.||||The pool was full of green water and closed.||||The area does not seem the safest. Upon entering the hotel, there's a sign saying this hotel is part of an local hotel group fighting crime at their properties. That's a new one and says a lot about what goes on in that area. ||||Check out was the best part - had an early flight so we checked out at 4AM. Upon arriving to the lobby, we found the front desk agent sleeping - head down on the desk with a pillow. Was just going to leave the room keys next to his head but he suddenly woke up. He did not say a single word to us, no apology for sleeping on the job, no thank you for staying with us - instead he seemed rude and annoyed that the sound of our luggage rolling through the lobby woke him. ||||Especially alarming is there was a homeless setup directly across the street at that time and, with the front desk agent sleeping, anyone could just walk into the hotel and have free reign. That's quite scary. ||||Stay at your own risk.

the staff was friendly and knew me by name everytime i came in. room was clean and the place was quiet. i will definetly stay at the property again

First off, the room was very clean. It does appear to be an older hotel, so the rooms were smaller. The shower head was a little low for a taller person, but the water pressure was awesome. Beyond that, the pool was not usable, lights bulbs flickered, power outlets did not work. By and large, the staff was very nice.

Beds were hard..didn't get refreshed at all while we were there(3days) although we asked. Breakfast was great

Swimming pool closed for repair (were not informed). No USB ports in rooms. No signature cinnamon rolls available. Ones there were hard as rocks. Molded muffins at breakfast bar. Only reason we stayed is the comfortable beds and pillows!

El servicio de  housekipeen fue excelente  habitaciónes muy limpias.

We had to change rooms 3 times to get one with a working TV. The breakfast was lacking, only dried out biscuit and gravy and was overlooking a green pool.

We are long time stayers at HIE.  This location was a little sketchy to us upon our arrival as we were parking there was a homeless “camp” across the street being rounded up by enforcement. It just made me slightly uneasy. Pool was closed as well which is why we chose this location.

Pool was green and closed. Overpriced. Breakfast was subpar.

When I arrived the room seemed ok, however I did not pull the sheets back. After attending a class I checked into the hotel, left for dinner and a late movie. I was exhausted when I got back, got into bed and went right to sleep. Waking up the next morning I noticed I was sleeping, skin touching - a giant blood and bodily fluids stain. I let concierge know, she took a picture of my picture on my phone. Agreed it was unacceptable and would let the manager know and definitely have someone call... Sidenote: Manage Unavailable at around 10:30am... Ok. So I didn't hear anything for a few days so I checked back in... Someone was able to once again tell me they had to reach out to the manager. They text back a few hours later offering to credit my IHG account with 10000 points. It has been over a week and nothing. I reached out again yesterday and now I am being completely ignored.

The room was comfortable and clean. Hotel facilities are not complete.
Good chain hotels shouldn't have too many signs of out of service. Because we(my kids) trust them are safe and everything is good.

Below average hotel location find parking fine maintenance was busy
Breakfast was terrible had to exchange rooms absurd that I have to write 50 words

Noisy. You can hear everything. Bed made a weird noise too. No hot water for shower in the morning. Solid breakfast.

Please, DO NOT STAY HERE. We love the Holiday Inn brand, but this has been the worst experience. Let’s start off mentioning this hotel is in ghetto; so much so that my husband checked on his truck multiple times, afraid it was going to get broken into or stolen. The amount of homeless right outside is concerning. Their is a prison-like fence around this hotel. Next, the hotel is old, outdated, dirty and smells terrible. There are stains on the carpet and on the walls. The beds are uncomfortable. I feel like I might be leaving with bed bugs. The breakfast was terrible. The only reason I gave a one star overall is because the customer service was pretty good.

Would definitely stay here again. I had a four day stay and the staff was friendly and responsive to any issues. My room was cleaned every day, the shower was clean and roomy. Loved it. I particularly love the dove products in the bathrooms.

A lovely place to stay! The staff were awesome! Housekeeping were so kind. My room was comfortable & clean. Hope to go back soon.

Just have to share how wonderful Valentina was. She went above and beyond to provide us wonderful service. Gave us advice and directions for a restaurant, got us cups, plates and even brought them to our room. What a wonderful employee you have!

There is a lot of ridiculously good looking women here.

We wanted to stay here because we like the IHG group and the Holiday Express brand, one of our favorite choices for us to stay when traveling. This hotel is in a tough neighborhood. My wife was afraid getting out of the car since there were a lot of strangers walking around the property. There was also broken glass on the hotel parking lots, a clear sign that car theft and vandalism is happening there on a regular basis. I have asked the Front Desk if we could cancel our reservation and she said it would be ok for them to cancel and provide a refund, however we will need to call the travel agency to initiate the process. We did that via phone, but have heard from the travel agency that the hotel refused the cancellation refund. We have been reaching out to the general manager and have not received a response and it has been weeks. She probably will respond to this post, always with the same message like the other complaints.  A true sign that they say they care, but they really don't. I am sure management can do better.

The side entry door would not work 😕. Seems like a fire hazard to me ! You could not open it from outside or from the inside  ! The pool seemed nice 👌 😎.  The sprinkler system was flooding the side where the door wouldn't work. What a waste of precious water 💧 😪

The staff was unresponsive to my concerns regarding fluctuations in water temperature in the shower that resulted in my son getting scalded. We also reported water leaking sounds in the wall behind our bed and no response.

I am a Diamond Elite member and stay at 98% IHG hotels. This is by far the worst. 5 days here. Elevator out of order, pool is filthy, room safe didn't work, carpet in room filthy and charged me $3.50 for a bottle of water which is complimentary everywhere else. Ran out of body wash on first day requested replacement and was finally told last night "we ran out".

This place smells BAD.  The lobby was a little funky but it didn't stop us.  When we got to the rooms on the third floor, the smell was so bad that we walked right back out and went to a different hotel.

This place smells BAD.  The lobby was a little funky but it didn't stop us.  When we got to the rooms on the third floor, the smell was so bad that we walked right back out and went to a different hotel.

Easy access to highway, clean rooms, new fence sll around the property.
Only issue was coming off the highway, 2 left hand turn lanes, stay in the right lane to exit to the hotel safely

Convenient location and friendly staff

I have always stayed at Holiday Inn properties for the last 35 years and have never been disappointed. I have recommended the Holiday Inn to people I know who travel a lot

Stayed here for a concert at Ball Arena. Very close to the venue, but without having to pay an arm and a leg to be downtown.

Clean and Comfortable. Simple rooms.  The staff was very friendly and accommodating.   Very noisy though.  The grounds around the Hotel could have really used some cleaning up.  Didn't think it was worth the cost though.

Can go wrong great rooms for price

Had I not been charged double for the room, it would have been an okay stay.

Awesome place! Ricky is the best ever 🫶🏻
Definitely coming back here next summer😉

room was nice and beds were very comfortable.  housekeeping did great job on a daily basis. the man at the front desk was very nice and accommodating. need a gathering area built in and not the whole front for a restaurant and bar.  we were told no eating in lobby and only from the restaurant we had to eat in our rooms only.

I booked this hotel for my family of four for a week. On day two of our stay I asked the front desk where the laundry facility was and I was told it was out of service but would be working the following day. For the next three days I was told it would be ready the following day. On the fifth day I was told it would be the weekend before it would be operating. Our stay ended on Sunday so that was no help to us. We booked this hotel because it had a laundry facility so nevertheless we were very disappointed when we had to go elsewhere and set in a laundry mat while on vacation.

 

Also, the pool was closed. The water level was half full and green. It was not running until the end of our stay as well. 



I understand there are going to be problems from time to time, but none of this was mentioned at check in. We felt like it was intentionally kept quiet after getting the run around about the laundry facility day after day. I was told the manager would call me after we expressed disappointment with our stay. They never called. 



My family will not stay at this hotel the next time we visit Colorado.

I have stayed her before, but the location seems to be prone to crime. The rooms are comfortable, but the facility itself is outdated.

It was a typical hotel. Not bad, not great.

Yet another hotel with a broken pool. Also the hot water in shower could not get to a normal hot water level. Property itself was nice.

I enjoyed staying at this hotel although the warm food choices for breakfast were limited.  The staff was helpful and the room was very relaxing. Overall, this made it my stay at this hotel above average.

Hotel is a good location, the security of the property is well done, staff are very helpful, breakfast was good

I would never wish this place on my worst enemy no pool no ice the place is a joke

Excelente actitud de servicio , muy limpio al  en general , buen recibimiento al momento de entrar al hotel por parte del personal de front desk!

I had a great stay, attentive staff and good service

I haven't seen this small of a TV in 20 years The pool is full of sand and grit The wallpaper in the rooms is falling off in spots My personal opinion is that you only stay here if this is the only place available

We are IHG members and this hotel did not meet our expectations. Our room (212) smelled badly of smoke, even the front desk attendant agreed. She did offer to move us but it was late and we were unpacked with our vehicle parked where we could see it from the room. None of the ice makers on the three floors worked, they did try to get us ice but no luck. The bathroom towel bar was broken off the wall and there was mold on the ceiling. The breakfast was mostly the usual Holiday Inn items. The eggs tasted badly of soap. several guests were discussing this and throwing the food away. Dining room staff was not concerned. We would not stay here again. This hotel is not up to IHG standards.

We were on the first floor next to the parking lot and near the road. Additionally,  we were the first room in the hallway.  Consequently, it was a very noisy, busy night with little sleep. Never again. We learned a valuable lesson about room assignments.

The staff are friendly, but this place is a dump. I stay at holiday inns regularly, and this is one I will avoid in the future. Shady part of town, smells like mold. Every ice maker in the building is broken. Not a single ice cube in the joint. Looks like they've updated the furniture recently, but it's basically nail polish on a pig.

I recently stayed at this location and it was a good experience. Unfortunately the ice machines went down during our stay which was lame but not the end of the world. The breakfast was super yummy! The pool was still closed but they directed us to a recreational center not even five minutes away and it was so fun! The staff were all incredibly sweet and made me feel at home. Overall, it was a great stay and we look forward to returning!

I have used a holiday Inns for many many years. Skip this hotel if you can. Employees were very cordial and efficient. Owner/management need to spend a few night in their hotel.

We enjoyed our stay and the location was great!   It is right off of I-70, there is a Taco Bell next door, a gas station a few doors down, and several other restaurants and shops are close by.  The staff were all very helpful and friendly!  Our room was very nice and clean (loved the Dove products) and the bed was comfortable.  We slept well during our stay.  Our only complaint is the breakfast offerings that were available.  The staff member working in the breakfast area was great and did the best they could with the resources available.  I think the breakfast staff is not given adequate food/beverage options to put out in the breakfast area.  This is a supply/management issue.  Only whole milk was available (no reduced fat or skim).  My husband was disappointed that there were not any cinnamon rolls available during our stay.    We are thankful for the free breakfast and the serving area was well-kept and clean, we just wish more breakfast options were available at this location, similar to what we had when we stayed at other locations.  Overall, we'd stay here again and we would have given 5 stars if better breakfast options were available that are similar to other Holiday Inn Express locations.

Holiday Inn Express exceeded my expectations. From the warm welcome at check-in to the comfortable and spacious rooms, it's a hotel that offers a truly enjoyable experience everything was perfect!!!!!!

Great place to stay and very clean.

Worst Holiday Inn we’ve ever stayed at.

We’re not fancy people but for $190 I expect a lot better. I feel like if I would’ve went with one of the $80 hotels around it would’ve been the same experience.

The remote/tv to be up to date. You had to turn the tv off everytime to see the menu guide. The breakfast was awful. I got a plate and sat down with my family then I could smell the eggs. They smelled rotten and my husband mentioned the sausage smelled weird too. We told our kids to stop eating it. I had a banana and a watered down cup of orange juice.

The employee didn’t ask how the stay was when I checked out. He just asked if I wanted a receipt and that’s it. Since when are employees allowed to watch tv on their phones when there’s people in the lobby and the breakfast area??

Buena ubicación, el personal muy amable, en especial los de front desk. Limpio y el desayuno muy rico.

The staff at the front desk are very nice, great place to stay :)

I had an absolutely fantastic stay at this place. The room was clean and very comfortable. The highlight, however, was the friendly staff that went above and beyond to make sure all my needs were met and made my visit truly memorable. Highly recommended for anyone visiting Denver!

Excellent confortable and clean, great service

Friendly staff, good bed.

Breakfast was not up to par with this chain. No standard cinnamon rolls nor real breakfast choices.

I had some worries about my car outside, as the neighborhood was in a higher crime region of Denver. 

Overall, nice location right off I70, at least.

Los cuartos estaban limpio,la comida tenía muchas cosas para elejir.|Los recepcionistas se portaron muy bien y amigables|Se mira como k no esta bien el area pero el hotel tiene seguridad y me sentí seguro||

Súper great

Very nice staff, i got my room super clean

Amazing place, very clean and great service. Everyone was really nice.

Everything was amazing! Great place to stay and the staff was very kind and friendly

Muy buena gente, muy limpio y siempre muy atentos

Super clean, great staff! Would stay here again!

Great place to stay after a long day of driving. Staff is friendly and everything was clean! Thanks!

Excelente servicio

Everything was excellent. Stayed for business and it was very clean and the staff was awesome, especially Ricardo

Great place. The best staff around and very clean.

I recently had the pleasure of staying at an exquisite hotel that truly exceeded all of my expectations. From the moment I walked through the doors, I knew I was in for an exceptional experience. This hotel, without a doubt, deserves a 5 Star review.

First and foremost, the location of this hotel is absolutely fantastic. Whether you're a business traveler or a tourist seeking the perfect base to explore the city, this hotel's location is unbeatable.

One of the standout aspects of my stay was the impeccable cleanliness of the hotel. From the lobby to my room, everything was spotless and well-maintained. The attention to detail in maintaining the highest level of cleanliness was truly remarkable. It's evident that the hotel takes great pride in ensuring a hygienic and comfortable environment for its guests.

However, what truly set this hotel apart was the extraordinary staff. From the moment I arrived, I was greeted by warm and welcoming smiles that made me feel instantly at home. The entire team, from the concierge to the housekeeping staff, was exceptional in their professionalism and attention to detail. They went above and beyond to cater to my every need, making me feel like a valued guest throughout my stay. Their genuine kindness and willingness to assist with any request truly enhanced my overall experience.

The level of service provided by the hotel staff was simply unmatched. From arranging restaurant reservations to offering personalized recommendations for local attractions, they were always one step ahead, anticipating my needs. I was thoroughly impressed by their knowledge and dedication to ensuring my stay was nothing short of perfect.

Great stay, clean, good prices.

Breakfast was great, clean rooms. We stayed last year and it was not a good experience but this time the hotel it’s clean and smells good they did turned this place around! Friendly staff that goes above and behind to make your stay more pleasant. Pool was closed but that was not an issue for us.

Great place, very clean and nice staff.

My fav place to stay.

Great place, super clean, awesome staff

Great place, super clean, awesome staff!

It's an awesome place, super clean, great staff, beautiful building, everything it was perfect, highly recommended

Nice !!!

Cool place!

Is creat place, super clean.

Great place to stay. Clean rooms and nice staff. Specially  Ricky at the front desk

Really clean, soft blankets, very friendly staff, the breakfast 👌 is a Big plus and the coffee ☕️ was great!

Great place, súper clean

Awesome experience, great staff and super clean

Great that it’s right off the highway…that’s about it.  I wouldn’t leave anything visible of value in my car at night.

Ice machine on the third floor is busted.  Room was clean.

Breakfast had no cinnamon rolls, a staple of this chain.  Breakfast was the bare minimum and did not have much to offer.

Courteous staff, give them credit as they are friendly and helpful.

When we first arrive our room had gum on the floor and it smelt of mold / mildew very bad. Was also missing the ironing board. We were sent to the 3rd floor. Big huge pink stain on the floor but no gum. It smelled like people had smoked in the room prior but not has terrible smelling as the first room.
Breakfast first day wasn’t good since the juice machine was down. Everything else was fine.
Front desk team was fine. Everyone was fairly polite.
We enjoy this name brand hotel chain. But this has to be one of the oldest ones and needs a LOT of upgrading. Like they need to close a floor for an entire week so they can work on rooms each week.

My stay was comfortable and the staff was helpful and kind.  It was a little loud next to the highway, and the shower had a slow drain.  Bathroom counter space was a little small.

I was greeted enthusiastically when I checked in and was processed quickly so I could get right to my room. Breakfast was delicious, hot and all food servicing areas were clean. It would be nice to have trays available so I could take my food back to my room. Room was excellent, black out shades, bed comfort and bathroom were all first rate and super clean. Staff was always inviting and courteous no matter where I saw them. This was a great relaxing stay, Thank you to all the hotel staff.

Terrible hotel avoid at all costs. Rooms are old and outdated. Furnishings are pretty beat up, and look like they were bought at a garage sale. On checkout, the computer was down, so could not get copy of bill. They said they would email it, and after calling over 6 times to the hotel and corporate, I never did receive a bill. I am very surprised this is still a holiday Inn, and it has not been booted from the brand.

The online check in made it so easy once I arrived. Staff greeted me and sent me on my way in no more than 5 minutes! Would definitely stay here again!

The room was very clean, other then the bathroom ceiling looked dirty, and comfortable. I love the option of a suite with the two rooms - two queen beds and sofa sleeper with kitchenette. It was perfect for what we needed for the weekend and the price was better than most hotels in the area.

No cinnamon rolls? The best part of Holiday Inn Express was the cinnamon rolls...the breakfasts are not the same. It's disappointing.  Well mine as well get used to it, as I said it back 3yrs ago, our country us falling apart, and by the time people wake up, it will be to late. One more year with these corrupt politicians, we wil be no different than Cuba, Mexico, Africa.

We did not have any hot water the first two days we were there and the staff did not seem concerned

Great location, friendly staff, wonderful rooms.

I am surprised this hotel is still a holiday in property. It is really one of the worst properties I have stayed at. The rooms are old and out dated, the furnishings look like they were bought at a garage sale. Broken lampshades and general disrepair. even the toilet seat was two different colors. Door lock wouldn't open and required a special touch to open. overall just a run down room. Fire alarm went off at about 3am one night also. Worst part was that to this day I cannot get a copy of my bill. At checkout computer was down and was told bill would be emailed in a couple of days. It's been over two weeks and still no bill after multiple contacts to the hotel and diamond support. With no bill i will not be reimbursed, this is absolutely un-acceptable. Stay away from this Holiday Inn express, i think you would do better at any other hotel.

A horrible stench in the rooms

Facility was nice,  staff was great.  The pool wasn't filled and that is 1 main reason we stay at hotels.  The suite was smaller than expected. There were no trash cans except in the bathroom.  Most likely will not be back to this facility.

The reception clerk was very pleasant and made the most out of a difficult position she was in.  Computer was down and she did not know which rooms were clean. She made multiple trips up the elevator to check what rooms she could offer us. When the first room smelled bad, she eagerly found us another room for us.

Everything about the stay from check-in to departure seemed to scream old, in  need or remodel or broken.  Cold food and few breakfast offerings.  I'll not stay there again.

This hotel has really gone down hill over the past ten years or so. Rooms are not kept up. Drains are clogged, faucet was broken and wehad a metal shank sticking out of the side of a the bed frame.  And the area is full of homeless people.  This is a direct result of Colorado's legalization of pot.  And any honest person here will agree.

Good price, decent quality, staff was nice.

I'd rather not go into detail at this time. Prefer not to elaborate. Passing on this comment.

Zulema went beyond her limit to help us, my wife, my kids, and myself, to be sure we were enjoying our stay at the Holiday Inn Express. She is the best Inn representative I have ever met. I do highly recommend it, and I’ll book this Inn again if we have another trip to Denver.

I am a long term loyal IHG rewards member who understands the brand and the expectations for hotels to follow IHG policies and guidelines. This hotel should be kicked out of IHG based upon my experiences (5 issues). Collectively it is apparent that the hotel management is cutting service to extract profits. (1) While at the hotel, I asked 4 times as to when my welcome amenity points would be posted. I was told that the manager who have to take care of it (and would) since the system that the front desk was using did not allow the clerk to post it. Points were never granted. (2) I stayed for 7 nights at the IHG Advanced Saver rate yet the hotel deemed my stay as non-qualifying and gave me zero points. I booked direct on IHG and used an IHG rate! I also lost out on the currect Stay 2 promotion as a result. (3) Hotel food was missing or very different than the standard IHG offerings, I never once saw a IHG omelette during this 7 day stay. (4) Room service did not show up during over half the stay even though we specifically spoke to the cleaning staff who were cleaning the room across from ours to ask that ours be cleaned. (5) Blood stains on the comforter, at arrival, indicated a lack of detail in ensure clean room. Location is great, staff at the hotel were friendly, but the cheating on IHG benefits means that the hotel is free-riding the brand but not providing the benefits. I am missing 14,874 points plus the welcome amenity points, plus the Stay 2 points.

Clean, safe and comfortable hotel. I loved that when the staff at the front desk checking us in realized I was a member she immediately upgraded our room to a suite. It was so spacious and clean. The only con to our stay was the complementary breakfast needed some improving as far as more choices and healthier choices of food.

Although near interstate 70 rooms were quite

We stay at this specific hotel often as it is close to relatives and some business. On this particular occasion, the bathroom sink faucet handle was completely missing. It was usable but I never did get a handle. While the room was very clean, I found old food in the freezer. Broken ice machine. Breakfast is lacking. And an overall sense that the facility is lacking staff.

We love the location and dining options in the area. Security is good and the staff is great. Always a must stop on our way thru Denver.

The staff at the hotel were super accommodating. We had a clog in our toilet and was promptly moved to a newly cleaned and prepped room immediately. Everyone was very nice. Great breakfast also! Last but not least, awesome access to freeways.

No hot water at 0620, unacceptable. I could let the slow/intermittent wifi go, or the 2 broken Ice machines, or even the closed laundry room since they didn’t directly impact me.  I stay in a ton of rooms every year and I can say in 20 years on the road I’ve only ever experienced a lack of hot water twice before. Time will tell if a manager calls me but if I’ve taken the time to write this you can be sure I’m a little upset about it. I’ve made this observation before on another review but this hotel is only a Holiday Inn in name and not quality. I’m sure it will make a nice Clarion or some weekly rental place when they can’t meet the requirements of an IHG property.

Staff are super friendly, the property is well kept.

Very clean rooms, friendly staff and great breakfast. Beds were comfortable and area was very cozy.  Overall area was conveniently located to shopping, parks and restaurants. Will definitely go back for another stay.

Convenient location off of the highway, nice lady at the front desk on top of her job, super hot water, super strong shower pressure, crisp bed sheets, hotel smells clean upon entering the building and the rooms and bathrooms were really quite clean and inviting compared to a lot of hotels these days. I didn’t feel grossed out at all. Comfy beds and lots of comfy pillows. Glad we stopped here.

Awesome workers at check in desk

Staff was very sweet and offered what ever we needed!

Excelente

I don't know what to say, entry doors were all locked had to use front door for entry. You could exit. The elevator was not working. Just not up to par for a Holliday inn

It's by far the best hotel in the area

Able to check in quickly and kind staff. Bed was uncomfortable

It was a great experience,  our front desk clerk was Amazing.  She was calling around trying to help me find a pool cause theirs was closed. She called another Holiday Exspress an he said come on up!!! This is why I'll stay again cause of the respect an courtesy that was given. It is also a pretty clean safe place!!!

Clean ,friendly , rooms were roomy with fridges & coffee makers

It was nice for the two nights I stayed. I had problems with my room keys and after the third time they gave me new room keys. There were also stains on the bed sheets but I was so tired I used them anyways. The front desk people were very nice and they let me keep my luggage up front while I went out for a bit after check out. That was much appreciated!

The breakfast area was a huge disappointment. Dirty tables and floor while staff was hanging out in the back area. Wasn’t crowded by any means neither.

Lots of homeless around. Definitely don’t leave anything of value visible in your vehicles. They’ll try to get in the side and back doors to eat breakfast. Room keys didn’t work 50% of the time. Huge rooms for a good price though.

Super nice front desk clerk who works the swing shift. She makes the stay worthwhile. Good variety of breakfast items but the brown sugar literally was welded to the jar and you could not get any out. And super long spoons that are for tall drink cups. Weird. We chose to stay here this trip because the Comfort Inn next door is starting to get raggedy but this HIEX has definitely let a lot of maintenance go. Rooms look good at first glance but little things here and there are broken or missing. Missing glass turn table in microwave, the holder for the hand soap by sink was there but the bottles were gone, end of sink stopper handle missing, flickering fluorescent light in restroom. You get two cups total, for coffee and for brushing teeth or water. Work out room was a disaster. I was happy no one was there until I realized nothing works. Both treadmills were not working and a black box was torn apart that connected them to each other and the wall and stuff was just all thrown around. No tv remote for work out room. A water cooler but no cups. What’s up with the cups?  And no towels to clean the machines. The exit door closest to us would not open out so you could not exit. Also a random, old motor home is parked in the back that was there over two weeks ago when we stayed next door and it is still there. Parked sideways taking up 3 spots. Find another intersection with motels as no motel on this street is that great.

Front desk staff is really nice but cleanliness is truly awful and a lot of things need repaired (sinks, shower heads, toilets, etc.). Sheets had stains on them (multiple times), comforter was ripped, hairs found in bed, toilet not cleaned, etc. The cleanliness standards really need to be raised.

Check in was smooth and fast. The lady behind the counter on 02/22 at night was very personable and made me feel comfortable in the hotel. Overall very good service and the rooms are great as well!

The room was so poorly kept, furniture had dust all over, stains on the bed. when I checked in, found hair in the sheets, didn't walk on the floor without socks.  It was just gross.

You have excellent staff and great food for breakfast. This place has manager that cares about customer service. I stay at this place at least 2x month because they care about meeting my disability accommodations.

first key card did not work properly, you had to swipe card fast multiple times to even get into the room. the beds are like you are laying on a water bed. There was a lot of noise at this place. The hot water did work. I will never stay here again. We had to leave this motel and get a new one. When we have stayed other motels that have had your complementary water, lemon water and coffee and also cookies this location had none of these.

Clean, basic and representative of the cost of the room.

Bonus tip - ask for a room facing west and you'll have all-night entertainment from the seedy motel next door.

The front desk clerk was the best ever.  Location convenient to freeway but that also brings the road noises. I loved that I couldn’t hear the other guests, the night before I was at a different chain and the noises were awful. Love IHG

Nice and clean and it's quiet. The breakfast can be a little bit better but we all know the hotels are trying to make a profit so it is what it is. But there's a Dutch Bros 8 minutes from your stay and there is a gas station next to the Dutch Bros in case you need to fuel up. But my stay at this hotel was enjoyable. I have no complaints. Be sure to figure out how to blinds work because the sun will shine through in the morning.

Don't spend your money here. Dirty and a safety hazard here. The tub was dirty and I was surprised that I didnt get bed bugs from the sheets because they did not look that clean as well. One of the things that really set me off was that when I was getting out of the shower someone was coming into my room telling me they were room service. I told them no and ask them what time was check out time. The guy told me he didnt speak english. I tried again with different words in that maybe he understood some simple english and he told me again that he didnt speak english. I was looking through the peep hole asking him this and saw that another lady who worked there came up and told the guy in a way with her body language "dont worry about him". So now I'm wondering what time check out is. I go to my phone and try to phone the front desk and of course my phone isnt working properly! So here is the main thought... if something bad happened to me and I was trapped or stuck in my room how am I suppose to call for help if your staff cant speak english and the phone doesnt work for me to contact the front desk!!!??? Then the second thought was.... how was those two people able to even get the job if they dont speak english? How were they able to get the paperwork to prove they are able to legally work there if they dont speak english? There are people all over the world who can speak english with less resources than what these two had but for some reason they were the ones who were given these jobs. Then I go to try to get my receipt for my documents and your app is super glitchy and cannot even get to a place where I can request a receipt sent to my email. The integrity of this hotel and the hotel chain makes me wonder. I will never be using this hotel chain again because of how extremely unprofessional they are.

This was a points night but when arrived could not find the reservation and to secure a room used my credit card. After calling corporate the issue was resloved and would say the front desk came to the room to explain the corporate system glitch. This was above what I would expect. Now to the room: The TV would freeze and raster, Bathroom had brad style nails holding the wall paper up around the shower, shower was luke warm and the breakfast was missing many items that are typically found at Holiday Inn Express. No muffins, bagels, limited to a few yogurts, small selection of fresh fruit. Positive was the juice machine was working.

This was a points night but when arrived could not find the reservation and to secure a room used my credit card. After calling corporate the issue was resloved and would say the front desk came to the room to explain the corporate system glitch. This was above what I would expect. Now to the room: The TV would freeze and raster, Bathroom had brad style nails holding the wall paper up around the shower, shower was luke warm and the breakfast was missing many items that are typically found at Holiday Inn Express. No muffins, bagels, limited to a few yogurts, small selection of fresh fruit. Positive was the juice machine was working.

The staff was very good but the rooms (I say rooms b/c we switched 3 times) were dirty, one toilet didn’t flush, one room the bathroom light didn’t work and one had a lock that didn’t work.

Denver received 6” of snow on the afternoon we were supposed to arrive. Despite being over three hours late due to driving conditions, our room was still held for us (we were the last to arrive that night) and the hotel welcomed us with a shoveled and salted entry.

The breakfast foods were lacking. No bananas or cinnamon rolls. Some of the foods seemed old.
Our room smelled like someone smoked weed in it. Ended up changing rooms late at night due to this.

This hotel is near family so we always stay here. We know we will always get a great night’s sleep.

Very nice staff attention to the public and comfortable rooms 👌

Hotel room was poorly cleaned. Stand up lamp in corner was plugged in and the fixture was dismantled, exposing wires. For 7 of the 11 nights I was there, I had no wash clothes.
When I started the shower on the first night, I found many strands of hair all over the wall, on the floor, and a large amount of black colored chunks started flowing from a long the door and back of the shower down to the drain.

The coffee in the rooms is worse than muddy water. This hotel doesn't have the standard pancake maker for breakfast, breakfast is very limited and rarely warm.

I had asked for the manager to contact me several times, I even sent an email to the email address her staff provided me, it was returned undeliverable. Finally cards with a new email address was put on the managers cards, yet NO RESPONSE after clearly asking for a response.

The area is not the best, a lot of homeless. Staff props the doors open and homeless come and go as they please. On my second day, I watched one come in through a side door and proceed to touch food with dirty hands during breakfast.

Staff is rude, with the exception of one that mainly works in the evening.

This hotel is poorly managed and if I was with the management firm...I would find new management ASAP.

The grounds around the hotel seemed sketch, but they do have a gate around the property and 24/7 security. It would be nice if there were brighter or more lights around the parking lot and grounds. Overall the hotel was clean and the front desk lady was professional and nice.

The beds were clean and comfortable, amenities provided except shower cap, tea and coffee provided, friendly staff.
Besides the beds, the rest of the room could have been cleaned a little more thoroughly. The lamps were dusty, and the bathroom floor wss not entirely clean.

Room was good sized, comfortable bed. Lighting could be better, but wouldn't prevent another stay here.

No matter what city I stay in I always choose holiday inn! So comfortable and clean and never disappoints! Not super cheap but not super expensive considering high quality they provide!

Traffic noise from interstate can be annoying. Rooms were clean, breakfast was good.

This hotel has a location that is at the crossroad to where ever you go, Denver, Rockies, where ever.  The hotel is beautifully positioned with breakfast, lunch, and dinner within just miles.  Rooms are quiet, breakfast is small but clean and nice.

I don’t think this property is at the standard that is normally seen at other HIE locations.

The night person during my stay was excellent she greeted you in the lobby & took her job seriously, I never saw anyone in the daytime as I left very early every morning around 6 am & returned around 8pm .

Bad location!  Front desk young and rude.

Hotel wise its deccent. But outside of the hotel there are Packs of druggies and homeless that occupy this area. Lock your car doors and don't leave anything valuable in there.Trash everywhere you go.

Courtney is an absolute angel! Outstanding customer service skills!! Definitely recommend!

Our room key didn't work to get in the room the whole stay. We had to keep going to the front desk and ask for them to open our room. The pool is outside which it said on our booking site it was indoor, so that was disappointing for our kids (It was like 50 degrees outside). And upon arrival it took like 45 min to check in.

You were going to get 4 or 5 stars until I saw the bacon monstrosity at breakfast. It was either very undercooked or steamed bacon... maybe boiled bacon? Not good.  I've stayed at other holidays inns and this was...wrong. Just a pink pile of gooey looking bacon. Please do not destroy such a wonderful food... it needs to crisp.

Breakfast was late one morning by about 15mins.  Neighborhood has a transient issue:  approached several times while on hotel property.  Hotel has erected a security fence due to the 'neighbors'.

I have been staying at holiday inn almost exclusively for about a decade. This is by far the worst one I have ever seen. If I were cooperate I would take this one over or strip them of the name. At least the staff is friendly.

I've stayed at quite a few hotels over the years, but this undoubtedly must one of the very worst places I've ever seen.  The room was just too small for a family of four.  There was a strange odor in the room and especially at the side exits.  It didn't look like the carpets had been cleaned in ages.  Someone had spilled chips on the staircase, and they were still there several days later.  The location is also pretty questionable, because there are homeless people staying in the park across the street.  Avoid this hotel at all costs, unless you want your vacation to be ruined.  My entire family became sick, starting with me the day after we checked in.  My daughter is turning 13 today, and doesn't even feel like celebrating.  Need I say more...

Room had blood or ketchup on the floor, sink faucet was loose, room felt a little dirty. Lots of homeless people around the area.

Hotel was clean, room was clean, and beds were comfortable.  The breakfast options were not great, everything was cold and there were not many options.  Worst part of the stay and the reason for my poor rating was the lack of privacy offered.  With a do not disturb sign on my door, the cleaning crew still came into my room.  I made the front desk aware of it the first day it happened and then it happened again on the second day.  I will not be staying again at this location.

If I could give zero stars I would.

We do not recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms are dirty, they advertise a microwave in the room, but it is on a low shelf without an outlet anywhere near so it is unusable, the bathroom’s toilet paper holder was broken and not attached to anything with hair on the floor in both the main section and the bathroom. The side doors were broken and therefore there was a single point of entry and exit, so in complete violation of fire codes. They also advertise a gym and confirmed the use when I called prior to the stay, but upon arrival that door was broken as well so it was inaccessible. This is a terrible property with even worse customer service. I told the staff at 0600 when checking out and was told the manager would be in at 0700, I returned at 0700 and another individual who wasn’t the manager told me that I would be refunded in 3-5 days. I called on the 5th day after my credit card was charged and was told they would just give me points. I again asked to talk to a manager and they said that one wouldn’t call me back for another 3 days. I will NEVER stay at an IHG location again because of this terrible staff and customer service.

If you stay here also be aware of the homeless camp across the street and the non-working side doors so if there’s a fire, you can’t get out from any door except the front.

Rooms are big but showing their age. The outdoor pool looked awful. Breakfast was a joke, only gallons of milk in the cooler, no yogurt, hard boiled eggs were in a chafer and no other egg options were available. Biscuits, gravy, and sausage. Not many healthy options.

No wifi. Had to use my iPhone hotspot which was slow, so looked for and found a Starbucks a couple miles away.

Most door locks don’t work.

Breakfast is terrible.

Bathroom was unkempt. Dirty towel inside behind the door upon arrival.

Pool water is extremely cold.

Will never stay at Holiday Inn Express again. Back to Hilton!!

The desk staff were amazing! The decor is quit dated (my room) my microwave did not work but then again it could of been operator error lol there morning breakfast was very good, I made a point to not miss it! My room was clean and stocked well! The location is a little sketchy as there is quite a bit of “foot traffic” day and night over to a local park that’s right there but was never bothered by anyone! Yes I’d stay there again without question! Access to I-70 is right there both directions with no problem!

Decent enough breakfast :P

everything was pretty good, bed was pretty good, breakfast was pretty good... but nothing was really good. For these reasons the price was too high.

My stay was great. But as usual I have been inundated with calls from Holiday Inn Club. I checked out 10 days ago, but I got another 3 calls the last 2 days.

My husband & I visited Denver for an event at Mile High Stadium. Hotel was a great location to the stadium.

Great rooms, friendly staff, very clean and nice hotel (nicest Holiday Inn I’ve stayed at) close enough to Red Rocks and super easy highway access for that. I will stay here again and again for future shows.

Beds were firm, the hardest ones we've slept on our whole road trip (and we stayed at independently owned hotels along the way). Wasn't an issue for us since the sheets were soft with down pillows that didn't poke, clean all around, and had great hot water (helped that we were active all day). Hotel was very accommodating with our last minute late checkout request.

Great stay in Denver.  Clean hotel.  Great restaurant and bar.  

Awesome outdoor pool.

Gym was clean and in good shape.

TV was easy to use and plenty of channels to watch sports, movies and other. 

Many restaurant choices and shopping close to the hotel.

Stayed here for a quick work trip. Great service, clean and spacious rooms. 4 stars because I had yet to be in a hotel where you had to pay for makeup remover wipes. Other than that it was great.

Nice location but poor housekeeping service, wasn’t what expected

I’m writing regarding my recent stay, which was significantly disrupted by repeated fire alarm incidents.
We were woken at approximately 4:50 AM by a fire alarm and had to evacuate the building. We were not allowed back inside until around 5:15 AM, at which point we were told it was a false alarm caused by shower steam.
A similar incident also occurred upon our arrival, where the alarm was triggered again and we were told it was due to the same issue.
While I understand the importance of fire safety, repeated false alarms—especially during overnight hours—indicate a maintenance issue and had a major impact on our stay. Being evacuated twice, including once in the early morning hours, disrupted our sleep and overall experience. Do not book here.

It was very nice and clean very modern and had a outdoor swimming pool and a restaurant attached to it that had great food and services! They also have a nice bar 👍

Hotel staff was very helpful ( Mike )
Restaurant staff, Tina, Linda, Robin, Jen and Katie were excellent.
Compliments to the kitchen for presentation and quality.

For someone who travels for work and likes to stay fit, this hotel is a dream. The gym is massive with brand new equipment and Peloton bikes. The infinity pool on the roof is also spectacular and very well-maintained. Highly recommend for fitness enthusiasts.

Positive: Great location, close to restaurants, comfy bed, nice lobby. Negative: The air system was loud, could use updating.

Stayed here for a combination of work and leisure. Great location with many amenities within a short drive. Clean rooms and everything works.

Customer service and staff were great. They always helped if i had a question.  Totally gave me full attention when needed.  checkout was handled very well.  Tried to help right away if i had a question.  Helped me find a parking place and helped answer questions i had about the upcoming workshop and convention. The service was very good during the workshop training class.  The area was always clean and neat.  Look forward to returning for the next conference. The travel down was very good and when i called they tried to assist me and answer all my questions. Right now i am planning on returning for the next meeting and i know it will be as good as the past one.

We were in town to visit family and take in some of the local attractions.  Even though we were not downtown, every thing was close by as the hotel is very centrally located.  There are lots of restaurants and stores near by as well.  The staff was very friendly, helping us with additional linen for the sofa bed.  The location is also very quiet.  Even though we were facing the street side, there was no noise coming in.

The "manager"  Nate is extremely rude. He started yelling at my husband when we were checking in after I had asked him to please stop being rude when he was looking up our reservation. Will definitely be reaching out to GM on this one!

Very clean and the whole building was nice. Location was great and will definitely recommend to anyone

Had to have the Biscuits and gravy. Sadly it didn't come with sausage crumbles as it said in the menu. Next morning I tried the French toast sandwich and substuted the scrambled eggs for sunny side up on the sandwich, smothered in syrup with a Side of taters. I recommend it. Good and Filling.

Great stay. Great on site meals. Staff was very helpful and courteous

Holiday Inn Express was clean and the staff was friendly, room was clean and very comfortable, hotel was clean and the staff was great! The restaurant was clean and quality & quality of food was just right

I would stay here again. Everything was great. The room was clean, the staff was pleasant, and the restaurant was good.

Exceeds expectation! Above and beyond! Love this property. I travel a lot for business but had to find a hotel in the area for a memorial event. Staff was fantastic and accommodating. Rooms were clean and restaurant and bat was very affordable.

Stayed for a quick overnight and enjoyed the stay.  Couple of highlights: HDMI ports are accessible on the television, the rooms are kept very clean, and the ambient volume of the hotel was decent.  Couple of things to note: no continental breakfast but a good restaurant, the heating/cooling units are a little on the loud side, and the lobby can be vibrant with the conversations of guests until the late evening.  It's location is close to a great doughnut place (Yummy's) and Coffee House (Bardo) so breakfast options are not that hard to come by.

Everything worked out price was right and location was perfect. I enjoyed the one night stay . Was passing through and the location was perfect

Not dog friendly, barely human friendly. Stairs were terrifying. Thin walls and doors. Some staff didn’t know where the stairs were and didn’t put us near the stairs when we mentioned we needed stair access for our dog. Front desk asked the man in front of me what he thought of the room; didn’t ask me (a woman). It was gross and dingey.

This is a very nice motel but we’re disappointed to learn that they no longer serve an included breakfast and want you to pay top $ at their restaurant inside. I’m addition there is no coffee service in the lobby and they only give you one cup of keurig inside your room. For the price I would have chosen a different motel in this area ( there are dozens within walking distance) that offered breakfast like most Holiday Inns.

Comfortable and cozy with a wonderful attached restaurant.

I felt very welcomed from the moment I arrived. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the room was spotless and comfortable. Overall, it was a great experience.”

A fabulous hotel and warm, courteous staff that makes you feel appreciated and valued!

While not directly downtown we found that the location was roughly 15 mins from any location in Denver. We were able to seamlessly check in after a delightful conversation with the staff which included local recommendations and tips and got right into our room. The room was wonderful, albeit the TV was a bit dated which made it difficult to connect modern business equipment, but we also noticed they were in the process of upgrading televisions so that may not be a problem for long. Also check out the restaurant while you're there, the food is excellent.

25 years ago we celebrated our wedding reception here, this past Saturday we celebrated again. Both times were lovely, memorable & fun! Appreciate all the staff, Reggie, Kaylee & our bartender … sorry can’t remember name. All were so friendly & helpful.

If you want a reasonable but very nice place to stay that actually has a/c that works and will get cold then this hotel is for you. Very comfortable beds and clean. Also like that the guy who’s checked me in patrols the parking lots at night to keep a check on things.

Had a great night's rest

I stay here every year and will always return to this hotel

Not provided adequate bedding or towels after specifically asking for them.  Complimentary breakfast was not provided due to a discounted rate using my IHG rewards points (charged additional 50.00 for breakfast)
Fire alarm went off in the middle of the night for 20 minutes with no explanation apology or evacuation. Was charged 2.00 for a replacement toothbrush, which was my fault for forgetting, but first time I’d ever been charged for a normally complimentary toiletry item at most IHG hotels.
This was also the only time that I’ve ever had an issue with the mattress at holiday inn. Lumpy and very uncomfortable. I stay exclusively at IHG hotels several times a month for business, this was the first time I’ve ever left a negative review in the last 10 years. I will not be staying at this location again.

I stay at holiday inn several times a month and usually I’m more than happy with my stay. This was a regrettable stay and I won’t be using this location again. I utilized my points as a silver member to get a discounted rate on the stay and was informed at the front desk upon arrival that because I got a discounted rate, I was not eligible for a normally complimentary breakfast.  
After making my reservation online a week before my stay, , I called ahead to make sure there was adequate towels and bedding provided as we had three of us staying in the room and would be using the pullout couch for one of us. Only two towels were provided, and no bedding or pillows for the pullout. Front desk did correct this oversite promptly.
 The fire alarm  went off in the middle of the night for 20 minutes non stop with little explanation other than to tell us we didn’t have to evacuate. 
Lastly, I accidentally left my toothbrush at home, totally my fault, but in my past stays at holiday inn I was always offered a complimentary toiletry item if I had forgotten something at home. I really liked this feature the almost all holiday inn hotels offer. This hotel, however, charged my credit card 1.84 plus tax for a replacement. I thought this was very petty. The money wasnt the issue, I just felt nickel and dimmed constantly my whole stay. Never had this negative expertise at this hotel chain before.
Won’t be returning to Lakewood Colorado holiday inn.

Great place for the value. Location next to several restaurants a plus after a long day of traveling. The associated bar with a great atmosphere to watch a game or just family gathering. Location in a safe location of Denver based off of the crime rates.

We were relieved to find that your hotel offers hospital rates for families in these situations. Because we have a large family, we have been rotating stays so our loved one is never alone. During every visit, I have witnessed incredible compassion from your staff. They have truly felt like "strangers turned into friends."

A special thank you to the team members who looked after my father. After he requested a microwave during his first stay, the staff remembered his preference and had one ready for him upon his return. It is these small, thoughtful gestures that make such a massive difference during a crisis.

Thank you for providing more than just a room—thank you for providing a sense of home and support when we needed it most.

Great price, great room. Very happy with the onsite restaurant and fitness center.

I always stay at Holiday Inn. This is my 2nd time at this hotel and everything is always great! Friendly staff, quiet and comfortable room, and very affordable. I will always recommend to friends and family.

My group held a function there... catered by HI. They did a great job.

Great stay! It snowed and the parking lot was shoveled.  Quiet room and the staff was very helpful.

Great spot

We asked for a microwave and we received one quickly. Very polite employees. The room and beds were very comfortable. The hotel was quiet. It is nice that there is a restaurant connected to the hotel. We didn't have to go out into the winter weather.

The family  was very  happy  with s  a clean room  clean  blanket clean  carpets  clean  bathroom  and have soap stock up

This hotel is horrible!  The front desk staff made me feel like a criminal when I checked in ( having a mycolorado ID and my card being on Google pay).  She made me feel singled out and embarrassed me in front of everyone in the lobby!  And then after checking out, it has become a constant headache to get my deposit back!  DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE TREATED HORRIBLY!!

The room itself as well as the bathroom were very clean. The shampoo, conditioner and body wash were full. The bed was comfy and the room was quiet.

It is a typical Holiday Inn. Good place to sleep.

This is a great example of what makes holiday and awesome. You know the bed is going to be comfy. No it's going to have a pool. You know it's going to have a restaurant. I love staying at regular Holiday inns because you get exactly what you expect. I never wake up early enough for continental breakfast anyway.  I ate in the restaurant twice because I saw no need to drive around and look for food. The chicken fried steak was great and so was the mac and cheese both times. The service at the bar was friendly. Michelle at the front desk was very helpful and facilitated made changing my reservation from one day to 2 days and then back to one day and even gave me a 1:00 p.m. checkout. I was acknowledged as a rewards member and this Wednesday definitely won back my allegiance to IHG. I will be jumping ship from the other hotel chain I've been staying because this reminded me why I love Holiday Inn.

It’s ok. It’s livable. The tv is so outdated though. It’s an LG and no Netflix options at all.

Overall, I had a pleasant stay. The room was very clean, tidy, and comfortable, which fully met my expectations for a Holiday Inn. I also really appreciated that the breakfast restaurant was open until 11:00 a.m. instead of 10:00 a.m., as this gave us more flexibility in the morning and made the experience more relaxing. One area that could be improved is the breakfast service. The staff appeared quite busy, and it took a long time for us to place our order and settle the bill. Improving staffing or service efficiency during breakfast hours would make future stays even better.

I was very pleasantly surprised at the high quality of this hotel. Formerly, I was a Hampton Inn snob, but no more! We enjoyed two nights in Lakewood and two in CastleRock. These hotels were beautifully remodeled, super clean and quiet. The bed in Lakewood was superior and the pillows were nice…not quite as high quality at the CastleRock location. The staff was delightful at both locations.

Very friendly staff.  The room was nice except it had door to adjoining room and we could hear the conversations of people in next room.  Our room was not serviced after first night and we complained at front desk.  The pillows are hard and not comfortable.   The walk-in shower is nice.  We had breakfast in restaurant which was reasonable and liked the omelet.

I stayed at the Holiday Inn Denver–Lakewood for a training in the area and chose to stay overnight so I didn’t have to drive two hours to make an 8:00 AM start time. I was pleasantly surprised by this property, especially having stayed at quite a few Holiday Inns across the country.

The lobby is beautiful and gives off a higher-end feel the moment you walk in. The elevators appear to be brand new—fast, smooth, and easy to use. My room was very comfortable, with a great shower and an overall clean, updated bathroom. For a one-night stay, it checked all the boxes.

My only real complaint is the lack of a complimentary continental breakfast. They have a full-service restaurant on-site, which is nice, but breakfast is not included in the stay. Other Holiday Inns I’ve visited with restaurants still provide continental breakfast, so this felt like a miss. That said, it’s the only downside worth mentioning.

Overall, this was a great stay—clean room, friendly staff, excellent location, and a really impressive lobby. I would absolutely stay here again.

Las camameras me robaron unos artículos de mi cuarto.
La verdad no lo recomiendo

Price reasonable ,clean, and comfortable room
Close enough to downtown but not a downtown price tag
Second time I stayed there and will be back

I had a nice stay for two nights this week. I extended my stay one night for same price because of snow and didn't want to drive back to Summit County.  Nice clean room and bathroom. Good location because it's next to Old Chicago and Dennys. Hotel room is nice and clean. They have snacks available next to front desk for good prices which I used one night. I use the gym, but the outdoor pool was not available. It appeared to open as there was no cover and it was steaming but the door to outside patio was locked.

Beast place holiday inn Denver lake

Convenient, quiet, good value

Friendly staff and comfortable rooms.

this is a great hotel, very good service

Our stay at the Lakewood Holiday Inn was overall a good one nothing necessarily bad happened. We have stayed in hotels a lot, and we make it a habit to check for signs of bugs. We found no signs of the bugs You definitely don’t wanna see, but there seems to be a problem with Boxelder bugs but since they aren’t dangerous or risk of taking one home and causing a problem we didn’t say anything to avoid having to make all of us work together to change rooms or something. amenities need to be worked on the refrigerator did not work in our room which means we lost a lot of food. They didn’t serve any kind of breakfast because there’s a restaurant attached but for people getting up to go early it’s inconvenient because they don’t open early. Also, they seem to close earlier than their hours stated on the door. the lobby market was not full of a lot of variety. The shower stays hot for a long time. The water pressure is OK but it’s a very basic shower. they provide hand soap and lotion, shampoo, conditioner, and body wash: all dove products (or at least in Dove bottles). They seem to work well and be of good quality. Remote didn’t work well for the tv. Check-in was super fast, but I don’t think it was necessarily an efficiency thing as opposed to the clerk not being fully engaged, said hi, checked us in thanked us for being a rewards  Member told us where to find the Wi-Fi info, directed us to the elevators and that was it. after that we were not interacted with by any staff for the remainder of our stay good or bad that also includes no hellos walking in the door, or goodbyes when leaving even if nobody else is in the lobby, I get not necessarily a negative thing but not what we’ve come to expect from IHG. Even with the less positives we are used to at Holiday Inns, it was overall a good experience and we would stay here again.

The rooms are clean and the beds are really comfortable. All the staff that I had interacted with are extremely polite and friendly. The restaurant had alot of food choices and the food was really tasty. I highly recommend this hotel as for me I will be staying here again.

Rooms are extremely clean. The staff is super friendly. And the restaurant is AMAZING!!

Came to Littleton to visit friends and found this hotlel. It was close to highway which was very convenient. Hotel staff was lovely, clean rooms, comfy beds and great breakfast.

The staff is friendly and welcoming. The rooms are comfortable and clean. Enjoyed my multiple stays here!

Clean hotel with very friendly and helpful staff!

Clean rooms and helpful staff. Decent location. Breakfast was standard and eating area was clean.

Was skeptical, but it turned out to be a great place to stay while visiting family.

Positive: "" Negative: staff was not helpful.     there is no continental breakfast, big disappointmentThere was a sharp corner on the closet that I cut my head onBed was like sleeping in a hammock

Me and my grandkids travelled almost 8 hours from a different state to join family for my Grandma’s 100th birthday. The staff that greeted us were very helpful… even upgraded our room to suit my family and I better and were helpful with hygiene needs I had forgotten at home. The morning staff weren’t quite as friendly but, it didn’t bother me too much as we were packing up to head home.

Nice clean place

Got in right away-clean room-everything we needed. Great experience!

We booked because of all the recent good reviews. Sad to report we did not share that kind of experience. When we arrived, the front desk worker was short with us and was not friendly at all. We then went to our room. Upon opening the door, we were hit with a musty odor and smell of urine. I always check the bed over for signs of bedbugs in any hotel we stay in. During this process, I saw small stains and tears on the bedding, and then I saw the mattress — also stained. The sofa in the room is also disgusting, and the bathroom sink was cracked. We immediately checked out and left. The front desk worker said we would be refunded. Hopefully so.

The mattresses used at holiday inn could be sold by prescription. I really recommend using holiday inn exclusively

Everything was great, stayed for business and conducted meetings all day in a large meeting room, staff was responsive and friendly.

We where on the beginning of a road trip,
Very easy to drive from Denver Airport
The restaurant at the entrance was good choice for us .
The room have space, comfortable bed and shower
Exactly what we needed for one night.
Breakfast at the restaurant was included and we recommend it

Overall good hotel, I dislike not having a microwave in my room. The restaurant is not the best if ordering a protein, they are bound to over cook it!!! I've stayed here 2-3 times staff is friendly but the food is meh and not worth the price

This hotel was exceptional!  We were a group of 3 couples attending a funeral.  The staff was so fantastic!  In the bar, in the restaurant and at the front desk.  The food in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast was delicious!  Thanks much!

This hotel was everything it needed to be and in a great location to get to where we needed to be throughout our stay in the Denver Metro area. The restaurant onsite was great and the staff there felt familiar by the time we left (esp since i staggered down for coffee every morning half awake - they were very patient :))

Overall a good expierence. Staff was very friendly. I love a holiday inn because they are always consistent.

Great stay here. Clean hotel and helpful staff. No one really ever expects much with hotel breakfasts but that restaurant is amazing! Robin was the best server we had on our whole trip. Friendly great service and she recommended some local hotspots. Great job holiday inn team

Security guard tried to enter our room in the middle of the night without knocking. Used master key card I assume. Claimed we should not have been in there and kept questioning my husband why we were there and his name. Not a great way to start our weekend there.

Customer service was excellent 
Rooms were clean
Wish they had a airport shuttle 
Hours of bar were a little early for me but the service was great.

The staff were all so helpful, welcoming and kind. The room was very clean and well maintained. The beds were comfortable, but were a bit too soft to offer the support I’d prefer. The restaurant was amazing and the breakfast was the best hotel experience I’ve ever had. We will definitely come back when we visit Denver again.

All the staff was very friendly. From checking in Deserre was very nice and the room was clean and new.  The breakfast staff was very good including our waitresses Jen and Madison. We were in town for just a few days and would recommend this hotel if staying in or near Lakewood.

Best value hotel! Staff were friendly and very welcoming. Room was clean and fresh. Always enjoyed the comfortable bed and pillows. Highly recommended! Thanks!!

Stayed here for a concert at Red Rocks. Close to the highway and easy to get to without being too noisy. The room was clean and comfortable, and breakfast was spectacular with really great service. Would happily stay again and plan to next time we're in Denver.

Although I checked in fairly late, the desk staff member was very friendly and kind, and was helpful in explaining the layout of the hotel and amenities. The hotel was easy to find and the area felt safe enough for me as a solo female traveler. My critique is that gluten-free items at the restaurant are sorely lacking. This is very frustrating for people like me who will have a severe reaction if we consume gluten.

Best part of this place was the convenience of the innsiders bar and grill...great access to Denver at better prices.

Great experience, comfortable, well lit. quiet location, speedy elevators

I stayed here because it looked to be a good value among a number of nearby hotels.  The hotel is well located with six stories.  It has an onsite restaurant, outdoor pool that was kept in very good condition and a small fitness center that was clean and had the basics (eliptical, treadmill, stationary bike, barbells, TV, water).
I enjoyed the room, it was large with table and easy chair.  The bed was very comfortable.  TV had wide range of channels but I didn't like the station guide.  Importantly, the wifi was strong throughout the hotel.  Ample parking.
I'd stay hear again.

The TV didn't work. We called the front desk & they said there was nothing they could do. 

We were awakened at 8:00AM by the sound of tree trimming right below our room.  Chainsaws, mulching, etc. While I understand the need to have it done, 8:00AM was far too early. 

The room was okay. The staff was mediocre.  The staff member who checked us in looked like he hadn't combed his hair in a year. 

I won't stay here again.

Great hotel. Expensive but it is kind of the going rate.

Constructive criticism. The fire alarm went off the first day of our stay. We learned that this occurs often because people ignore the no smoking rule and light up in their rooms. I suggest that you provide a statement to each guest at sign in that says “There is no smoking allowed in the rooms. If you set off an alarm that results in fire department fines to the hotel, these charges will be added to your bill.”

That protects the rest of us guests from price increases due to fines that the hotel may have to pay for each false alarm due to smokers.

If you’re on the 5th floor don’t panic if no hot water is coming out of the shower. Wait and eventually hot water will deliver. Step in , soak, turn off shower, soap, turn back on and rinse. You need to run the water for a while for hot water to arrive but then make up for the wasted water with a quick soak/soap/rinse.

Someone commented about lumpy pillows. If you choose the softer pillow option, it is less lumpy lol.

Very nice accommodations.  Highly recommend.

Positive: Plenty of parking, clean & spacious room, good hotel restaurant, comfortable bed, shower stall had plenty of pressure, conveniently located by freeway, room was cleaned daily. Negative: No microwave inside room, couch was stained, restaurant waitress was rude.

Amazing staff!! Amazing clean rooms!! The bed was fabulous and I had the best sleep ever!!! The only downside is it was very very far from the airport.  When I looked it up it didnt seem that far but that was my fault for booking it . Other wise this was the best night stay and I highly recommend staying here!! Just all kinds.of good stuff including the restaurant next door was so welcoming and had good prices and great coffee.

Complementary coffee service Friday and Saturday - $4 a cup Sunday and Monday - ???  Sticky stuff on several room furnishings. Really uncomfortable desk chair in room.

This was an excellent location for our overnight stay.  Love that they have and provide both firm and soft pillows and it is stamped on the pillow case.  The room was very clean, as well as the entire facilities. The restaurant provided a well balanced menu and the service was great.

Stayed at this location while attending a recent wedding. Room was great, clean and the staff very pleasant. Easy access to main Denver area roads. Would stay there again!

We enjoyed our stay after long day of travel.  Pool and restaurant were great.  Our room was comfortable and quiet, with lots of towels in bathroom and amenities.  Staff very responsive to any needs we had and breakfast menu had several options.  We enjoyed our breakfast and courtesy of all the staff during our stay.  Location was convenient for our needs during our travel seeing family and local sights.

We live in the neighborhood. Holiday Inn is our choice to put up visiting company. I've stayed here myself and enjoyed it.

Very comfortable.

I have been a platinum elite member for 13 years now. I travel a lot for work and also pleasure with family. Never have I stayed at a Holiday Inn that didn’t have coffee or hot water set out. I asked for hot water and was told maybe the restaurant could help out. Also ,never have I been told because I used my points I wasn’t able to get free breakfast. Those points are earned from using an IHG credit card and staying at several locations during the year. I have been considering for over a year now canceling the credit card because I can’t see many perks to even having it but this trip confirmed. Room was also 79 degrees when we got in there and even with AC blowing for 5 hours , it only got down to 74.  Not sure the reason for AC being completely off when it’s 102 outside.

Unfortunately when I was there they overcharged me by 190.00 I tried to contest it but they wouldn't refund my money I booked through booking.com can't trust them either can't even get a hold of me the Holiday inn was old they had homeless people staying there who had rooms there quite a few people from the streets the room two doors down someone accidentally hit their water fire extinguisher and flooded the room the whole hallway was loud from fans and wetvacs and my room got extremely humid and air conditioned wouldn't turn off I was freezing and sweating at the same time they knew this was happening and offered no one a new room except the people who screwed up in the first place someone hung their jacket on the water faucet of the fire water extinguisher it was a nightmare when I tried to reason to get some money back they said I'd have to go to court I will never stay any hotels by this corporation especially how it ends they're old ugly they're nothing like they used to be

Easy to get to red rocks ampitheater. Easy to get off and on highway. Restraurant on site. decent menu. Bar with in restraurant. Small gym. Big outdoor pool. Could use hot tub or jacuzzi. Hotel and restaurant bar staff professional.

Room was nice enough but a bit warn. Ac unit was pretty loud and thermostat was weird. We didn't spend much time in the room. Just there to sleep and catch a flight after a concert. The lobby needs updated. The front office manager was quite nice.

Great room

In the past staying there which i have the staff were friendly now they are rude the man that checked us in was outside smoking for 10 minutes the lady that checked my daughter in was just rude and that was the afternoon late she wasn't friendly

Absolute best experience of my life. Thank you to Michelle & Shaundrea for helping my parents while they were here. You treated us like family and we will always look forward to seeing you again 🙏💯

Very nice soaps and ammentities in room and bathroom

There's really nothing bad I can say about this location. The rooms are nice and the beds are very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and accommodating beyond expectations.

The rooms were nicely updated and comfortable. The bar and dining were very good but busy.

Positive: Friendly staff, well-kept rooms and lobby. Loved the outdoor area by the pool Negative: ""

Had a good experience here.  Clean, comfortable, and accommodating

I’ve stayed here many of times, this was the absolute worst experience!! I came I checked in to find the reservation was for the following day. They charged me 200.00 for a room when you can book 79 - 99 all the time. I will NEVER and I hope this stops some others, DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!! The staff is rude, lack of empathy or sympathy, does not care about its customers!!!!!
Please
BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE!!!!
I will be contacting the Corp office, but it more important people do not stay here! Very Disappointed!!
Will never return!
HORRIBLE HOTEL! STAY AWAY!!

Very quiet property.  Enjoyed my room on the top floor with a great view.  Bed was extremely comfortable and loved the different pillow options.  Wish there had been some USB charging options on the bedside tables.  Only USB charger was across the room.  Amenities were fine.  Didn't have any bath towels the first night, but problem solved easily.  Front desk service was excellent.

Only real disappointment was with the restaurant.  Arrived just under an hour before closing and found the service to be very slow.  Server seemed more intent upon taking care of end of shift tasks rather than customers.  Ordered a veggie plate that came with a large selection of different veggies, but a large majority were not fresh at all and not appetizing at all.  Kind of felt like they just emptied out the cocktail garnishes that had been sitting behind the bar all day.  Server had to be tracked down so I could pay my bill and she truly acted like it was a major inconvenience.

The staff is attentive, professional, takes pride in their work, and really goes out of their way to be helpful. The venue is very comfortable. The on-site restaurant is very good, good food, clean, and convenient. The price for everything can’t be beat.

We stayed for a baseball tournament in the area. The outdoor pool was nice but we could hear the commotion from our room. Once 10pm came the noise died down. Room was clean, beds were comfortable. We didn't try the restaurant on site

Came in for a Red Rocks concert. Only about 15-minute drive from the venue. Clean rooms, very friendly.

For a low to moderately priced hotel, this Holiday Inn was roomy and well thought out giving you all the necessary needs and comfort.

We loved our stay here. Very comfortable bed and cleanliness of the hotel was wonderful. I loved the large size of the pool and lounge areas.

Every thing was perfect. Clean, well maintained and great service.

Great location!

Positive: "" Negative: I still have not received my deposit back and it's been 2 weeks

Positive: Comfortable beds! Negative: ""

Good stay. Staff was pleasant. Room was nice. Location was good for our event we attended.

Our whole family was invited to stay at this hotel as it was the closest with availability for all of us. The stay was Meh… the food at the cafe was hit and miss. The front desk staff was also hit and miss. The manager was great however it seemed everyone else was trying to figure things out.

Kudos to the maintenance staff for installing the Commando 450 shower heads (Seinfeld reference; shower head episode). The room we stayed at was great. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a nice clean layout. We stayed here because we were going to a  Rocks concert and this a perfect spot for us.

Typisches Holiday Inn. Sehr sauberes großes Zimmer. Großes Bad mit großer ebenerdiger Dusche. Kostenlose Parkmöglichkeit direkt vor dem Hotel. Check in mit kleinen Problemen wegen deren Kreditkartengerät. Restaurant im Hotel okay mit sehr netter Bedienung.

Horrible experience! Made a reservation before hand and my age was not confirmed or approved for 21 or older at the time of reservation until I tried checking into my reservation. The manger or the old man running the front counter was just thoroughly unpolite and unprofessional. Absolutely zero help for me being a person from out of town. He had zero idea of options to go about helping find other hotels in the area he seemed lost lol.

No bible in hotel room and fireplace outside does not work also no vent in bathroom. . . Stairs are creepy.

I’ve spent over 40 years on the road supporting the cellular industry, so I’ve seen my share of hotels—good, bad, and forgettable. The Holiday Inn in Lakewood stands out as one of the very best values in the Denver area, especially for repeat business travelers like me.|Our company keeps coming back here, and with good reason. The staff is consistently professional, friendly, and remembers the needs of long-term guests. Rooms are clean, the property well-maintained, and genuinely comfortable—especially the beds, which matter a lot when you’re living out of a suitcase. WiFi is reliable enough for conference calls and file transfers, which not every hotel can claim.|It’s also in a superb location for our work in the Denver metro area, with easy access to downtown, the Tech Center, Golden, and westbound routes toward the foothills. Add in free parking, a solid on-site restaurant and bar, all year round pool, very fair corporate rates, and it’s an easy choice for our team year after year.|If you’re a business traveler looking for a reliable, welcoming home base in Denver, I highly recommend checking out the Holiday Inn Lakewood. It’s been a consistently superior experience for us.

Positive: Very convenient. Restaurants all around. Has a really nice pool. And the staff was very friendly. Negative: ""

Positive: Friendly staff. Negative: No

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Love to stay here when in Denver for our church general conference & visiting family. This hotel is conveniently located & is very comfortable. The front desk staff & manager are very friendly & professional & helpful & ALWAYS make us feel very welcomed. Thank You.

Amazing stay good service staff is very nice comfortable bed very spacious to move around in had a amazing time staying at your hotel

Positive: Perfectly fine. What you would expect. Negative: Nothing really

Clean, nice staff. Great location! Good rates. Nice outdoor pool!

Pros: We had a spacious room at the end of the hall. Beds were comfortable. Room was clean. My daughter enjoyed the pool. The pool is fairly large and there was a lot of outdoor seating. Convenient little shop with snacks and drinks in the lobby. Free parking. ||Cons: The hotel is a bit dated Unlike other Holiday Inns, breakfast is not included. But, there’s a restaurant on site and kids eat free with a voucher and purchase of an adult entree. ||Location is so-so. Freeway adjacent. 20-30 minutes from downtown and many areas of interest. We would not have picked this spot if we weren’t visiting friends in Littleton.

Elevator broken.  People stuck and had to call FD to come get them out.   
Fire alarm went off 2 nights in a row. Both false alarms.   But still had to vacate building in the late night. 
A/C in room kept shutting Off.  then room was Hot and it would restart and get cold.  
Asked for a portable fan, but was told they didn’t have any.  
No coffee in the lounge area.  Nothing was complementary for guests    Only 2 K-Cups for room coffee.  
Had to go to the hotel restaurant to get any coffee or simple breakfast.   It was over $60 for 3 people.   Way too expensive for hotel guest

I have family in Colorado. I found this hotel to be perfect for me. It is nice and close to the family. I love the outdoor swimming pool. It is very convenient having the restaurant attached to the hotel because I usually do not rent a car. Michelle and Shonda Ray at the front desk are great and offer exemplary customer service. The room is clean, cable tv. Beds are comfy. |When my daughter came out here from Boston, I recommended it for her too and now this is her go to hotel when we’re here as well. Thank you! Keep up the good work because I’m coming back asap.

Everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful.  The pool was just opened the second day we were there.  It was cold but the sun was warm.  The food in the restaurant was good, and staff was friendly.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Very clean room nice place to stay ..

Pool was out. Staff not friendly. Conference holiday inn are not my first choice.

I was told at check-in my rate was $134.83 & $67.41 for early check in which equals $202.24. I was charged $263.68 which equates to OVER 30% tax! I called and spoke to front desk & was only given 1 "reason" after another with no difference refunded.
BEWARE of untold price gouging by this hotel!

Possibly the worst IHG hotel I’ve stayed in. Sheets had blood on them.  We asked for new linens, which were brought, but we had to make the bed ourselves at 10 pm.  No coffee in the lobby.  Courtesy toothpaste for sale only. Many better options in Denver.

I made a mistake and forgot my work credit card this evening. The guy at the front desk was nice and answered a few questions I had about getting the card charged without actually having it. Unfortunately, the short, older lady next to him shook her head and rolled her eyes at everything he said, multiple times, while she was on the phone with another customer.  So when he completed my check-in, I asked her if she was a manager and she said she was. Okay, so I tried to verify with her that I would be able to checkout in the manner that he indicated I could, because she had shaken her head when he was talking. I don't need charge card issues when on company travel. She immediately started to argue about which time she had shaken her head. I felt nothing good coming from this road we were about to travel down, so I caught myself in an attempt to avoid a meaningless argument, took a deep breath and turned to the guy with a final question.

As I walked away, the manager, in a really rude and condescending voice said that actually she didn't 'technically' need to accept payment the way we had all agreed upon. This time, not quite catching myself fully, I asked if there was a problem at which point she was even more rude and argumentative, apparently hurt that I had turned away from her to ask the guy my final question. I explained that I was just trying to not argue and I thanked them and headed to my room.

After I got into my room, I realized that I wasn't comfortable staying there, passing by the front desk just to see her scowl at me for the next couple of days, so I decided to spend my money elsewhere. The guy at the desk was still there and cancelled me out very kindly.

As for the lady, she had contradicted and rolled her eyes towards a new employee in front of a customer, aggressively berated a customer who had made a simple mistake and was only seeking help in finding a resolution, and made them feel so uncomfortable that they were unwilling to stay there. It's a hotel, comfort is their business.

I'd recommend finding a new manager, for the benefit of both the employees and the customers. I know I wouldn't want to work for her.

The next place I stopped by was super nice and helpful. I'm in a room that is comfy and quiet and I can now look forward to passing by the front desk and smiling at the kind people here.

I've been staying 3 times already in this property and I love it

The staff was very friendly, the bed was comfortable. The air conditioning worked great ! 
 However the alarm clock did not work in my room and nor did the telephone, I asked for a 6:30A.M. wake-up call, I did not receive it. The alarm clock is very old and did not work either.
 As I was rushing out the door for my meeting, I looked at the phone, picked it up and there was no phone cord for the phone. 
 The room was not clean, there was food and hair on the floor and furniture.
 I was late for my meeting. which was in the building.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

This place is awesome. Friendly staff, clean rooms, and an all around great hotel. The best part was the overnight guys service dog. Didn’t catch his name but the dogs name is Delilah. Such a sweetie. She jumped halfway up on the counter to greet us. This place is the best! If you haven’t been I totally recommend that you stay there. Only down side is if you wanna see Delilah you’ll have to go on the weekend cause that’s the only time she’s there.

Clean room.  Very comfortable bed!  AC was too loud.  My only complaint.  Vance the breakfast server was outstanding.
Food was delicious.  NOT a buffet.  Real breakfast and super yummy huevos rancheros!  Pick what you want off the menu.  Was so much better than the standard free breakfast that comes with a room.  Very impressed.

I've stayed here many times...comfy rooms and safe property.  Restaurants close by too.

We really enjoyed our stay! We attended a concert at Red Rocks and the location was convenient. We opted to use / purchase a shuttle service to the concert. Be sure to choose the option to include breakfast vouchers when you book your stay. Breakfasts are ordered off the menu at the restaurant. They were very hearty options! I believe the pool was under construction or not open at the time, so if this matters to you be sure to check in advance. This hotel was recommended by a friend, and we would stay here again!

There are multiple options to stay at other hotels, but this is the one we love most.  

Thanks to the people who work there we enjoy a completely relaxing time on our staycation. I adore the staff.

One thing I always check is that the smoke detector looks to be working. This time I discovered that the one in this room was enclosed in plastic, like a bag. I immediately went down to the front desk and notified them. She did send a maintenance man up asap to remove the plastic. I received no explanation or concern from the hotel. We stay here often while visiting family in the area. Not sure we will return. One other odd thing was the shower stall door. The only way in is to crawl over the toilet. The other door was secured and could not be opened. It would be hard for an older person or someone with mobility issues to use the shower or the tub. Very disappointing 3 night stay

When I checked in they were very helpful and kind and I asked for a handicap room but the time I got to my room they were already taking my handicap chair for the shower so it was a very helpful stay with lots of kindness

We were really impressed with this Holiday inn. Rooms are spacious and beds super high quality comfortable. They have remodeled this hotel and updated it really well. Close to Dennys and another sports bar inside the hotel. Lamp plugs were not working but they replaced it. Has a small refrigerator as well.

Best Holiday Inn I stay out from the hotel staff to the restaurant staff could not ask for more.
This hotel and restaurant should be held as a model for other Holiday Inns especially the restaurant service.

The hotel was very nice and the room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was very good!

Everyone was super friendly and building was clean and at a good location with easy access to surrounding amenities with pretty views of the mountains. Grounds were well taken care of with plenty of parking.

Under the circumstances of my visit. This was a great choice of stay. Staff was great and accommodating to our needs and our loss. Room was great and spacious and very clean and comfortable. Lounge with fire was very relaxing.

The hotel is quite nice and the rooms are very clean. The beds are comfortable with plenty of pillows and the bathrooms are spotless. The front desk staff are helpful and made sure that we had everything we needed for our stay. There were only two drawbacks: the pet charges were not fully explained and they were excessive. $50 per night for a dog under 10 lbs is ridiculously expensive. The second issue was the lack of breakfast. We felt they should at least offer a continental breakfast in the morning but, because this hotel has a restaurant attached, they don't offer breakfast. At the very least, coffee service would be nice.

Most comfortable bed ever. Super easy location for Red Rocks. The breakfast was amazing too

Positive: Everything! Staff is awesome, food at the restaurant is awesome. Hotel is beautiful and clean Negative: Non

I visit Colorado every 6 mths and I have Been staying here for the last 2 years and other than a few obstacles that came up the staff was always so quick to help me and make things right! The hotel is clean, it’s beautiful, the food at the Innsider is so delicious. The staff at the bar is phenomenal… all of them!! Can’t wait to go back!

This hotel is great. The experience was good. The hotel is located in an awesome area of Denver. It's easy to park. Beds are comfy. Staff is friendly. I really liked our stay. I would stay here again if I ever get to visit Denver again.

This is the 2nd time I've stayed in this hotel. Both times have been very comfortable, affordable and close to where I need to be. Comfortable beds, friendly, attentive staff. I will stay here again when I'm visiting the area.

Great hotel, beds were comfortable, dining was exceptional, fix holes in front of hotel, overall, the front desk clerk was very helpful with me. Great location, within walking distance to a few dining facilities. Did not use the fitness room, nor the pool area, so cannot comment on those.

Overall,it was a good experience, the staff very helpful. The room was clean,but temperature a pain to get right.Too many big soft pillows, bed was on the soft side, TV remote could have been better, TV schedule on screen wasn’t easy to use. Room was very clean.

The hotel is clean and well-kept, and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I had no issues with my stay. Everything was in one place, and I didn't need to travel for anything other than my business venture. Great place to stay!

Overcharged!  Paid and an exorbitant amount for breakfast after being told repeatedly that breakfast was included in my booking.

I checked in with the same staff person I checked out.  Upon checking in the front desk staff was very polite and helpful, but that changed upon check out

Excellent rooms, service sosp

Room was clean and comfy had a happy hour drink and staff was very nice and welcoming. I was looking forward to a hot tub but I never got an answer if they had one or not.

Usually stay at Holiday Inns, comfy room, sufficient space, always clean, limited TV, quiet room,  excellent temp control, limited water and last but not least, good coffee

This Hotel in Lakewood is amazing! Everyone is so sweet and the place always smells good and is so clean!!

Not a bad hotel, but the rooms have some wear and tear that you would expect to be taken care of, they don't have a continental breakfast and the restaurant they do have is slightly over priced and the food is okay.

This holiday inn is as exceptional as all the others I’ve stayed at.

The Holiday Inn Express was an excellent place to stay. The service at the front desk was very professional, the room was clean and comfortable,  the food at the restaurant was very good and a good choice of items to order.

Terrible hotel rude staff gross rooms bug infested breakfast.. do not.. I repeat do not go here! Such a gross experience overall between the the staff and accomodies.. I rather stay at a motel atleast they don't put a stinky sheet over your eyes before you get there!

From check inn to checkout just plain top-notch service. The restaurant is a hidden treasure for seeking a wonderful breakfast.

Whenever I'm in Denver, this is where I prefer to stay.  It's always clean and quiet, and the staff is helpful, friendly, and efficient.  No matter what season, everything looks good, works, and the rooms are comfortable.

Its nice and all and rooms are pretty clean and the people that work there are nice

i love how staff was very helpful, as well as the room quality was amazing. The bar at the hotel has amazing food and drinks which made it that much easier to relax and unwind during my stay. highly recommed

We stayed at this hotel three times so far. They have a huge beautiful outdoor pool. It’s perfect in the summer. They were working on it on my last visit which was last week in January and that’s a good time to fix the pool because I will be back in the summer, they keep up on all the maintenance. The place is very clean. The beds are comfortable and the restaurant downstairs is extremely convenient if you do not have a Rent-A-Car.

Great food excellent service from Candace.

I visit the area regularly. I have stayed at other properties nearby but this hotel looks nicer, is cleaner and has better staff.

Check in and out was a breeze.


Restaurant attached to the hotel made dining a breeze after a busy day.

Affordable, clean, and friendly staff, couldn't ask for anything more!

Our check in was very fast, easy way to rooms, hotel is always clean and friendly staff.
Whenever I go there I just want to stay longer because I feel like home, there is also no noise at the rooms and is always a pleasure to stay there.

Love this place! I have new appreciation for Holiday Inn again! Staff - friendly & so accomodating / rooms - updated, nice beds & linens, super clean / office area in lobby with printer / rooms have frig & can get microwave / quiet; nice pool & workout area, tho did not use / restaurant - didn't try.
Only  downside - room overlooked the roof, tho mountains were in the distance. Would ask for different room next time!

I loved how accommodating, friendly & helpful the staff was from the moment I arrived. I asked for a few special things, including early check-in & they were very happy to oblige. The rooms were clean, updated & comfortable, including a frig in every room. The beds were very comfortable with good mattresses & nice linens. It was my first time in a Holiday Inn in many years & I will be looking to stay in them again on my next trips! It was peaceful and quiet. I also used their office area (computer to print) and it all worked well. There was also a pool & workout room, although I did not use them. Lovely stay & look forward to another Holiday Inn visit!

Went there with a meetup group to watch the Denver Broncos play on their big screen and to eat a meal.

Prompt, friendly, and helpful staff. Different types of pillows for different comfort levels. Clean rooms and decent provisions.

It is sad to say goodbye from Denver after some EXCELLENT vacation days. Part of this feeling is because of the people who served at the front desk, the supporters cleaning the room, and especially the restaurant, which has the best menu and their team is really kind. Thank you so much for everything!!

Everything was great at this hotel during the stay.
The front desk staffs and staffs at the restaurant offered excellent service.

This was my first stay. The staff are very kind and helpful. Our room was clean, in great condition, the beds are very comfortable. I always appreciate a quiet room and that was what we experienced. The Lakewood area in Denver has every kind of shop and restaurant and is not far from front range mountains. Great price, location and amenities ( pool, gym, restaurant.

HI-Lakewood is a solid mid-level hotel with a great staff, a descent restaurant and in a convenient location. I routinely stay there for business three to four times a year and have done for the last four years. It has good amenities. It could use a cosmetic makeover, but is safe and comfortable.

Great holiday inn. Nice location. Restaurant attached had excellent breakfast. I bought in on the room.

Staff pleasant, room comfortable and no issues with wifi. Great location.  Love the seating in the lobby with the fireplace - nice to have a place to sit and visit comfortably.

Will not honer online price False advertising

Spacious, clean room. Bed and pillows were very comfortable.  Great stay

We had to stay here quickly due to a family emergency. The hotel staff went above and beyond to help our family. I can not thank them enough. I will recommend them over and over again !!

Is a good place to stay, just the beds need to be a little more comfortable and probably continental breakfast same
Another holidays hotels

Awesome place to stay!  Great value!  Great Service!  Great Breakfast!  Even swam in the pool while it was snowing!!

The room was clean and comfortable.  The bathroom was warmer than the room by several degrees without using the shower.  It made makeup application difficult as there was no air movement either.  The bed was comfortable but became hot during the night despite the coolness of the room....

Of the hotels located in the vicinity, I think this one is the best for the buck. Confident of what I'm going to get. I come to this area often.

This hotel has top notch staff. Thanks to Michelle we were able to adjust our reservations due to weather related flight cancelations.  She is absolutely awesome, professional, and understanding. We appreciated her working with us.

This was my 2nd to CO and to this hotel. I had a great experience the 1st which is why chose this place to stay for my 2nd visit. I arrived a day early and they were able to accommodate me even this my reservations where for the next day. Also they were able explain what the weather warnings meant for their 1st snow of the season and how it would impact my trip.

Overall, I was impressed with the hotel.  Very pleasant staff, quiet room, restaurant onsite with good food, nice selection. Parking close to the hotel entrance. A very clean property. I would definitely stay again.

Rooms were clean and the staff was friendly and helpful

This is my second time staying at the Holiday Inn Lakewood. Both stays have been good to solid. Comfy beds, quiet rooms and a great bathroom. Only issue is the lack of a microwave. I travel for business and often times want to just eat in the room. Yes there is a fridge but I like to go to a local grocery store and buy food to heat up. Can't do that without a microwave in my room.

Thank you Trip.com , you made everything easy for me.Thank you Holiday Inn for the great reception. I recommend Holiday Inn.

One of the best Holiday Inn experiences I have had this location is exceptional from the detail to the rooms being clean to the great service that you get. Also, the bar and Grill attached to the restaurant is also awesome with great quality food and also they have all of the games on Sundays. This will definitely be my go to spot when I come back to Lakewood. Great job Holiday Inn. Also, the staff at the front desk are awesome!!

What a stupid reviee. Said short and I've  been answering questions for 10 minutes.........I hate this and am only finishing to say more negative things. You have lost your minds. Terrible motel chain. Finally can quit writing.

Thank you Travis and Austin for a great way to begin the morning for breakfast. Great service and food always delicious. Cheers!

The amenities were fantastic! The bed was comfortable. The only thing I would have liked was a microwave in the room. Overall our stay was great. The staff was very helpful! We used the red Rocks shuttle and enjoyed that as well.

Nice place. Food ok.location is ok. Near lots of places. Good staff

Clean, convenient, staff very pleasant.  Unfortunately the air conditioner was sooooo loud you couldn’t even hear the tv at a normal level. It remained loud then super loud when it stopped.  All night. On and off.  Awful.  No sleep

The room looked good from entry... until I looked at the incredibly filthy carpet.  Since I pay extra to have a pet in the room, I think my pet deserves a clean surface to sleep on.  This carpet was dirty and stained

Our stay was great due to the closeness to major attractions and staff attentiveness!  Loved the fireplace in the lobby with comfortable chairs around it!  Would definitely recommend it to anyone coming to the Denver area.

Service is great, but I'm here for a week and requested no clean. Soft beds, friendly people.

Everything at this hotel was great, only downside is my room had to be aired out before I could even be in it for more than a few minutes the chlorine smell was just overwhelming, left the window open and let it air out for several hours before it was good enough that you could be in the room

Great location and very comfortable  bed. Room was clean and good size.  Staff friendly  and helpful. Liked that there was a restaurant  available.  View from 5th floor  was  nice. Lobby was clean and open

Clean rooms, excellent staff! We were only here for a late night stop from the airport before heading into the mountains the next morning.

This is an updated room with a supportive king mattress and a room that is spacious and accommodating to your needs. The bathroom is fully updated as well. Besides having a restaurant attached to the hotel, we sincerely appreciated the hotel property security. Best regards.

No hay microondas en los cuartos y no hay cafe en la recepción, la persona atendiendo en el front desk esta totalmente desubicada, la reservation la hice con desayunos incluidos y el precio que se cobro fue con desayunos incluidos, en la mañana al ir a desayunar no nos querían dar el pase para el desayuno. Tube que hablar al 1800 para preguntar, después de eso nos hablo el personal de recepción para decirnos que se habían equivocado, que si se habían cobrado los desayunos,  después de haber pasado por esa mala experiencia pudimos tomar el desayuno el cual deja mucho que desear.
Las habitaciones si están limpias y modernas.

Great place to stay we spend about 30-35 nights a year here.
Thanks to Michelle and crew

My family I stayed here for 2 nights during our roadtrip. The staff was friendly, breakfast was really good at the restaurant. The rooms were not bad at all and comfortable. Recommend if you do not want to be in central Denver area and have a car.

We stayed there for 3 days 2 nights
Everything from check in to check out was pleasant.
Would definitely stay there again.

Staff was great. Hotel was clean. Definitely choose this for a budget friendly stay.

Having stayed numerous times for weeks at time ,I could not ask for a more accommodating staff. From the time I check in to the time I check out every one is quick to address any issues I may have. For those crying about no free breakfast guess you have not had your fill of the usual free items at Holiday Inns across the country . The breakfast menu is great and more than affordable.

My husband and I traveled to Colorado for a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater.  We were very delighted at how close the Holiday Inn was to the venue and Black Hawk casinos (a plus).  Overall, the staff was super helpful and amazing to us.  We very much enjoyed talking to Jennifer from the hotel restaurant.  She gave us many great tips and places to visit in our short time.  Jennifer also helped us order our breakfast meal early in the morning because we had to leave the hotel shortly after 6AM to catch our flight. Overall, it was a great experience at the Holiday Inn, and I recommend it to anyone needing a place to stay in Colorado.

We arrived 4 hours earlier at the hotel and asked if we can check in already. The nice lady checked us in and asked us to wait for an hour so they can the get room ready for us. We had lunch out and came back after and hour and she gave the keys to our room! We were able to get some needed stretch before we head back out to visit relatives in the area.That was a fantastic customer service. We surely live coming back to Holiday Inn Lakewood, CO.

Great location close to downtown without being to close.  The train is also close to make it easier to get to downtown.  The area around the hotel has all the food and beverage locations necessary for a relaxing trip.

Your basic needs at affordable prices. Quiet, clean, and comfortable. Restaurant on-site as many hotels are going away from providing breakfast. Did not try but menu looked appetizing. A microwave would've been nice in the room as an option. Overall a great stay.

The hotel was clean, as is consistent with most Holiday Inn hotels. The fitness center was well equipped and clean.

My only complaint is that the facility had no coffee. I had to wait till 7 am to go into the adjacent restaurant to get coffee.

The room was warm so they gave us a fan. Couldn't use it because I was allergic to something it was blowing around. No extra cups in the bathroom. Fridge was cold, water was warm, coffee maker was broken. Bed was comfy.

My stay at this location from check in to check out was excellent!  The front staff always remembered my name when I purchased anything and helped me. Comfortable clean room, quiet, and good light blockage for windows in the am. Would highly recommend this location!

I appreciated having a full restaurant available. I loved the clean and well-lit gym. I also liked the outdoor area/pool. The room was clean and comfortable.

Decent property close to Red Rocks. Although the staff was not very friendly the rooms were clean and well kept. Quality and value for price paid

Clean and quiet room. Location was out of the way and not close to any popular spots in Denver.They want me to keep writing to finish this review, but there is nothing much else to say about the place, just similar to all other holiday inns.

Clean, comfortable, good food. Staff is friendly and the location is central to most everything that you need. The bar/grill next door has good options, too.

No suggestions to add in this area. Thank you for the lovely stay.

Stayed here as a hub to multiple day trips. Easy to get to Red Rocks, Colorado Springs or Denver. The location was perfect. It was very clean. Nice restaurant/bar in the lobby.
Would stay there again.

I would not have chosen this hotel but wanted to be at the same location with family for the wedding. The pool needed a good cleaning and maintenance. There were wires and light sockets that were exposed and pulled out into the pool making the safety of it questionable. There was no hot tub which was disappointing. Free coffee availability outside of the room would also have been a nice perk. Only one of the two elevators worked. The rooms were fairly clean, but the hallways and lobby seemed dirty and needs an update.

The property is well maintained. Bed was comfortable. Room was clean and comfortable. My only complaint was not being able to check in prior to the wedding we were attending even though we had reserved with the wedding block of rooms. Had to come back in between the ceremony and reception to get into our room.

The only downside is there isn’t enough sound insulation from the hallways so you always hear people coming and going which is disruptive when you’re trying to sleep. Otherwise the facility is good. Loved the big pool.

Other than the additional fees that were not on the website overall it was good

Went to the restaurant for dinner - we are local to the area and have been looking for a Monte cristo - read on line that this place makes a great one. The monte cristo was fabulous minus strawberry preserves that they serve with it - everyone knows it should come with raspberry preserves. It was like dipping it in strawberry sauce you would put in an ice cream sundae. Too bad because the sandwich itself was good.
Atmosphere was nice as well.
Will keep searching ….

Comfy, clean, accommodating, convenient location. The Insider Bar and Grill is comfortable, service is great, food is alright.

Vacation with Matt day 3

Hotel was very clean and close to activities that we were looking to do. Don’t eat at El Tapatios across the street. Horrible restaurant

When I look for a hotel to stay in I look for location free breakfast what amenities what is around to shop eat what trails to run etc. I will not stay there again or any other of these hotels again you need to put customers first and what they need to strive to have a better place to stay when not home.

Pool was dirty. The room was stuffy and it’s never cleaned while you were there unless you requested. I’ll people in our party had allergies and stuffiness when in the room for very long as well as after sleeping. The staff tries to hide the fact that they do not offer any breakfast amenities and pushes you to go spend money in the bar.

Everything felt new and clean. Everyone was friendly. Restaurant and market on site were very convenient.

Wonderful facility, easy to get around, clean and very nice.  This was a great meeting venue and we will be returning for sure.

The comfort and cleanliness of this hotel are very good. The pool is very nice but could use a little more attention.

clean rooms, nice restaurant, great service

The room was clean, comfortable and all in working order. Front desk staff were helpful and pleasant. The restaurant is clean and food quality was good. They seem to be chronically short staffed however.

Room smells musty, damp. Took 3 requests to finally get housekeeping to service our room.

This location is very convenient for getting around the Denver area. There are wonderful restraunts nearby. This is the second time we have stayed at this location.  The rooms are clean, comfortable and quiet.

This really is a good hotel with a friendly and helpful staff and very clean. Only knock is building could use a remodel

The front desk service was friendly. The rooms were clean. It was also convenient for the concert I attended. I'll probably come back

The room was a nice size. Beds were comfy, and had (4) pillows. Two were soft, and 2 were firm. 
Last place we stayed had a total of 2 pillows for the room, that were so flat, you would think they were 20 years old.
So glad to have comfy pillows.

Thank you for letting my family and I at your hotel

The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are comfortable and clean. Red Rocks and downtown Denver are all within 30 minutes or less drive. Fitness center and pool are nice and convenient.  Overall, my stay was relaxing.

NOT Handicap friendly.

Great location. We were visiting friends this was  nice, clean and affordable hotel.

I shared a room with my friend. I am handicaped and there were no handicap spots available. The three handicap spots were a lot farther than the Elite spots you have reserved for frequent clients.90% of the Elite spots were vacant.  Even when it comes to parking; don't meet standards; exceed them.

What is more important to your franchise is very obvious, it is not your handicaped clients.

I parked down your steps, second level. NOT Handicap friendly.

Friendly hotel staff, super clean room. Different types of pillows to sleep with (hard/soft) depending on what type of sleeper you are. I liked that they didn't come into your room to clean it unless you asked.

The hotel was clean, well kept and friendly service. It is in a good location. Services nearby. The room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast package is a good deal. We would stay here again.

As a first timer, I was politely welcomed upon arrival. What I look for most in hotel stays are cleanliness and mattress quality; the Lakewood Holiday Inn exceeded my expectations. I was traveling for business and got a great night's rest for all three nights. The hotel had great wi-fi, cold air, and satisfying water pressure in the shower. Highly recommended property in you're in the area.

The location was good, the cost was ok.  However there was no free breakfast as advertised online.  The pool was dirty, like slightly green on the bottom dirty.  Our bathroom fan didn’t work.

The breakfast is what got me - I have just been in Kentucky and they offered free continental breakfasts and it was fantastic.  I didn’t have to go anywhere or pay more for breakfast - free coffee and food right there.

I made my reservation through the IHG app - military rate.  Amble free parking. Spacious lobby. Friendly quick check in. Greeted as a IHG member, but offering of at least a complimentary water bottle no mater what member level would have been a nice touch. The room was clean. We loved the large spacious bath vanity that allowed room for our toiletries. Sheets were on the cheap side and were "limp". A 400 threat coup would have been nice. Room housekeeping was offered on an as needed basis. There was a small refrigerator and coffee/coffepot but no microwave.   There was no complimentary breakfast, but breakfast coupons were offered at a price with your reservation (although I don't remember seeing that option).  Breakfast  was not served quickly and averaged about $14 per person with coffee at $3.50, OJ $4.00 plus 8% tax and tip. Eggs were a bit over cooked. Pancakes cool. Had a late dessert one evening ... room temperature apple crisp (a shot in the microwave would have helped) and melting vanilla ice cream with ice crystals (it been in the freezer too long).  One morning I was billed for 2 coffees ($7.00)when I ordered 1 coffee and an OJ ($7.50) . I wanted to be honest and pay for what  I received so I asked for a corrected bill and was told the 2 coffees were cheaper. Had a puddle of water in the elevator which smelled like fish. It took about 20 minutes to clean up, but a good 12 hours to deep clean to get rid of the odor. Check out at 530am was quick and billing accurate.

Decent enough basic hotel. Rooms were clean, and staff was very nice! The lack of breakfast was annoying. There was no free breakfast and the "restaurant" that was attached did not look very good. They were serving what should have been free breakfast for $13+ a plate. The hotel also CHARGES AN EXTRA $50 just incase you want to buy food from the restuant or snacks and charge it to your room. Youre better off going to a local diner.
I know being a cannabis friendly state your bound to have people try to smoke inside. You could tell past guests tried in our room and there were multiple times the stairs smelled like weed. Overall it was ok.

The hotel was quite clean and the staff was friendly and kind. They were very helpful as well. It was a good night's rest thanks to the quality of the room and bed.

I was looking for a decent priced hotel with an outdoor pool. This place exceeded my expectations. I checked in very late and was greeted by Michael. It was a quick easy process. My bed was very comfortable. The room was modern and spotless. The pool is huge and clean with nice tables and lounge chairs. The gym was spotless too.
The TV had great channels such as HBO and Disney.
The restaurant was perfect too. So handy. Good food,
I’ll be coming back and forth from Boston and will be using this hotel in the future.

Aaaa diff cannon Vincennes Utah’s huge over unmoored

Many things of interest nearby, especially Red Rocks. Comfortable room. We enjoyed our stay.

I cannot express enough how perfect this venue was for our special event. From start to finish, Leslie Navarro, the Sales and Catering manager went above and beyond to ensure every detail was flawless, making our reunion an unforgettable experience.



**Exceptional Service:** The hotel staff provided exceptional service, accommodating our every need with a smile. From the event planning process to the day of the reunion, their attention to detail and commitment to making our event a success were evident. The team was flexible, understanding, and incredibly supportive, helping us create a warm and welcoming atmosphere for all our guests.



**Beautiful Venue:** The event space was beautifully arranged, offering a comfortable and elegant setting for our gathering. The decor was tasteful, and the setup was exactly what we envisioned. The hotel provided everything we needed, including state-of-the-art AV equipment, making it easy to share memories and presentations during the event.



**Comfortable Accommodations:** Many of our attendees stayed at the hotel, and everyone raved about the quality of their rooms. The accommodations were clean, comfortable, and well-appointed, providing a relaxing retreat after our festivities. The convenient location of the hotel also made it easy for out-of-town guests to explore the local area.



**Delicious Catering:** The catering provided by Austin, Dominic, and Eric, was top-notch. The menu offered a wide variety of options to choose from and everything was delicious.

**Attention to Detail:** What truly set this experience apart was the hotel's attention to detail. They understood the significance of our reunion and worked tirelessly to ensure everything went smoothly. Whether it was arranging special seating for those with mobility issues or coordinating with our event planner, the hotel staff was on top of everything.



Overall, the Holiday Inn Lakewood exceeded our expectations in every way. Our 50-year reunion was a resounding success, and much of that is thanks to the outstanding team at this hotel. If you're looking for a venue that offers exceptional service, beautiful spaces, and a commitment to making your event truly special, I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Lakewood. We couldn’t have asked for a better place to celebrate such an important milestone!

This hotel is a great location for activities (red rocks amphitheater & getting to downtown).  Enjoyed that it offered a shuttle for red rocks concert!  Rooms were comfortable & staff was friendly.  Would recommend this hotel!

Had a great vacation thanks to Lakewood holiday inn!  Will definitely be back again!  Thank you to everyone who made my vacation amazing!  Nothing could've made it better!  Truly a wonderful experience!

A Memorable 50-Year Reunion at Holiday Inn Lakewood Denver
Certainly! Here's a glowing review for the Holiday Inn in Lakewood, Colorado:

---

**A Memorable 50-Year Reunion at Holiday Inn Lakewood**

We recently held our 50-year reunion at the Holiday Inn Lakewood, and I cannot express enough how perfect this venue was for our special event. From start to finish, LesliE Navarro, the Sales and Catering manager went above and beyond to ensure every detail was flawless, making our reunion an unforgettable experience.

**Exceptional Service:** The hotel staff provided exceptional service, accommodating our every need with a smile. From the event planning process to the day of the reunion, their attention to detail and commitment to making our event a success were evident. The team was flexible, understanding, and incredibly supportive, helping us create a warm and welcoming atmosphere for all our guests.

**Beautiful Venue:** The event space was beautifully arranged, offering a comfortable and elegant setting for our gathering. The decor was tasteful, and the setup was exactly what we envisioned. The hotel provided everything we needed, including state-of-the-art AV equipment, making it easy to share memories and presentations during the event.

**Comfortable Accommodations:** Many of our attendees stayed at the hotel, and everyone raved about the quality of their rooms. The accommodations were clean, comfortable, and well-appointed, providing a relaxing retreat after our festivities. The convenient location of the hotel also made it easy for out-of-town guests to explore the local area.

**Delicious Catering:** The catering provided by Austin, Dominic, and Eric, was top-notch. The menu offered a wide variety of options to choose from and everything was delicious.

**Attention to Detail:** What truly set this experience apart was the hotel's attention to detail. They understood the significance of our reunion and worked tirelessly to ensure everything went smoothly. Whether it was arranging special seating for those with mobility issues or coordinating with our event planner, the hotel staff was on top of everything.

Overall, the Holiday Inn Lakewood exceeded our expectations in every way. Our 50-year reunion was a resounding success, and much of that is thanks to the outstanding team at this hotel. If you're looking for a venue that offers exceptional service, beautiful spaces, and a commitment to making your event truly special, I highly recommend the Holiday Inn Lakewood. We couldn’t have asked for a better place to celebrate such an important milestone!!

A really clean nicely done hotel. Rooms were very nice staff was welcoming and polite. I enjoyed my stay there. Thank you

Was a great stay for our family vacation. The location was great for the location of the Denver stay vacation. Close to the  sights that we were interested in seeing around the Denver area. Shopping and restaurants we some good options for us.

Clean bedrooms, bathrooms and comfortable bed with a small, but convenient and equipped workout center. Did not get to use the pool, but it looked clean and inviting. The restaurant was just okay, and could do better on their service. 

Close and convenient to Red Rocks!

The room was clean and spacious as were the public areas and restaurant had numerous choices. Close to Denver and many other shopping areas

They need to get on board with CLC for us Truck Drivers.

I forgot to add the fire alarm had went off for a long time .  Myself and other guest stepped into the hallway to see if there was a fire and we should evacuate.  The maintenance man was in the hall and yelled at us to just get back in our rooms.  He acted like we shouldn’t even be checking to see what was happening.

This was a great place for our family and friends to stay during our son’s wedding. The service was in Pine. We had the rehearsal dinner here and it was perfect. Great value, food was excellent, service was amazing, and very family friendly.

Didn’t like how someone open our door without knocking first . They just open the door & once they seen that someone was still in the room they close the door back

Great experience! Clean and quiet! Close enough to red rocks!

Excellent stay- great IHG property. Staff were wonderful and so helpful. It was nice to have an active restaurant/bar still open and full service. I stay at a lot of IHG properties, and this one is great. All the things that Holiday Inn has to offer in the past and still keeping up with the competition.

Honestly not sure why there are so many positive reviews on this hotel. I ended up booking it for 3 nights because of the positive reviews and let me just say this hotel is not it. When we first arrived the front desk staff was not at all welcoming. The guy rolled his eyes when I asked for a receipt. The room was awful. It smelled very moldy, and was super muggy. The thermostat does not work properly, you constantly have to manually turn it on/off. There is no fan in the bathroom, super weird. They say that the pool is heated, 80 degrees. This is not true. We tried to use the pool the first night, the water was cold. That's fine, but what isn't fine is how dirty the pool area is. We had to dust off the chairs before attempting to use them. I seriously question if the pool area is ever being cleaned. It was absolutely disgusting. There are much better hotels out there for as much as this hotel charged for 3 nights. Just go somewhere else! At check out I told the lady our stay was not good at all when she asked, and she didn't even seem to care. Just a terrible experience overall.

Excellent quality hotel, competent staff, excellent filling and tasty breakfast. Thank you… enough said!

Overall we enjoyed our stay. We just wish they would have included breakfast with the reservation. Put microwaves into your rooms please. Also they need a hot tub. They only have a swimming pool.

Friendly staff, accommodating, clean rooms, great attached restaurant, quiet, comfortable and cozy. Met all our needs and accommodation requests, allowed early check in with no extra charge or issues.

Very clean rooms. Nice workout area - just enough to get a workout in although the treadmills sit in the sunny area of the room.  Staff was friendly & helpful.  Breakfast on day two was a little slow due to a staffing issue.  Food was good, nice selection.

Parking lot was completely full, I cancelled this reservation, and still got charged for the entire stay.

We reserved a block of rooms with Leslie, Director of Sales, for our offsite wedding July 11. Leslie was extremely flexible and accommodating as our party made frequent changes. We had a slight miscommunication upon check-in and Michelle at the front desk went out of her way to accommodate us. The rooms are nice and large with updated features. The hotel also provided free shuttle service for our guests to the venue. Overall, we could not be happier and are happy to recommend Leslie, Michelle, and the truly fantastic Holiday Inn Lakewood!

I was a little nervous because I haven't stayed in this particular hotel before, but I would definitely recommend,  I was able to work, attend a concert, and just relax.  I felt safe and comfortable. The staff was friendly and was very helpful.

The beds and pillows were awesome. I wanted to take them to my house. The lobby is a little dated, but the rooms are quite updated and great. The bathroom was very nice. The room overall was clean. The woman at the front desk was very kind as well.

After driving for 10 hours in extreme heat, it was great to get the recognition, service and accomodations. Will definitely stay at this hotel again.

The hotel and staff was helpful. The room was clean and we really didn’t have any issues with it. The only problem we found was that the pool appeared to be not so clean. Overall, our stay was good.

The beds were super comfortable, the pillows were amazing and the air conditioner was wonderful. Although I am a member,  they did not ask me at the front desk so I don’t know if I received my points for staying.

Michelle greeted us warmly and was veery friendly. Enjoyed our stay. Restaurant is ok..

The staff was friendly and it was not crowded. I felt like I was special. The restaurant had great food and incredible drinks. The bed was so comfortable. Wish I could have stayed longer.

We have been staying at this location for the past 20 years when we come to Denver for events or to visit family and friends. It is the service and cleanliness that
Keep us coming back

Excellent experience, kids loved it.will definitely be coming back!
Front decks was helpful.

Nice and clean. Facility well maintained with some upgrades.

Clean hotel in good location accessible to both city and mountains

Clean rooms, comfortable beds. Good coffee and tea with real creamer half and half for guests in the lobby would be a great hospitality, considering the room rates charged. There is a restaurant on the premises, but not the point that you have to pay for the simplest of the pleasures.

The sink was clogged the whole time and my room was not serviced by house keeping I had to use the same dirty towels during my stay because housekeeping did not serviced my room also had to brush my teeth while I took a shower because sink was clogged .

Little dated compared to other IHG properties. Really clean and the staff is great - that makes up for the age. My only complaint is they dont post the bills on your IHG account. This is an inconvenience to have to call in for business expense purposes.

The room was very clean and comfortable! The staff was amazing! I would stay here again if I travel to Lakewood!

Always great accomodations, clean, friendly service, great location to access.  Will recommend this hotel, as I have been a member for 14 years.

For the price, you should offer a continental breakfast or a discount on a meal if you have a restaurant.

Quick check in/check out. Comfortable room and close to many restaurants

We only stayed for one night, but the room was clean and smelled good.  Room was nice sized, pool was huge.  Enjoyed the Dove soap that was provided.

I would like to say, If you are RICH, and making over six figure's than this is your hotel. If you want to soak in a hot tub, well they don't have one. Sorry at over $200 plus a night it not a Gaylord! So greater isn't always better. So you must be cautious on how you spend what God gives you & don't forget to Tithes *& Bless the Lord in sowing seeds into the Kingdom of Heaven!!!

Clean. Friendly staff. Great restaurant. Easy access. Close to shopping.

The room was nice and clean, the bed was large and comfortable. The bathroom was updated and also clean. The staff was friendly and readily available. We did not eat at the restaurant attached but we did order a tea and they were super nice as well. Thank you!

We were so pleased by the cleanliness of the room itself as well as the bathroom. The service for breakfast was quick and efficient and the food was served hot. Excellent location for what we were wanting to do.

I would stay again but the parking wasn't great and the pool should stay open later.the bar and lounge should have been open later.

Greeted warmly and quickly at front desk. Room clean. AC worked well. Great location for events west of city, ie, at Red Rock and Golden. Access to whatever you need, yet set back from road so was peaceful by pool. The in-house restaurant provided awesome omelettes to order with lots of fresh veg and good breakfast potatoes. We had only one blip with the restaurant; husband & I each ordered salad, with steak medium rare, and both were more than well done and tough. I snuck mine onto my husband’s plate 
Not sure if server got order right-was very busy and distracted yet kind and helpful. 
We were too tired and hungry to raise a fuss after a long day traveling. Husband mentioned later when asked by mgr how experience was and he gave great service recovery. 10/10

Miss the continental breakfast, that was a bummer. Food was still great in the restaurant but typically is complimentary bs paying for.

Comfortable and great bed. Good location. Great people.

Overall we had a great experience at this hotel and party was easy and free it was free. friendly staff and always friendly 
I would stay here again thank you Guys

The room was clean and comfortable. the shuttle service was excellent. the elevators were fast and reliable. the restaurant had good food choices with reasonable prices. Enjoyed my stay very much and recommend this hotel for the convenience to Construction Exam Center and overall value.

Beds were comfortable and front desk staff were wonderful. 
Property is older and very outdated.  Obviously used to allow smoking.  Did not feel safe in parking lot, and would not have used shuttle based on appearance and manner of drivers.
Room was fairly clean, but smelled like old smoke.

It was a great hotel! Very clean and staff was nice! It would have been a great experience except for the fact that both nights of my stay, the fire alarm was set off! The first night was at 3am and we were evacuated from the building, the second night, the alarm was set off at 9pm and we were evacuated again! I recently had knee surgery and had to climb 3 flights of stairs both nights!

The staff and property itself are top notch but the fire alarms on the other hand are quite touchy. We had to experience 2 incidents where we were evacuated from the building due to the fire alarms being set off. Sadly, not happened within 24 hours of each other. This was the only downside to our stay.

Staff was rude on arrival so I just ignored them for most my trip. Until I got to my room and noticed there was no soap or toilet paper. I had to use the restroom after driving 8 hours so I just used the lobby bathroom. And later called for them to be brought to my room. Which never happened after asking once more I took matters into my own hands and went to the front desk and waited in a long line to shamefully ask for toilet paper and soap….

Haley and Mike at the front desk were indispensable.  Haley was like our personal concierge, helping us with local events, shopping and dining while Mike helped immensely before and during our stay.
Kudos to the entire staff. They were all great!! Thanks for a nice stay

Great place to stay on outskirts of Denver. Will stay again

I live in Colorado but had to travel across the state to attend a wedding. I was immediately greeted at IHG member and my check in process was quick and painless. I’m a light sleeper and staff respected my Do Not Disturb sign so I got to sleep in peace.

We have stayed at this Holiday Inn several times as we visit family in the area.  The front desk employees are always very helpful and friendly.  While the lobby could use some updating, the rooms are very nice and clean.  The bed is comfortable and temperature is adjustable to your liking.

Housekeeping is available on demand if you want it.  Otherwise, you can just ask for towel service.  I like that.

I am disappointed that there is no free breakfast, but I guess that is what most Holiday Inns are....the Holiday Inn Express brand has the free breakfast.  IHG members should be treated just a little special.  A couple of bottles of water each day would be a cheap and nice way to do that.

Staff was very courteous right from the start. Always asked if you needed something when you were going out for the day or coming in at night.

the hotel needs update and staff needs to be able to communicate in English. I could communicate with cleaning staff to try and have hand soap replace the one of the other items that were duplicated.
The air conditioner was nor working properly. the refrigerator was not working properly. 
we requested of the front desk to have these fixed. we stayed 4 nights, and nothing was fixed.
I would not recommend this property. We stayed here before and had similar issues but tried again but that was a mistake on my part.

For my one week stay my situation required 3 separate/different reservations. My stay was seamless & very professionally handled. The folks that run this place on the 'Day to Day' do it effortlessly & with a smile. The Good ones make it look easy. Thanks to all!

Great place to stay! Staff is very friendly. Atmosphere is calm. Hotel is clean. Close to some great places to eat! Highly recommended and would definitely stay here again.

The staff at the front desk was welcoming and accommodated our requests throughout our four-day stay! Friendly service and a comfortable, spacious room!

We enjoyed our 4 night stay in Lakewood! The staff was welcoming and quickly provided service on the two occasions we had requests (for a microwave and additional; hangers). The hotel restaurant was excellent and we loved having an option to eat on site. VERY comfortable beds!

This is close to Red Rock.  It’s easy to get to Highway.  The facility is efficient and halls were quiet.  The bed was great.

I am actually booking another week in July at this hotel.  Staff was very nice and accomodating on several matters.  The rooms were very clean.  We enjoyed the pool area since the weather was perfect!

Not a bad stay, liked the accessibility to things.

Are reservations were cancelled for unexplainable reason at a different Hotel. So my husband decided to look for someplace else to stay the night and he drove directly to the Holiday Inn because we had such a wonderful experience recently at the the Holiday Express in Longmont Colorado.

They catered a wonderful Celebration of Life luncheon after a service at Ft. Logan Cemetery!  Buffet style with delicious stuffed turkey and roast beef.  Salad, rolls and potatoes.  Delicious Brownies for dessert.

I requested early check in room was not ready until after normal check in time of 3:00
I request a room away from the elevator my room was RIGHT next to the elevator.  I called down and confirmed both of these request prior to arrival they said they were noted.  I also request high floor and away from any pet rooms. The room right below had a poor dog that was left alone on Saturday night the bark and wined from 7 til after midnight.  I did not call the front desk as I was fearful the owner would return mad and take it out on the dog.
The room had chipped furniture frayed Rugs it definitely needs updating.

Shuttle does not take you to the Red Rocks Amphitheater.

We came in for a memorial with a large group, the staff was very patient with us as we did “celebrate” the life of our dear friend.  As usual the room was very clean, presentable, comfortable. I must say the shower was me favorite

No breakfast, no microwave in room, no option for fan setting on thermostat. We stayed here because of the proximity to Red Rocks. I would highly recommend a different hotel. The room was clean, but nothing special about this hotel to make me return. Also, the USB port on the side of the entertainment cabinet is weird, put it on the end table for convenience. If your crashing here for the night, by yourself, then fine. If you travelling with family. Look elsewhere.

My partner and I came to this hotel after losing our loved one so we could get out of the house and away from the memories and just relax. Right away after checking in while waiting for the elevator I heard the staff talking behind our backs about it. As employees here, At least wait until we’re out of ear shot right? The stay just kept going down hill from there.

Comfortable bed and great service ! Good Service ! Best location for the Business with Lockheed Martin Corporation !

Front desk staff was very friendly and recognized my status as a member upon check-in! The room was very clean all around and everything was stocked and set up beautifully. The other staff in the hotel always made sure everything was up to snuff and asked if there was anything they could do to make my stay better than it already was! Highly recommend staying at this location!!

The hotel checked all the boxes.
It was clean and comfortable. The staff was pleasant and professional. There was plenty of parking. Getting to and from the property was easy, great access to highway and surface streets.

Stayed in this hotel on our way to California.  Located in a good place, hotel was clean and comfortable.  Didn’t realize while booking that there is no free breakfast. There is a restaurant onsite.

Hotel was dated, very noisy with kids running around.  Only one elevator working and the breakfast was crowded.  Food was very good.

There was great and friendly customer service at check in and check out. My request for housekeeping was completed promptly. And the location was ideal for where I was visiting.

It would of been nice for them to let us know that the pool was not working on the phone before we book our room. Also we ask if we could cook outside for the baseball team to feed the kids and we're told no because the pool area was closed. Good thing the restaurant let us use some tables.

Michelle is wonderful! She was super welcoming and helpful. We arrived a little early and she got us in our room without a problem. All the staff at the restaurant were also great. Room was big and comfy.

I always stay at this hotel when I come to Denver. I love the quiet, comfortable rooms and the attached restaurant is so convenient and has great food!

A company of ours made me feel unsafe. But hotel staff made sure I got whatever I needed. I love how michael made sure everything is OK

Good hotel.  Great location. Under some remodel so only 1 elevator available.

Great hotel, service, location, food, rooms and cleanliness

The front desk staff are very refreshing as they are more than welcoming when you approach the counter. The rooms are clean and their cleaning staff do a great job at cleaning your room. Having a restaurant on site is great The food and especially the breakfast is delicious. Makes it so nice after working. It makes it nice not to have to go out looking for dinning or breakfast.

I would not stay here.  Aside of them not promptly refunding their $50 deposit (obviously within 3-5days) yet many other companys now days can provide an immediate transfer to your account after not finding any damages…

My husband and I came in for a vacation. We had an awful experience at la Quinta near by and decided to book at this hotel.

The woman working at the front desk turned our bad experience around the moment we checked in. The customer service was amazing and our stay turned out wonderful!

The room was spotless, but a microwave is needed since you don't serve breakfast. This will help to warm food. Also to put a manual of how to use the remote and the channels. But otherwise, everything was good

There were a lot of things in bad to extremely poor condition for an insanely high rate to stay at the hotel. I listed and shared like 10 items so hopefully management gets them fixed soon for people who are planning to stay. 

I think IHG is intentionally gouging prices as thet fluctuate so frequently it feels scary to book a hotel with IHG. I booked to stay at other hotels after this experience and they are significantly cheaper and provide sub par experience

I loved this location as it's close to major points in Denver. The room is very quiet, clean and comfortable. The staff in all areas of the hotel were very curious and helpful. We had a wonderful stay!

Breakfast was excellent.  Not your standard serve yourself buffet.  This was sit down and order with that option when you booked I believe.  Was greated and seated promptly by a very helpful and happy gentleman.  I highly recommend.

Thanks for the great care by the hotel staff.  The rooms were comforatable and just adequate for our needs. We only used the restaraunt twice for breakfast but out waiter knew us by the end of our trip.

Great place to stay.  No continental breakfast though

I was not as impressed with this holiday and as others. There was an option to pay a little extra for breakfast and they did not honor that. There was a lot of construction going on and service took a while.

This location is very near to the National Cemetery at Ft Logan. We had a family buffet, celebration of life, in the hotel meeting room. Everything was well supported, both in food and technical support. All in all a very positive experience.

Great place with a central location!

Average Holiday inn. Has a nice lobby and pool area.

Was a very comfortable stay and very quiet.  Staff was very friendly.  And it was nice having a resturant attached

This is a great hotel! The staff are absolutely exceptional! The beds and pillows are extremely comfortable. The hotel is very clean! After a long journey, this disabled US veteran appreciates outstanding service. I couldn't give a higher rating than this. Holiday Inn Denver Lakewood is outstanding!

Quiet, comfortable and convenient for my needs. This was a great and convenient venue for my meeting. The catering service was non-disruptive to the event which was very good. Space and convenience of facilities for the meeting were perfect.

The rooms were very comfortable and clean,and the restaurant attached to it had great food and wonderful breakfast.

The walls are a bit thin.   Other than that, no complaints.

Was affordable for 2 nights great location you felt safe, great staff, very clean and comfortable I never just like to lay around and do nothing but you could do that in this establishment if I could have stayed an extra day just to relax here I would have. Heated pool was very clean!!!

Close to Red Rocks is a huge plus. Parking lot was filthy. Elevator rehab was a mess with with part and trash everywhere. And PLEASE change the thermostats so they will still run while you are sleeping...

Clean and great water pressure

Thank you for the great stay. Your rooms, pool, and gym made my stay enjoyable. I enjoyed using the gym and tge pool was great that it was heated so I could use it even when it was cold outside.

Rooms were nice and clean. Internet was incredibly bad whether it was on WiFi or through the Ethernet cable. I had to use my hotspot on my phone in order to complete my work.

Always a nice stay!

Room was good sized. Staff was excellent. Missing microwave and broken coffee pot. Charging snacks and beverages to room is convenient.

We had a great stay at Lakewood and recommend it to other travelors.

This place was such a great price for how comfortable and clean it was. A little out of the way, but a great, cheap option for anyone visiting the Denver area!

Generally this is a solid bet with decent value but there are a few things that have really gone downhill the last few stays.



Are you ever going to have the second elevator fixed?



Your front row "elite" parking is a bit of a joke.



The restaurant is pretty solid most always and this was no exception. Service and food were good.



You might want to mention to your staff that it's never a good idea to dis on a previous customer when someone is checking in - not even in earshot is this OK.



I'm not ready to give you up completely yet because of location but there are so many choices right around you that you probably need to step up your game a bit!

The hotel location was great and the food was good.  We had a nice stay.

It was very relaxing and comfortable stay !! The staff was polite and very helpful.

The room was clean and comfortable.
We could have used a microwave.
Only real issues were tub drain leaking water out when I used the tub.

This was a business trip.  The location was perfect and centrally located to where we had to be.  The rooms were exceptionally clean.  It was quiet and the other guests kept to themselves.  Had all amenities and products needed for a two night stay.

Clean rooms, comfortable bed. bartender was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again

Hotel room was comfortable and affordable. Our level was under renovations. But still clean despite the construction.i recommend this hotel

Great experience. Great staff and nice atmosphere. Hotel and room was very clean and I had no complaints. There is a restaurant onsite and the waitresses are very polite and friendly. Great food!

Great hotel. Very clean and the staff was welcoming.

Michelle at front desk was excellent. Took care of requests and knew what she was doing. I'd hire her in a second.
"Older" server Sunday AM for breakfast was super. You could tell she was a hard worker and cared about the people and her position. Sorry I can't remember her name.

This hotel needs attention to detail and honesty about construction to when it is to be done to not cause disruption to sleep and maybe expedite the completion

Not as clean as I'd hoped for. Staff was good though.

First elevator is broken so you have to use the staff elevator in the far back of the hotel, does not feel safe, on top of that our room was also right by the staircase, the exit door to the stairs opened and slammed at least 500+ times through the entire night.
Next NEVER  stay here on a Saturday, sounded like a fast and the furious movie outside until 2 am, it was absolutely the worst got zero sleep, unfortunately we would never stay at this location again.

Close to Denver University

The rooms are nice and the beds are extremely comfortable. If you are in a hurry beware of the elevator  the buttons stick. The location isn't on a busy highway which makes it nice.

I do not appreciate being woken up and accused of smoking in my room even when I clearly wasn't. Not only was the security guard a jerk about it, when I mentioned it to the front desk the guy there accused me of it too.

We loved our experience here, we were welcomed right at the door. Check-in was a breeze they had our paperwork ready waiting for us so there wasn't anything to look up. The man was super kind. After we got our luggage, we went up to our room and man it was so nice! The bathroom is beautiful with a very spacious shower, as well as plenty of counter space. And man that bed was super comfortable. We fell asleep soon after laying down for the night. Upon check out, We thanked the lady at the front desk for everything regarding our stay. After we went to the restaurant located in the hotel. Those booths are incredibly comfortable. We order the green chili fries to split and two brisket burgers. The fries were really good, the green chili is delicious. And the burger was big in size and the meat was super tender and yummy.

Everything here was great the service here is amazing and the room was very clean and nice to walk into. But when I went to make coffee the water reservoir was caked up with a brown grime so please check your coffee makers before use very nice otherwise

The staff were friendly, the use of the app to check in and out is spectacular, and we enjoyed the clean feel of the room and the location to desirable visiting areas

Clean rooms comfortable beds.The staff was amazing! We will use this hotel for future visits.

To be fair, this hotel is in a great location for my needs and I have literally been staying here off and on for over 30 years - I have seen it go through a number of upgrades/updates over the years and most of them have been positive. The lack of a heated pool and with the last "upgrade" the hot tub being removed, is annoying as this is something I really did appreciate - not a deal breaker obviously, but annoying. The beds are generally comfortable. I do not like that there is no fan in their bathrooms. I also don't like having to "order housekeeping" by 10AM if I want/need anything. Honestly, there is a whole row of hotels very close to this one and I will likely be taking my business elsewhere moving forward.

Staff are very friendly; Great location; restaurants, shopping stores, etc., are within the hotel vicinity.

Went to catered banquet there. Nice room and good food. Staff was friendly and quick.

The pool is closed and the IHG app advertises that it’s open. That was a big reason we came to this hotel. The AC/fan puts out a smell that is similar to an electrical burn. Not a great visit.

Staff great room nice check in slow but stay was great

Good place to stay in Denver area

Staff answered our questions well and even provided an empty room for someone to take a private call.

Salamn, diya and thepa great hospitality very welcoming people I really enjoyed it here theses guys always the best and they always have a smile on thier face.

Thanks diya she is superb and good hospitality

Very nice

Amazing hotel, very calm rooms

Marianne at the front desk was incredibly welcoming and professional. She made check-in smooth and easy with excellent customer service. Really appreciated her friendly attitude and attention to detail. :))

إقامتي في فندق هوليداي إن مدينة الطيران بدبي كانت ممتازة جدًا، خصوصًا للي عندهم رحلات من مطار آل مكتوم لأنه قريب جدًا منه ويوفر راحة كبيرة في التنقل. الفندق هادئ ونظيف والغرف مريحة ومرتبة بشكل ممتاز، والخدمة من طاقم العمل كانت راقية ومتعاونة جدًا طوال فترة الإقامة.

صحيح أن الفندق بعيد تقريبًا عن وسط مدينة دبي، لكن هذا الشيء مناسب جدًا للي يبحثون عن الهدوء والراحة بعيد عن الزحمة. كما أن قربه من دبي أوتلت مول يعتبر ميزة جميلة للتسوق وقضاء وقت ممتع. الإفطار متنوع والخدمات داخل الفندق ممتازة وتعطي شعور بالراحة والاسترخاء.

بشكل عام كانت تجربة مريحة وجميلة، وأنصح فيه خصوصًا للمسافرين عبر مطار آل مكتوم أو الأشخاص اللي يفضلون الإقامة في منطقة هادئة مع خدمة ممتازة ونظافة عالية.

Excellent customer service.. Receptionist Ms.Diya done a good job while we check in at mid night 1am.. Recommended place for stay

The room is good and receptionist are nice especially Lynett and Ericka. The place is quiet that I sleep well.

Amazing hospitality and very professional staff at Holiday Inn. Everything was organized, clean, and comfortable. A special thanks to Siham for her warm welcome, kindness, and exceptional customer service. She truly made the experience even better with her positive attitude and helpful support.

Definitely one of the best hotel experiences. Highly recommended!

I stayed for two nights in Suite 609. The hotel itself was amazing, and most of the staff were adorable, friendly, and welcoming. The suite was nice overall, but unfortunately the AC was not cold enough, which made the stay a bit uncomfortable.||||What disappointed me the most was the experience at reception with one staff member named Kalys. When I asked for my coffee voucher, which was literally right in front of her, she told me to come back later in a very rude and unprofessional way. A better attitude and customer service would really improve the guest experience.

I stayed for two nights in Suite 609. The hotel itself was amazing, and most of the staff were adorable, friendly, and welcoming. The suite was nice overall, but unfortunately the AC was not cold enough, which made the stay a bit uncomfortable.

What disappointed me the most was the experience at reception with one staff member named Kalys. When I asked for my coffee voucher, which was literally right in front of her, she told me to come back later in a very rude and unprofessional way. A better attitude and customer service would really improve the guest experience.

Thanks Mr.  Ali from concierege for your kind help. it was wonderfull stay.   will be back soon

It was my first visit and it was lovely. The staff's cooperation was outstanding, and I am very grateful Lynett

I had a very pleasant stay at the hotel, and I would especially like to thanks Miss TEJ MAYA GURUNG for her excellent service. she was very polite friendly and always ready to help with a smile. Her professionalism and the kindness made me experience even better. Staff like her truly makes a difference. I highly appreciate her and i would definitely recommend this hotel to others

Khim Maya excellent

I would like to thanks CHINLEA
For her perfect works and great efforts

The nicest receptionists ever, specially Ericka 🤍

الغرفة واسعة ونظيفة،  لكن يوجد عطل في قابس الكهرباء ، بلك الكهرباء جمعيهم المتوفر لا يوجد به كهرباء في الغرفة لم نستطيع شحن اللابتوب ،أيضآ لم نستطيع شحن الموبايل ، غريب مثل هذا الموقف في فندق !!!!!

التكييف جدآ حااااااااار وسيء
لا يوجد سجادة صلاة
المخدات غير مريحة إطلاقآ
لا يوجد محارم في الغرفة
كرسي الحمام متسخ لم يتم تنظيفه بالكامل

الموظفون خدومون جدا من اول مساعد الحقائب الى موظفين الدخول المطعم كل الموظفون ودودون جدا استمتعت بالاقامه جدا

I had an amazing experience at this hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming, and the rooms were spotless and modern. The breakfast was delicious, and the chef was fantastic. A special shoutout to the manager, Hamza, and the senior supervisor, as well as the entire security team they're all wonderful! I highly recommend visiting and experiencing it for yourself!

ممتاز

The hotel is in a perfect location near Al Maktoum Airport where we are on a temporary duty for four days here. Had a wonderful experience at this property! The rooms were spacious and spotless, with great décor and very comfortable beds. The staff were exceptionally attentive and went out of their way to ensure our comfort, particularly at the front desk (unfortunately I didn’t get the exact name of a Filipina on duty) and also in maintaining cleanliness and professionalism of one of your cleaning staff and her name is CHINLEA.. The breakfast buffet was delicious with a huge variety of options! Highly recommended for families and friends. Looking forward on my next stay here. Thank you!

Stayed for 4 nights Great service specially Crew Chinlea for keeping the room in pristine condition.

Outstanding friendly team. Supportive and helpful. Good breakfast and other food. Nice comfortable room and fitness area.

Très bon hôtel à côté de l'aéroport Al Marktum pour un transit ou un court séjour car loin de Dubaï.
Le personnel est très dévoué et gentil.
L'offre de restauration est très bien.
Point positif : Peter et son coffee shop à l'intérieur de l'hôtel et la proximité d'un petit Mall avec un petit supermarché.

I often use the coffee shop as I live in the community of golf links over the road. Peter remembers my order exactly how I like it and is so friendly! I visit most days & he’s always on hand for everything.

I had a wonderful stay. Everything was comfortable, and well taken care of. I especially want to thank Lynette and Ericka for their kindness and excellent service. I really appreciate their help and hospitality.

Thank you so much  Arthur, you’re such a good person

The experience was so great the room, Food, and the people are very welcoming and friendly specially the reception staff name: Lynett & Erecka they were so welcoming snd smiling all the time

Ivy is very competent person with smiles always. She is very professional when cleaning my room at the hotel.

Loved it, friendly Staff, services, amenities, cleanliness, foods

It was the best hotel experience in dubai thanku for good service Erica and kalys

Nice coffee shop inside the hotel. Thanks to Peter to make amazing coffee.

In hotel inigualable, cercanía especial con el Al Maktoum airport, tamaño de habitaciones, comodidad, personal y excelente comida y servicios; un Gimnasio excepcional.

The breakfast was excellent l, and special thanks to Ms. Nia thank you for assistin us.

Clean and quiet, many tv channels were not working and it maintenance team was already left. This was boring. You can connect tv to mobile youtube.

I stayed for 3 Days at holiday inn, it was a good experience and memorable moment. Excellent services, Luxurious room and well cleaned environment. Thanks for Mr. Bikash (security guard) for his guidance and good behaviour. I love to visit again in future.

It was a great stay. They deserve more than 5 stars. The breakfast was exceptional, and I loved their sauna and steam facilities. All the staff were incredibly polite and helpful throughout our visit. Honestly, the service quality we received at this price point exceeded what we’ve experienced at some other 5-star hotels. Thank you for such amazing service. Mentions: Mr. Nasser the chef, Ericka from the receptionist.

The hotel provides me a place to sleep,  a place to relax, a place to clean up and somebody's else cleaned up.

I had a very pleasant stay at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum. The room was clean, comfortable, and well maintained.
Special thanks to Indrajit (HK supervisor) and Maya (room attendant) for their excellent work. Their attention to detail and professionalism made a noticeable difference during my stay.
Highly appreciated service — keep it up.

Had an incredible weekend at this hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly and efficient from the moment we arrived. Our room was spotless and very comfortable. Special thanks to Housekeeping mr.nalaka , keep it up. Highly recommend for both business and leisure!

Seham you are so helpful,you are the best i like my staying here thank you

My stay was very good definitely i will comeback, especially i want to say thank you for Syra from housekeeping she is very approachable kind and ready for help. Thank you so much Syra!

Very good and friendly staff and great room clean and good location to the airport and restaurant very nice and food was very good and reception staff ms Marlen was very friendly and Mr hamza was very professional

I had an absolutely wonderful stay! The staff was incredibly welcoming and attentive, especially Ms.Chinlea who helped us with an early check-in. Our room was immaculate, spacious, and the bed was remarkably comfortable—I slept better than I do at home. The breakfast buffet was another highlight, with a wide variety of fresh, delicious options. We will definitely be back!"

Chinlea, was amazing. She did an excellent job.

Amazing stay at holiday inn. Memorable experience. Excellent services. All. The staff have smiling face. Specially thanks to mr. Bikes from security department for his kind behaviour and helping nature. He is hard worker.

Comfort and clean everything was great staff is helpful and closed to my work on DWC

Everything was good.  And I'd like to commend Chinlea for a great assistance.

The brunch experience was truly amazing from start to finish. The place itself was beautiful and welcoming, creating the perfect atmosphere to relax and enjoy the meal. The food was outstanding, with a great variety of options that catered to every taste, including a delicious selection of desserts.

The service team was very professional, respectful, and attentive, making sure everything was perfect throughout our visit. A special highlight was the chef, who personally went from table to table to greet guests and check if anyone needed anything — such a thoughtful and impressive touch.

And I have to say, his fateera was absolutely incredible — easily one of the best I’ve ever had! Highly recommended brunch experience.

Thanks salman and dipson for great service

Ii like the hotel so much reception was so helpful thank you seham,mark for your assistance

My stay was so wonderful will recommend my friends.  Emmanuel was very professional.

Nıce hotel seham so good

"Andrei Miguel was outstanding in responding to guest requests during his tenure at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum Dubai. He was attentive, prompt, and always went above and beyond to ensure guest satisfaction.

His proactive approach and warm smile made a great impression on our guests. Andrei's ability to address needs efficiently and effectively was impressive. He's a credit to the hospitality team!"

Am very happy with the service of Ms Tej maya and also very good hospitality of this hoteI and I would like to come back again and prefer to my friends

Holiday Inn Dubai al-Maktoum Airport is a great hotel which I use regularly during my visits to Dubai. The rooms, location and amenities all come together to make the stay enjoyable. Special shout out to Sumitra from the housekeeping team who consistently ensures my room is clean and neat to very high standard.

Good and excellent stay very comfortable••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••

memorable stay. The location was very convenient for me, which made everything much easier. Miss Muskan From Security was wonderful and very helpful in assisting Her great service truly made a difference in my experience. I would definitely stay here again

Beautiful Stay I have Enejoy My Holiday There Every Staff Behaviour is too good Luxirous Rooms And also Bed Well Cleaned Everything..
Specially thanks To Miss.Muskan She is Very kind Person She Is Always Smile Too See Guests

Memorable Stay  Holiday Inn Al Maktuam well Cleaned Room Luxirous  Bed Staff Behaviour Friendly Services Very Good Specially Miss.Muskan from Security Department She Is very Hard Working I Really Appreciate Too Her

Im so glad for staying  for a few days because the hotel so nice and clean specially housekeeping staff Zin was so friendly and hamble and so happy and ill be back soon

Mr.Nalaka is very helpful and kind
Thank you for your careful service and cleaning.

Wonderful and memorable moments stay in holiday in. Well cleaned room and luxurious bed. All departments services were excellent and all the staff have smiling 😊 face and friendly behaviour which I like very much. Especially, thanks to Mr. Bikash from security department for his help and kind behaviour.

Cctv operator Albert I call for first aid assistance immediately he sent his  colleague to my room,
Thank you Albert.

Nice working fast working engering prem good work

Lovely hotel. A big thank you to Peter for always being so polite and making a great coffee!!

Nice hotel to be I really enjoy my time in the hotel. Emmanuel was very professional.

I enjoy my stay in the hotel. Beautiful place to be. Security Emmanuel was very professional.

Staff is helpful for overall stays with holiday inn

Ho alloggiato per 5 giorni, a giugno del 2025. Siamo stati bene. Servizio eccellente, tutto il personale cortese e disponibile, particolarmente Mazen.

I would like to sincerely thank Sumitra for her excellent service over the past 7 days. She has been keeping my room perfectly clean every day with great attention to detail.

She is very professional, kind, and welcoming, which made my stay at the Holiday Inn even more comfortable and enjoyable.

Truly appreciated — thank you, Sumitra!

Everything was actually good and convenient. The staff was very helpful and polite. I would like to see more shuttles to the beach and Ibn Batuta mall. It was impossible to increase TV brightness as all settings features were blocked.

I recently visited this place and Hassan made our shisha experience really enjoyable! I’m not a shisha expert, but he suggested a flavor that was perfect for me. The staff were amazing .. we were sitting outside and we were freezing however the lady quickly brought us blankets to make us feel warm and comfortable. Hassan and his team are friendly, attentive, and genuinely care about giving a great experience. The setup was cozy and relaxing, and I’ll definitely be going back next time!

Im so glad for stayin for a few days because the hotel so nice and clean specially n housekeeping staff ms ivy  and chin lea was so friendly ang hamble and so happy and ill be back soon

today was my first visit to holiday in hotel DWC it was amazing specialy the coffee  in lobby with Mr Peter was adorable as he made the breakfast was with his smile .Thanks

Overall rate for me is 4.5
Exceptional service indeed.

“I had a very pleasant stay at the hotel. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the overall service was excellent. Special thanks to Nalaka from the housekeeping team for his great work and attention to detail. Highly appreciated!”

Great hotel and clean and tidy room IVY and excellent.

Benim için çok güzel bir deneyimdi çalışanlar ve personeller çok güleryüzlü özellikle resepsiyondaki KALYS hanımefendi bize çok yardımcı oldu herkese tavsiye ederim

My stay at Holiday Inn Dubai South was excellent! A special thanks to Supervisor Nalaka for being so kind and supportive. He was always approachable, friendly, and ready to assist whenever needed.

His service made me feel very comfortable and welcome. Truly grateful!

I had a great stay at Holiday Inn Dubai South. I would like to thank Supervisor Nalaka for his kind help and support. He was very friendly, professional, and always ready to assist.

His service made my stay much better. He truly deserves appreciation.

Thank you, Nalaka!

I recently stayed at Holiday Inn Dubai South (Maktoum), and I would like to express my sincere appreciation for the outstanding service provided by Supervisor Nalaka.

Nalaka was extremely helpful throughout my stay, always attentive, professional, and willing to go the extra mile to ensure everything was comfortable and smooth for me. His positive attitude and dedication truly made a difference in my experience at the hotel.

It is rare to come across such genuine hospitality, and I believe Nalaka deserves full recognition and credit for his excellent work. Thank you for making my stay memorable.

Highly recommended

I had the pleasure of staying at a maktoum Dubai hotel where Nalaka was working his magic! He's an absolute gem! 😊 Super attentive, friendly, and always with a smile. Made our stay super comfy and enjoyable.

- *Service*: 5/5 - Goes above and beyond!
- *Attitude*: Super positive vibes
- *Efficiency*: Quick and spot on!

Highly recommend Nalaka to anyone looking for top-notch service in Dubai hotels! 👍

This was the best hotel we stayed at during our Dubai tour. Although we spent only one night, the experience was truly memorable. The service was excellent, and we would especially like to mention Nalaka from housekeeping, who was incredibly helpful and attentive. We wish him all the best for a bright and successful future

IVY
The housekeeping here is top-notch. I was blown away by the attention to detail—from the perfectly crisp linens to the way they organized my personal items on the vanity. It’s rare to find a team that goes the extra mile to make a room feel brand new every single day."

House keeping are perfect very king for mr.krishna as room cleaning . was perfect in my room everyday .the hotel is very good .thank you ..........

Very nice and cleaned hotel 5 star Shyra

I had an excellent stay at this hotel. The rooms are modern, comfortable, and very well maintained, which made it easy to relax after a long day. The overall atmosphere is great, and everything feels clean and up to date.

The service is outstanding. The staff is attentive and professional, always making sure guests are well taken care of. I especially want to mention Chinlea, who takes care of my room. She is incredibly kind and always leaves everything spotless. Whenever she sees me in the room, she kindly asks if I need anything else, like extra water or towels, which I truly appreciate.

Overall, a fantastic experience. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would gladly stay here again.

My time was very nice spent at the Holiday Inn at UAE, great customer service, great rooms, and a refreshing food selection. Chinlea made my time at Holiday Inn great!

Good room, near to the airport, excellent location, good breakfast and dinner, staff was very helpful, check in was also good, dinning hall ambience was great, under ground parking available, hotel is at main junction.

I stayed in the Holiday Inn for 6 days. I really do recommend this hotel if you need to be in this area of Dubai.
The staff in this hotel are truly amazing. They are so friendly and so polite. Every single one of them. Especially Peter, Mohammed, Carolyne, Nui (I’m not sure if I spell her name correctly. But she was always welcoming us for breakfast and diner) and the sweet lifeguard Nandana. Nandana was always up for a little conversation which was so lovely!
Thank you so much!

Service was amazing and Peter was a great hostile with me and my colleagues 🤍 coffe made with love and a smile

Peter at south central lounge is an excellent barista. Makes excellent coffee. Amazing attention to customer likes and preferences. Great knowledge of products and services. I enjoy my time there thanks to his wonderful service

Super happy with the cleanliness and the service, every employee is doing amazing in this hotel!|Room attendant Sumitra super nice and respectful, 10/10 customer service

Amazing cleaning service from jaidul as he is also very polite and respectful I would recommend him

great room cleaning, supportive staff

Great service! Special thanks to Rubina — she was very helpful, kind, and did an excellent job. The room was perfectly clean and tidy. Really appreciate her work!

Jaidul has been providing such top tier service! From friendliness to cleaning our room so well. So happy to be here, exactly the break I needed from home.

Thanks a million xx

Peter is the best barista by far. He has been taking care of me this whole week, and now I ask for him personally.

Teh Maya the house keeper did an excellent job at keeping the place clean and spotless. Very good attention to detail and friendly and polite.Thank you Indraj , the house keeping supervisor for making sure that all my requests were met and in a timely manner. Very professional and top notch service! Looking forward to coming back again

Shyra from housekeeping was really great, very attentive, and the room was very clean and tidy. She had a very positive attitude and you can clearly see she enjoys what she does and takes pride in her job. if more staff would be like Shyra, this place would be flawless

I would to write about staff rubina and sumitra were exceptional and very helpful..there assistance is much appreciated..

Amazing and exeptional service from two of your staff Shura and Sanni. They exceeded my expectation with their amazing service. Kudos to the two of them 💯💯💯

Thank you for the good   service  chinlea appreciated.

Chinlea gave us exceptional service all the time.

The hotel offers a pleasant stay with very hospitable and friendly staff, and the housekeeping team does an excellent job keeping everything clean and well maintained, thanks to Chinlea. The location is convenient if you need to be close to Al Maktoum International Airport, but it’s quite far from most of the main attractions in Dubai. Overall, good quality service.

Near the Al Maktoun airport in Dubai, convenient for me to go to the work and leisure. Special thanks to Andrei, the Filipino guy. Amazing work, very professional.

Thank you Rubina, you’ve been so kind and helpful during my stay!

very good, basanti housekeeping she’s nice

All very good, thank you.
Very clean and Basanti was very efficient and helpful

Over all very good and I recommend the breakfast buffet as very good and I booked through the taj app which made very affordable staycation

We had booked a room for 2 nights and, during our stay, requested to upgrade to half board for 1 night. While discussing this with the staff, we were clearly told that it included both lunch and dinner (as it was mentioned as “2 meals”). We even reconfirmed this, and the staff assured us it was correct.

On the first day, we had dinner without any issue. However, after having lunch the next day, we were unexpectedly asked to pay. After several discussions, a supervisor stepped in to resolve the matter, but the way it was handled was disappointing. We were told in a rather harsh manner that it was “free like we didn’t pay at all,” which felt unprofessional and dismissive.

Additionally, the complimentary cake mentioned in the Taj FEX offer was not provided smoothly. We had to follow up multiple times—sometimes we were told it would be sent to our room, other times we were asked to come down. When we did, we were told to wait for up to 2 hours, which was inconvenient. Eventually, we gave up.

On a positive note, the rooms were spacious and comfortable, and the housekeeping staff were prompt in delivering amenities.

Overall, while the stay had its comforts, the experience was let down by poor communication and the lack of professionalism at the front desk.

I had a truly wonderful 10-day stay at Holiday Inn & Staybridge Suites Al Maktoum Airport (DWC). The comfort, hospitality, and overall experience made me feel completely at home.

The staff are exceptionally humble, supportive, and always ready to help. A special thanks to Mr. Lovepreet and Ms. Seham at the front desk for their constant support. Ms. Laxmi from the restaurant was very polite and attentive, ensuring guests’ preferences were well taken care of. The housekeeping staff, Ms. Sandhya and Ms. Sarita, were also very prompt and courteous.

The Duty Manager and the entire team truly go the extra mile to make your stay comfortable.

Highly recommended for anyone visiting the DWC area!

Good

Very nice and helpful team throughout our stays

Room no 314 room cleaning is perfect thank you rubina

My experience with the Holiday inn hotel Al Maktoum was very good in all the aspects, location, room, personal and food been excellent. The person assigned to clean and organize my room was Basanti, a really wonderful workers and gentle person. Same situation with all the personnel of restaurant, always ready to help to me.

The rooms were always clean and proper. Thank you to Sumitra for keeping everything perfect!!

Sumitra gave me great service !

Room cleaning is very good, thank you Rubina for your service

Peter helped me out with my order and was super friendly. He made me the best caramel macchiato.
Excellent service.

The room is hot the room temperature didn’t go under 25 C

Ходили на обеды и ужины из соседнего отеля, где были вынуждены остановиться из-за закрытия неба. Уровень низкий даже для отеля у аэропорта (которые часто бывают неплохими). Один раз были перебои с приборами - пришлось есть всё ложкой. Еда почти вся отвратная - один раз делали что-то похожее на шаурму, так к ней выстроилась длинная очередь. Менеджер со смехом начал её фотографировать, вместо того, чтобы делать выводы. При заселении мы пропустили обед, при отъезде не смотря на это нам его предоставить отказались, ссылаясь на какие-то правила нашей авиакомпании (это-то тут причем?)

Nadana& rivadu is the best life guard ever good personality and behaviour

I had a very comfortable and pleasant stay at Holiday Inn. The overall experience was excellent, and I truly appreciated the warm hospitality provided by the staff. Everyone was friendly, professional, and always ready to assist, which made me feel very welcome.

The room was clean, well-maintained, and comfortable, allowing me to relax throughout my stay. The check-in and check-out process was smooth and efficient, adding to the convenience.

Overall, I am very satisfied with my stay and would definitely choose Holiday Inn again in the future. Thank you to the entire team for making my stay enjoyable.

Great place for staying with five-star amenities. The rooms well organished, clean. The washrooms are extraordinary. You can have a range of options in food. A great option if you are planning a stay near either Dubai or Abu Dhabi airport.

I have stayed in this hotel before and always loved it. The room was very clean and convenient for business traveller like me. However,  this time as soon as I arrived there was no valet services. Even there was no porter assistance for my luggages. I was disappointed that the services were not maintained.

Great service with hospitable employees from check in to check out. Thank you for making our stay memorable.|Zain & Shaban

Keep continue for good service and improvement to keep sustain on bussiness compitation

ממליץ מאוד.בוקר חא אכלתי.אבל ארוחת ערב יוקרתית מדהימה ובמחיר שווה לכל נפש

Enjoyed the stay! The room was spacious and very well appointed.

Очень уютный и красивый отель. В нем есть все, для души и тела! Спасибо всему персоналу и владельцу Отеля! До новых встреч

Отличные условия проживания, дружелюбный персонал, номер чистый, есть все необходимое, чайник, утюг. В отеле есть небольшие бассейны -2шт, удобные лежаки, спортзал и спа. Также есть переговорная и зал с компьютерами, где можно поработать. Еда разнообразная и все очень вкусно.

Staff were super accommodating and made our trip really smooth. Would definitely recommend!

We had to stay in Dubai longer than planned, and the hotel made this unexpected time much more comfortable.||Special thanks to housekeeping lady Tej Maya , who kept our room clean and always made sure we had enough water. We really appreciated her care and professionalism.

Hotel moderno e agradavel , quarto confortavel e espaçoso  , cama comoda , casa banho grande , pequeno almoço rico variado e excelente , simpatia dos colaboradores

Big thanks to Marianne from front desk. She handled all my questions with patience and made me feel valued as a guest.

I recently had the pleasure of interacting with Marianne at the front desk, and I couldn't be more satisfied! She greeted me warmly and answered all my questions with patience and expertise. Her willingness to go above and beyond made my experience truly exceptional. Marianne exemplifies excellent customer service, and I highly recommend her!

Chinlea give good service! Thre hotel is good and the food is delicious

Хочу поделиться своими впечатлениями. Не первый раз приезжаю в эту гостиницу и всегда мне помогает  прелестная девушка Kalys. Прекрасно говорит по русски. Очень от отзывчивая!)

Diya is absolutely very kind staff , good smile and proactive

"Girges made our stay so sweet 🍰! Super friendly and helpful – he’s the best part of our hotel experience ❤️"

Ahmed in the reception always there to help and always smiling,  I personally recommend the place and thanks a lot again to Ahmad for he’s always there to assist .

Ahmed is great person

Thanks ahmed for help

Thanks ahmed for hele wıth everythıngs

Thanks ahmed for heip

Thanks for help Ahmed

My  stay in holiday inn was really awesome and I would like  to thanks engineering prem KC and ajs for excellent maintenance.

I had an amazing staying. The location was perfect for sightseeing located at the Al Moktoum Airport not crowded place. The room was spotless and spacious. The front desk staff was very helpful and as well as other staffs too, housekeeping management doing outstanding job. ||Mr. Emmanuel was performing better and helpful the way he showed the love amazing. Overall, great value!".

كل شيء كان جيد، تسجيل الدخول وتعاون فريق العمل بشكل كامل وخصوصا الاخت ستيف
ما أزعجنا، وجود ذباب ميت في مسبح الأطفال ، ومذاق الطعام كان دون المستوى ، وعدم وجود قنوات تلفزيونية كافية في التلفاز مع عدم توفر خاصية مشاركة الشاشة من الموبيل للتلفاز

I’m very satisfied with the housekeeping service provided by Eunice. She is professional, reliable, and pays great attention to detail. Every time she cleans, the place looks spotless and well-organized. She works efficiently, is respectful, and always maintains a positive attitude. I truly appreciate her dedication and consistency, We enjoy our stay thank you so much

Diya is very kind

Thanks to Mr. Vikash from security department for his mindful behaviour and help.

Diya and Lynette is good staff

Отель вполне заслуживает высокой оценки. И так было бы, если бы не один нюанс. Заказала и оплатила завтрак с собой при раннем выезде- это оказалось полным разочарованием. Судите сами по фото. Такое впечатление, что в пакет с завтраком положили не сьеденное накануне. Особенно логично смотрится  при этом нож с вилкой. ;(
Это беда. Жалею, что не заглянуть внутрь сразу и не вернула обратно. А такое было хорошее впечатление об отеле! Вот такие нюансы все и  портят. Так что за завтрак платить не стоит. Лучше заказать доставку.

We had a wonderful stay and truly appreciated the warm hospitality throughout our visit. Thanks to Lynett at the Front Desk for being incredibly helpful, welcoming, and attentive to our needs:)

The room is clean and tidy the staff is friendly and accommodating mentioning uniz.keep up the good job uniz  we will definitely recommend it to our friends and we will comeback

Chinlea did great job cleaning my room and was kind enough too even check that everything was cleaned to a good liking

Остановились на одну ночь перед вылетом. Номера очень хорошие, все есть, кровати и подушки топ👍 самое то, чтобы выспаться🙏
На ресепшен нас встретила прекрасная Калис, которая очень помогла с нашим вопросом, все объяснила. Очень  здорово, что есть русскоговорящий персонал👍

My stay is good the service from Chinlea . My room is always perfect and clean. Housekeeping service very good. I e.joy evrything also pool sauna brrakfast.

Had an amazing experience at Maktoum branch. HK Eunice was incredibly helpful and the service was top notch! Highly recommended!

We stayed at your hotel for 10 days and thoroughly enjoyed our time in Dubai. Our room was very spacious and well maintained. The friendliness of the service staff put us in a good mood. We were particularly impressed by Laxmi's politeness and friendly nature. We looked forward to seeing her every morning. We wish Laxmi and her hotel a successful future. Walter and Silvia from Austria.

The hotel is excellent and stay is comfortable.Housekeeping self checker  Muhammad afaq was excellent and friendly

Andrei Miguel was an exceptional Housekeeping Attendant during his time at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum Airport Dubai. He consistently demonstrated a high level of professionalism, attention to detail, and dedication to ensuring our rooms and facilities were spotless.

His friendly demeanor and excellent communication skills made him a pleasure to work with. Andrei was always proactive and willing to go the extra mile to meet our needs. His work ethic and commitment to excellence were truly impressive.

I highly recommend Andrei for any future opportunities. He's a valuable asset to any team!😊

Such a very acommodating staff most especially eunice

I stayed in your room a few days ago, and I would like to commend the HK supervisor, Eunice, for her outstanding service and kind gesture toward us

Special Thanks to Hksupervisor  Ms. - eunice away for her excellent service 👍  Fantastic service! Ms Eunice  went above and beyond to make our stay memorable. We will definitely be back!"

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I had a very pleasant stay at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum. The self checker MR Ali  process was smooth and efficient, making arrival quick and hassle-free. The staff were friendly, supportive, and always ready to help when needed.

The room was clean, comfortable, and well maintained, with all the necessary amenities for a relaxing stay. The overall atmosphere of the hotel was calm and welcoming, which made the experience even better.

I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable stay with easy self check-in and good service. I would be happy to stay here again in the future.

Very decent for a short city break. Excellent location, Staff was welcoming especially MS. IVY from the department of housekeeping.

I had a short but memorable stay. The location was very convenient for me, which made everything much easier. Eunice was wonderful and very helpful in assisting with my room needs. Her great service truly made a difference in my experience. I would definitely stay here again!

The hotel is clean and well-maintained, and the staff are very friendly and attentive. A special thanks to Eunice from housekeeping for making sure I had a wonderful and memorable stay. I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely come back. Thanks again!

Afaq was amazing salf checker during our stay he was from the sparkling bathroom to the neatly arranged bed and furniture he positive attitude and dedication made a big difference in our overall experience keep it up great job

All my requests in the booking were ignored.
Approved modifications were ignored 
Couldn't reach the front desk number

beautiful place 😍 I just wish they had a better play area for little kids. overall everything else was perfect 👌🏽 would of loved to add more photos but they all have my babies face in it 💗 we also forgot her favorite teddy 🧸 there and only realized when we got back home.. the guy at reception even asked us if we double checked the room and we said yes 🤦🏽♀️🙈  overall it was a brilliant stay 🥺

I recently completed the Ali self -checker process at holiday inn al maktoum Airport and I would like to share my positive experience. The housekeeping service was excellent the room was very clean well organized and properly maintaind I truly appreciated their hard work and high standards off cleanliness and comfort keep it up Afaq great job.

We had a wonderful experience this hotel with Muhammad afaq Ali He is very amazing self checker his attitude very positive and personality is very good and hotel is very grateful clean rooms and  out side is very beautiful I will visit again this hotel soon inshallah

Очень удобно близко к аэропорту. Чисто, бассейн и хороший завтрак

Diya is very kind reception she spoke very politely and has great hospitality service

I recommend! Friendly staff. Convenient parking. Delicious breakfasts.

No beed to say anything you have to reshuffle everything, things are too had and not the standard we used to get by an IHG chaine

Everything is ok, clean and meticulous. Thanks sm for Rubina’🙏🏼

I have a great  stay at this hotel  Service is very nice housekeeping rubina always Support thenk you

Diya is good

The room was tidy. Hotel staff are incredibly friendly and efficient. Special thanks to the housekeeping supervisor, Miss Eunice

Thanks diya so much

Diya is welcoming and super staff

Stayed in this hotel in the beginning of February for one night and forgot my AirPods in the room. I’m completely sure I left them in the room and the last geo in “find my” show this hotel. But unfortunately when I arrived in 2 weeks next time no one could help me and no AirPods was found in the room. Hmm what a miracle

We booked our stay in January and found the price to be reasonable for the overall experience. We also availed the breakfast, which offered a good selection and was satisfying! The room was clean and properly maintained during our stay. Special thanks to the HK Supervisor, Eunice, for attending all our requests. She was very professional, helpful, and made sure we were comfortable at all times..👏🏻 Overall, we had a wonderful experience and would definitely comeback!❤️❤️❤️

Had an incredible weekend at this hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly and efficient from the moment we arrived. Our room was spotless and very comfortable. Special thanks to Housekeeping Supervisor. MISS EUNICE, keep it up. Highly recommend for both business and leisure!

This hotel is highly recommended. And I will definitely come back again. Very good service, and accomodating staff, specially Ms. EUNICE from housekeeping department. She's too much hands-on with guests. 🥰

I have a great stay at this Hotel! Clean rooms, friendly staff, and excellent service. Thanks to rubina for the smooth experience.

It was one of the most nice hotels in UAE, Dubai, especially the working crew , the food was great,  room services always on time and so gentle specially Chinlea

My around 30 days stya my stay is very good room always clean and good. Thanks lot to chilled for everything she did in my room. I hope I will comeback again.

Останавливались семьей с ребенком, персонал проявил себя на высшем уровне, особенно хотели бы отметить сотрудниц Ресепшена по имени Kalys и Khin. Они нам очень помогли и обеспечили для нас столь нам необходимое раннее заселение, предоставили хороший номер с видом на бассейн и оказывали нам иную поддержку на самом высоком уровне.

I would recommend this hotel in my friends because of the facilities and the staff especially the houses keeping supervisor Eunice M Awat. Thank you

Comfortable for staying for business and traveling and your family

I am a Gold Elite member of IHG. Holiday Inn Dubai Al-Maktoum Airport hotel is the worst so far of all hotels I have stayed. First, this is the only hotel of IHG which asked for advance payment from me. This is the only hotel, where I was not recognised as Gold Elite member - at the check in or at the breakfast table. I was asked to pay instantly from the room service. It seems this particular hotel of IHG does not trust guests. Well appointed room, good food and other amenities are similar to other IHG hotels, but as far as the true hospitality is concerned, this hotel earns zero point out of hundred from me.

I treated myself and my sister to a Valentine’s staycation (Feb 14–15, 2026) at Holiday Inn Dubai Al Maktoum, and we have never felt this special before!
From the warm welcome to the thoughtful little details, everything was perfect. Our room was spacious and elegant, and the housekeeping team surprised us with the cutest towel bear and handwritten notes with little hearts — such a touching gesture. We were also delighted with a Valentine cake and chocolate box. Thank you, Chef Nasser! (Hope to meet you next time!).
Dining was amazing from dinner to breakfast. The international buffet had so many choices. My favorites were the Tom Yum soup, fish fillet, and roasted chicken. Breakfast was one of the best, we loved the chicken sausage, bacon, pancakes, pastries, and fresh fruits. The omelets were perfectly made! It was also lovely meeting the chefs, especially Chef Hennessy.
A big thank you to Ms. Sylvia for her generosity and to Mr. Chadi, the F&B Director, for the amazing dining experience. And to Ms. Nia from the reception of CUISINES for assisting us with her beautiful, positive energy, her cute smile and warm personality made us feel so welcome.
Most especially, heartfelt thanks to Mr. Arjuna for the super warm welcome and for taking such good care of us throughout our stay. He made sure everything was smooth, comfortable, and truly memorable for us. His kindness, attentiveness, and genuine hospitality really stood out. We will never forget how special he made us feel, his warm personality and dedication to guest satisfaction are truly exceptional. He went above and beyond, and that kind of service is rare to find.
The amenities were excellent! Peaceful night pool views, steam and sauna, gym, table tennis, and foosball. There’s also a beautiful Instagrammable outdoor spot at night. It’s quiet, relaxing, and perfect for families too, with a separate slightly covered kids’ pool.
If you’re looking for a peaceful stay away from the busy city — whether for a celebration or just a break — Holiday Inn Dubai Al Maktoum is highly recommended. Truly worth it. We will definitely be back!

Diya is amazing

The reception team is very nice , thank KHIN, Ericka, fits

The hotel is very nice and the reception team is good  thank KHIN and ERICKA, Diya

Diya is great and very helpful staff

Thank you KHIN and ERICKA

Thank you KHIN and ERICKA

It was good stay. Hotel staff was cooperative and helpful. Need to include the food qualities for Indian food options. Even the vegetarian options need to be part of your dinner and breakfast menus.

I love this place so much. Good security Ignatius very professional

Thank you KHIN for very excellent service

Thank you KHIN

Впервые в ОАЭ, удивительная страна, тёплая, с доброжелательным отношением к туристам, в отеле приятное разнообразие на завтраках, замечательное отношение сотрудников, хочется выделить Лидию 🫶, очень по доброму, внимательно!
В целом отель очень приятный!

Thanks diya for welcoming and good hospitality service love it

Worst reservation, worst frontdesk

One of the worst service experiences I’ve had. During my stay, whenever I tried calling the reception, no one answered the calls. When I finally went to the reception and asked about it, I was simply told they were “busy,” which is not an acceptable response.

Additionally, the AC temperature was always above 24°C and the room was not cooling properly, making the stay very uncomfortable.

This level of service is disappointing and not what is expected from a hospitality brand.

Nice hotel i atendeet only for one day so the valutazioni me is not has have to.

Not visit again.it’s far from everything and everywhere.late check in and early check out.poor breakfast options and quality.

Good stuff specially LYNETT she is helpful

Very good hospitality from Diya

Diya is very nice

very.good.room cleaning.by.rubina.she.is.very.polit.and.helpful.thankyousomuch

Appreciate to Lydia for excellent service.

I was excited to be here, the really nice hotel
And I really thankful to Lynett, for kind service 👍

My stay in Holiday inn was really awsome and i would like to thanks engineering Prem KC and Ajas for excellent maintenance.

Nice hotel, great view, good food and friendly staff. Thanks to Morris who cleans our room every day and replenishes our amenities and water.

I have an urgent complaint regarding the ongoing disturbance during my stay and request immediate contact from management.
Please contact me as soon as possible so this issue can be resolved during my current booking period.

I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting. The overall experience was excellent, especially in terms of cleanliness — the rooms, facilities, and common areas were spotless and very well maintained, which made the stay comfortable and relaxing.

A special thank you to Lydia, who truly made a difference during our visit. She was magnificent — professional, attentive, and genuinely kind. Her warm attitude and excellent service added a personal touch that we really appreciated. Staff like Lydia are what turn a good stay into a memorable one

الفندق ممتازإقامة مريحة
خدمة ممتازة
الموظف ليدي في قسم D لطيفة جدا
موظف الاستقبال ديها ممتاز و لطيف

مريح جدا ونظيف والموظفة( ليديا )خدومة ومتعاونة جدا في قسم الفطار
والموظف( تي ها )في الاستقبال قام بعمل رائع جدا

I have spent there for couple of days due to work. Manager Kalys was pretty polite and professional. She was helping me during all this trip. F. E. She helped me to print documents for free and book taxi. Moreover, she speaks Russian, what is pretty useful and convenient for russian-speaking tourists.

Отличный отель и сервис отличный , милая девушка на ресепшене Калыс любезно помогает и отвечает на все вопросы. Прекрасно владеет английским и оперативно реагирует на просьбы.

فندق جميل وموقع ممتاز

“Awesome team effort with high commitment and excellent service. The food quality and taste were truly supreme. We are very glad and look forward to continuing our association with the team.

Special appreciation to:
• Director of Food & Beverage – Mr. Cadi
• Hotel Management Manager – Ms. Sylvia
• Chefs – Mr. Nasir and Mr. Susil
• Floor Manager – Mr. Dinesh”

Калыс

Thanks diya she is good

Kalys самый лучший специалист , доброжелательная , внимательная , приветливая  и милая !!! Спасибо огромное за помощь в размещении !!!

Thanks diya for helping

Thanku diya for assisting

peter

Amazing stay i arrived so late when my flight got cancelled diya really made me happy  lovepreet. Security emmanuel and bellhost ali thank you all

جيد

Thank you seham I like the hotel you helped me so much

Room cleaning excellent service by Rubina
Very polite and helpful

Thanks diya she was good and helpful

Great hotel with brilliant staff. South central bar on site is great with a fantastic selection of food and drinks…

Lydia is warm and welcoming to all guests, and she is always willing to offer help 🤍

Enjoyed my stay thanks diya she is nice and good hospitality

Dıya ıs good

Если вы ищете спокойный и комфортный отдых вдали от шума Дубая, но при этом хотите легко добираться до центра — это ваш вариант! Отель находится в тихом районе, но предоставляет бесплатный шаттл в центр Дубая 2 раза в день — очень удобно. Номера чистые, большая территория, отличный бассейн. А самое главное — невероятно доброжелательный и профессиональный персонал на ресепшене, особенно хочется отметить Khin — она просто золото! Всё решает быстро, с улыбкой и душой. Однозначно рекомендуем!

Excellent hospitality! Clean rooms, friendly staff and service was amazing.  Specially thanks salman

The stay was disappointing. The bathtub had urine in it, which is completely unacceptable and very unhygienic. Cleanliness is the most basic expectation in any hotel. I hope management improves their cleaning standards to prevent this from happening to other guests.

Thank salman for good service

Nice hotel. Service was amazing specially thakns salman and abdul number one

The Property apart from being brilliant, is located centrally. The Old Quarters is 17 minutes by walk. The staff is extremely friendly and approachable. Facilities are great. Love the Pacific Lounge 
The only issue I see is that for vegetarians, the food options are limited.

Arthur is kind and helpful

I absolutely loved my stay at the Holiday Inn Dubai Al-Maktoum Airport! Everyone on the team was kind and attentive, ensuring a smooth and pleasant visit. The room was spacious, clean, and comfortable. A heartfelt shoutout to Shyra, who looked after us so well — her attention to detail really stood out.

Thank you Marianne and Lynett for the great service

Excellent service by diya recerGreat stay at Holiday Inn — clean, comfortable, and very welcoming. Special thanks to Diya at reception for her friendly and professional service. She made the experience even better! Highly recommended.

The security supervisor Mr. Emmanuel is the best |He is very nice in customer care |He showed us real love and make sure we are protected |Big ups to the management

Thank you seham like your hospitality and friendly

Diya and khin very polite

Diya and khin is very helpful

Seham was so friendly hope to see you again

Ahmed is the best in the hotel

早餐很好吃，大廳星有巴克，服務人員Nia very nice, thank you so much

The service is excellent and Nia is impeccable for how she treat us. Would 100 percent recommend and comeback.

Very nice and beautiful hotel.
The staff are friendly, kind, and welcoming.
The place is very quiet and clean.
A comfortable stay, highly recommended 👍
Seham she was very kind and helpful. Big thanks for her❤️

I liked the hotel thanks to the reception diya

The best hotel we have ever stayed at. All staff is very friendly and helpful. Especially Sohaib from engineering very friendly and always made sure everything was good and that we had enough of everything. And he was awesome. We Will definitely stay here again😊thank you Duty technician shoaib

I’d like to commend Ms. Eunice Awat for her warm hospitality and for being extremely accommodating.

Thank you laxmi. Great hospitality .

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Excellent Stay – Highly Recommended!I had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn near Al Maktoum Airport, Dubai South. The hotel is perfectly located, especially for travelers using Al Maktoum International Airport. The rooms were spacious, very clean, and extremely comfortable, making the stay relaxing after a long journey.The staff deserve special appreciation — they were polite, professional, and always ready to help with a smile. Check-in and check-out were smooth and hassle-free. The food was delicious with good variety, and the overall ambiance of the hotel was calm and welcoming.Facilities were well maintained, and the hotel offers great value for money. Whether for business or leisure, this is an excellent choice in Dubai South. I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others.

Good sta

Security Emmanuel is the best staff,he assistance my luggages from porch area to my room.

concierge Diya received me with a very warm a friendly attitude. She was really kind and took the time to explain me everything.

Thank you for the service!

Diya at the reception is very attentive and polite staff

Excellent stay at the Holiday Inn Dubai South!
The hotel is modern, very clean and perfectly maintained. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and well equipped

Thanks diya very welcoming

This Hotel is great. The room is nice and the service is marvelous as well, especially a good ones named May Thu as a Hostess for the restaurant. If you like to stay in the Al-Maktoum International Airport area, here is the best choice. Cheers 🤙

Greetings;
I take this opportunity to appreciate the professional team as at Holiday inn hotel/stay bridge suits Al maktoum, you guys made my stay memory and I can't wait to visit again. I particularly appreciate the security officer Emmanuel, he is professional, warm and always wears a smile. See you again soon guys.

The food is good and the service also good .thank you Dewmini she is every time give us good service .

Хочу оставить свое замечательное впечатление об самом лучшем отели Альмактума , Holliday inn!!! очень доброжелательный и отзывчивый персонал особенно девушка на ресепшене по имени Kalys!всегда поможет и подскажит!отелю желаю успехов и развития!!!

Thank you all stuff thank you seham khan love preet will come again

I highly appreciate the ambiance, the housekeeping team, and particularly Ms. Eunice Awat, the Supervisor, for the warm welcome and her assistance throughout my stay at the hotel. Thank you.

I like the hotel like the stuff so friendly thank you seham hope to see you again

Name: Bibek Panta

I had a very pleasant stay at Holiday Inn Dubai Al-Maktoum Airport by IHG. The rooms were clean, spacious, and very comfortable. The staff were friendly, polite, and always helpful.

Check-in and check-out were smooth and professional. The hotel is in a quiet location and very convenient for travelers using Al-Maktoum Airport. Breakfast was good with a nice variety of options.

Overall, it was great value for money. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would love to stay here again.

Good job, Bibek Panta. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Bibek you are smart and hardworking person . You did a great job . Your future is so bright . Go ahead .

Good job bibek

Room cleaning is good I am very happy thank you rubina

Thanks girgesfrom reception

Thanks girges for your help

Thank you Lydia.Great Lunch and Service.

Diya and also khin was kind and verry attentive

Thank you Nia for the good service

A amazing experience at holiday inn, especially the restaurant staff was so kind and helpful, you May reach Ms. Nia for any support required, she is available always.

It was very memorable moments staying in holiday inn. Servises of every department were excellent. Luxurious room smiling staff good behaviour. Especially thanks to Mr. Bikash from security department for his guidance, help and kind behaviour.

Thanks diya and khin for helping us

Thank you Dewmini

Diya and khin is great staffs

在迪拜参加展会 ，早上早餐时间服务人员lydia非常热情向我们介绍dubai

I’m very happy to see May Thu smiling faces and always giving me good service

Thanks khin and diya

Good food and service also very good thank you dewmini she is very kind thank you

Thank you Ali for always cleaning my room you did a great job.

Diya is good staff , and also fo team

Ms.Diya was an helpful and kind person.I’m happy to meet her.

مؤنس

The breakfast is very good and the service provided by one of your employee (Lydia) is good .

Laxmi make all different here, because have a perfect attitude, attention and all ask me if her can help me anything. We talk a lot of about the cultures, foods and share experiences! I will to Brazil, but reminds my breakfast talk to her!

Laxmi is a amazing person, she make your job very well!

Laxmi is soo kind and sweet and the service is amazing

Thank you khin  for your kindness

Resepsiyondaki Khin isimli tatlı kıza çok teşekkür ederim :)

地點有點遠但整體算不錯，早餐幫我拿餐具的服務人員 Lydia 服務態度很好

Got a room here to spend a vacation with my friends. We experienced good service, very friendly staff, clean and peaceful room. Thanks to our room attendat Morris for making our room fresh and clean.

Excellent room cleaning service from Rubina, thank you!

Dıya ıs good

Dıya ıs very kınd , she ıs absolute good ın hospıtaıty servıce

Diya is helpful always and also very polite

Everything is very nice.
Rooms are clean and cosy.
Хороший отдель и обслуживание, отдельно хотел бы отметить официанта Лидию.
Thanks

I would like to express that I was very satisfied with the service I received during my stay at your hotel. The friendly attitude of  Kalys, from reception her quick solutions to my needs, and the overall attention shown made my stay much more enjoyable. The cleanliness and order of the room, as well as the amenities provided, met my expectations.

May thu спасибо огромное все было замечательно. Отель рекомендую сервис отличный, номерах чисто, уборка ежедневная. Трансфер на пляж, метро и город.

The food is good and the service also specially Nia & Shaban thank you

Thank you Dewmini she is kind

Munar thanks for service

Замечательный отель. Отдыхали здесь  неделю. Отель даже больше, чем на четыре звезды. Очень приветливый персонал. На ресепшене нас встретила очаровательная администратор Калыс, все терпеливо нам показала, объяснила многие важные и непонятные нам поначалу нюансы пребывания в отеле, организовала по нашей просьбе работу отдела спа. Калыс же нас и провожала из отеля, чему мы были очень рады, ведь Калыс говорит как на английском, так и на русском языке.
ОГРОМНОЕ спасибо остальным сотрудникам отеля, особенно сотрудникам хаускиптнга на нашем четвертом этаже.
Понравилась и еда, и возможности для полноценного отдыха, среди которых и бассейн, и спа, и вкусная еда.
Хотим и попнируем сюда ещё раз приехать

أرجو تواصل الإدارة معي حيث انه لي مبالغ ولم تسترجع لحد الان

Service is great. Staff are kind and always ready to help especially Lydia. Lunch was great however the location is kind of far from the downtown.

Thina самый лучший вежливый красивый, помог нам😍😍❤️❤️🥰👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🇰🇿🇰🇿

Thank you khin and kalays for sending us to nice beach good reception

Very nice hotel and proffisional reception especially Mr. Hasan

Overall experience was awesome we had a lovely stay and the staff were all nice and special thanks to Jaidul Islam for a very good service..

Хороший отель, очень вкусное питание, есть из чего выбрать. Обслуживание на высоте, очень хочется отметить девушку Лидию из зоны завтрака, она милашка

Отель хороший , близко к аэропорту, кормят вкусно , официанты милые , в особенности - Lydia. В отеле есть спа, бассейн. Комнаты большие просторные.

Diya is kind and helpful staff

Nice hotel,good food, facilities and friendly staff especially in housekeeping named Ali,he always cleaned my room with excellent service giving, good job.

It was wonderful stay at holiday inn excellent services good management. Luxurious room especially thanks to Mr. Bikash from security department for his kindly behavior and his help

Today I am happy my room is clean again, the bed is tidy, and the floor is clean. Thank you, Sumithra.
Thank you. Holiday Inn Dubai Al Maktoum.

Best regards,

Roy

En el starbucks Peter siempre tiene una sonrisa y dispuesto a ayudarte en lo que necesites.

Today i spent my time in my room an the cleaning lady name rubina came she did a good job cleaning thankfully rubina

If you are looking for a hotel that takes internet infrastructure seriously, this is the place. While most hotels provide a single, congested network that struggles under pressure, this property offers a sophisticated dual-connection system that ensures you stay productive and connected.

They provide two distinct networks: a Standard Line for basic tasks like checking emails and a Dedicated High-Speed Line for heavy-duty professional use. During my stay, the high-speed connection was flawless. I was able to handle intensive video conferencing, manage large-scale data transfers, and run multiple cloud-based applications simultaneously without a single hint of lag or latency.

The stability is truly impressive; even during peak evening hours when other guests were online, the bandwidth remained consistent and lightning-fast. For anyone who works remotely or handles large files, the reliability of this setup is a massive relief. It is easily the fastest and most efficient Wi-Fi I have ever experienced in a hotel setting.

Would you like me to rewrite this to focus specifically on the technical stability for gaming or professional live-streaming?

Thanks diya and dipson for good hospitality

Часто бываю в этом отеле по работе. Нравится высокий уровень обслуживания номеров и профессионализма сотрудников. Отдельно хочу отметить очень отзывчивую девушку, которая работает на ресепшен- Kalys. Она всегда помогает решить любой вопрос, особенно ее выделяет среди других коллег знание русского языка, что делает заселение еще более комфортным.

I had an amazing stay at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum Airport! The Wi-Fi was fast and reliable, perfect for work or streaming. The TV offered a wide range of channels, including international news, sports, and entertainment, making it easy to relax after a busy day. The front office staff were welcoming and professional, and the F&B service was excellent, with tasty options and prompt service. The secure lifts made moving around the hotel easy and safe. The room was comfortable, and the digital experience made my stay completely hassle-free. Highly recommended for anyone looking for excellent internet, TV, service, and safety near Al Maktoum Airport!

The staff so friendly and Kind specially krishna he clean my foom everything is good service on time thanks.....

Thank you laxmi for your service. You are the best. We love this hotel.and service. We will be come back.

Super hotell, great service from daya. Super distance from airport

Carolyne was very nice, she was nice to me and my friends  i liked the service and good smile throughout the service I will visit again

housekeeping very good, polite and efficient. expecially Ms. sumitra
thanks

Thanks Peter and Siham and Medhet for good services

Overall Experience - Excellent

For the next visit i would like to find a bathtub in my room

The hotel is so nice. The staff are very well , especially Mr.fabel....soo good I feel comfortable...I am very 😊 😃

Thanks salman for good service

الخدمه سيئه قبل الوصل تتصل حق حجز تقعد ربع ساعه انتظر بالنهايه محد يرد عليك و بعد ما تسكر و ترد تدق يعطيك مشغول لو في اقل عن نجمه جان تستاهلونها

家庭房 很大很舒適

Kahvaltısı çok güzel, çeşitlilik çok yeterli hiç bir eksik yoktu. Çalışanları çok güler yüzlü ve ilgililer🤍 Özellikle Lydia hanım çok ilgili ve sıcak kanlı bir çalışan, tüm alanı devamlı temiz ve düzenli tutuyor👏☺️ Otel genel anlamı ile temiz ve düzenli 💯Eski bir IHG çalışanı olarak kötü olmasını asla beklemiyordum zaten, IHG zincir otelleri her zaman kaliteli hizmet ve üstün misafirperverliği ile farklarını belli ediyor.👏✨

The best Nia

Nia is best

They don’t know what phone is, I kept calling to book with them for last 2 days for more than 20 calls over the last 48 to book but never managed to reach them, or get a phone back, a waste of time,

Nice hotel near al maktoum airport. Service was amazing. Thanks salman

So nice, everything

Overall experience was awesome we had a lovely stay and the staff were all nice and special shout out to Jaidul Islam for a very good service.

Хорошее обслуживание, приветлевый персонал. Особенно хочется поблагодарить May Thu

الإقامة كانت ممتازه وتعامل وأسلوب الموظفين ممتازين ، وكذالك الإفطار ممتاز ، وان شاءالله راح اعتمد عليه الفندق كاقامة دائمه في دبي وشكر خاص للأستاذ حمزة ، جدا متعاون ولبق وخدوم.

杜拜阿勒馬克圖姆機場假日飯店是個超實用的4星級選擇，尤其如果你飛Al Maktoum國際機場（DWC）轉機或停留！位置就在機場旁邊，開車5分鐘，有免費機場接駁，超方便～房間寬敞乾淨、舒適，早餐豐富，還有屋頂泳池、健身房、桑拿和SPA，員工服務親切有禮！很多人讚CP值高，適合商務或過夜。缺點是離市中心遠，打車去熱鬧區貴又花時間，周邊沒啥逛的。總之，转機神器，下次去杜拜南邊可以試試啦～✈️😊

thank you色哈吗哦立刻ho te l

Overall, it was a fantastic experience at Holiday Inn. Ms. Lydia’s service was especially fabulous.

I had a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn Dubai Al-Maktoum Airport. From the moment I arrived, I felt welcomed by the friendly and professional staff. The room was beautifully clean, stylish, and comfortable. Special appreciation goes to "Shyra" for her exceptional service and genuine care.

Thank you laxmi.

Diya is helpful

Мы отдыхали в этом отеле в Дубае вместе с папой и остались в полном восторге. Начну с того, что весь персонал отеля невероятно вежливый, добродушный и всегда готов помочь в любой ситуации. Это чувствуется с первых минут пребывания.

Отель мы выбирали, исходя из экономии, так как в период новогодних праздников цены в Дубае были очень высокими. Отель, расположенный недалеко от аэропорта Аль-Мактум, оказался для нас самым оптимальным вариантом. При этом мы совершенно не ощутили никакого дискомфорта или «неполноты» — в отеле было абсолютно всё для комфортного отдыха.

Питание — выше всяких похвал. Отличные завтраки и обеды, очень разнообразная и вкусная еда, мы были в полном восторге. Во время приёмов пищи персонал постоянно подходил, интересовался, всё ли хорошо, предлагал напитки — обслуживание на высшем уровне.

Также большим плюсом стало наличие бесплатных автобусов до метро, пляжа (Марина) и торгового центра. Несмотря на то что отель находится не в центре, добраться можно было без проблем. Автобусы ходят бесплатно (по предварительной записи за 1 день, записаться нужно на ресепшене) в 12:00 и в 15:00. Мы, правда, чаще пользовались такси — поездка до центра обходилась примерно в 100–120 дирхам.
Номера в отеле очень хорошие и полностью укомплектованы: есть утюг, зубные щётки, гель для душа, шампунь, кондиционер и всё необходимое. Мы были приятно удивлены. В отеле всегда очень приятно пахнет, что создаёт особую атмосферу уюта.
На территории отеля есть красивый бассейн с теплой водой. В те дни, когда мы не хотели ехать на пляж, спокойно оставались в отеле, загорали и наслаждались отдыхом.

Отдельно ещё раз хочу отметить персонал — все всегда улыбаются, искренне стараются помочь и сделать ваш отдых максимально комфортным. За всё время проживания у нас не возникло абсолютно никаких проблем.

В итоге могу сказать, что соотношение цены и качества здесь просто отличное. Если для вас принципиально жить именно в центре города — возможно, этот отель не подойдёт. Но если расположение не играет ключевой роли, а важны комфорт, сервис, питание и выгодная цена, то это отличный выбор.

Excellent hotel in terms of services and cleanness but far away from most tourism places

Wonderful and memorable stay at holiday Inn. I stay 3 day everything was good and services were excellent. Luxurious and well cleaned room. Each and every department staff were friendly.  Especially thanks to Mr. Bikash from security department for his kind full behavior and help.

I loved my stay at Holiday Inn. Its close to the airport and near the metro to get around the city. Thank you :)

The services is kind Especially in the food section miss menwwil and maytho

May Thu  wow  she  makes a very good customer service always happy to see you and ask if you're enjoying your stay 👌🎉🎉😊😊

Thank you Nia your the best

Diya is good

Diya was very welcoming and good hospitality

It's Good Hotel, room attendant always smiling and accomodating us. The room is like 7star hotel. It's very clean no dust can see. Thank you housekeeper Morris for making our room always clean and fresh

Thanks for good service, especially Munar

Thank you laxmi.service was perfect.

The hotel left a great impression. Clean, cosy, comfortable. The staff is polite, attentive and always ready to help. You can feel the care for the guests and the high level of service. We'll definitely come back again.

The holiday inn al  moktoum was perfect for stay with family. Thank you Ladin for your service. You are the best.

Thank you laxmi. Best service.

All services is good. All staff so kindly and friendly. Mrs.Lydia , Mrs. May Thu and Mr.Fabil is so helpful in my journey. Thanks guys

I spent several nights at this hotel recently and it is, by far, my best experience in Dubai. While I want to thank Munar for his consistent and helpful service, the real standout was the morning manager, Mohamed. His leadership is clearly why the staff is so well-trained and friendly. Mohamed is incredibly humble and professional, a true credit to the hotel. Also, do not miss the breakfast; it is a very special experience.

Thanks Munar for service

The food was amazing and the hostess Mrs. May Thu is so kind and amazing to .

سبب التقيم بان الخدمه سيأه كل شي تبيه ياخذ وقت زياده عن اللزوم مع انه في ستاف فالفندق بس احس مب فاهمين لنا لا بالعربي و لا بالانجليزي . طلبنا الاكل وقالوا المده من٤٠د الي ٤٥ و اخذ الوقت اكثر من ساعه و الأغراض بروحنا تحملنا مسؤوليتها بالحمل و الارجاع للسياره لانه بريئين بشكل .. اخر تجربه لي فالفندق

Wanted a quiet New Year Eve... And achieved it here. The atmosphere was really relaxing, the accommodating staff makes it homey with the warm welcome from the guy who assist us on our checked in. Room view was captivating as you'll see widely the skies .... Love the scent of the hallway up to the room.... It was amazingly quiet... You'll not here the next rooms noise, even the steps from the hallway nor the door opening and closing.... Breakfast buffet was bot bad but didn't reach my expectations or maybe i just expected non ordinary since it's 1st day of the year... Nia, the filipina girl made our mood by her hospitality and jolly welcome in the breakfast buffet.... And always approach our table to made sure we are ok and that we are getting the right service. 10/10 to her. Enjoyed the facilities, gym, sauna and steam bath. And the 200/100 for me is that they didn't call for check out at 12noon.... They did it at 2pm .... 1st time in my entire staycation experiences all 9over the word 😅 ...

And ofcoarse i would like to highlight that i appreciate and admire the support they're giving in Sustainability.... As a lover of nature ... It's really a plus factor that they care and in there own ways they're giving the best effort to use papers or wood instead of plastic.... Their room card was made of wood.... 😍 And 500/100 on their pillows.... If only i could take 1 home ... Do you have merchants on your things? Or mind to share the brand please 😉

Thank you and would definitely recommend!🙏

I had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn Dubai. The room is clean, comfortable, and very convenient, especially for travelers. The staff were all welcoming and professional.

Special thanks to Nia for the exceptional service, very attentive, kind, and always willing to help. Nia truly made my stay more pleasant and memorable. Great service like this really makes a difference.

Highly recommended, and I would definitely stay here again.💖💖

فندق ممتاز وموظف الاستقبال مصري ممتازوموظفه لاكسمي النيباليه ممتازه وطاقم العمل ممتاز بجانب مطار ال مكتوم ولكن يبعد عن سنتر مدينة دبي 45دقيقه وسعر مناسب

Had a great stay there. Thank you so much especially to Nia for your good and great service!🥰

It was really good and comfortable breakfast thank you Shikha  for your service

Hotel is very good, specially the staff. Many special thank to Miss Nia always supporting and providing good food.
Nice Food and service
Thanks

Nia 가 너무 친절해요! 다시 방문하고싶습니다

1 am currently staying at this hotel and have booked for 11 days, but today's experience has been extremely disappointing and frustrating.

Today, there was no hot water coming from the shower.
I tried calling the reception more than 10 times, as well as the front desk and housekeeping, and no one answered at all.

After waiting and trying again later due to another issue, I faced the same problem — no response whatsoever.

Out of frustration, I decided to call the hotel from my personal phone number, and suddenly they answered.

Unfortunately, the situation only got worse.
The staff member who answered was very rude and unprofessional.

When I asked to speak to the manager, I was told that the manager was "busy with other customers" and the call was handled in a dismissive way.

This experience completely ruined my stay, especially considering that I committed to a long 11-day booking expecting basic services and respectful customer care.

Reliable communication, hot water, and polite staff are the bare minimum any hotel should provide.
At this point, I truly regret my booking and hope I do not continue facing such issues for the remainder of my stay. I expected much better.

Thanks

Nice hotel and service

Thank you Munar for great service.

Thank you Munar for service,  breakfast was soo delicious

Thank you Munar for service

Thanks Munarbek

May Thu was one of if not the best staff ever in this hotel

Breakfast spread good
Lydia very good with the service.

Diya absolutely great work !!

Diya is good and kind also very helpful

The hotel is nice, the staff are very well, especially Mr.fabel he clean my room very well. Thank you

Сантехника не в лучшем виде! Персонал старается угодить!

This is the best choice especially for those who are visiting jebel ali

Good what is myself I like it staff is good friendly talk is mostly staff found lunchtime breakfast dinner time. Shake is a good help. It’s a good guy.

Diya is nice and kind

Thank you so much to reception team for good service especially Diya!!!

Diya is good

Diya is nice staff

Had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn Al Maktoum Dubai Airport. The room was clean and comfortable, and the overall atmosphere was relaxing. The staff were very accommodating, especially Andrei Miguel, who provided excellent service and made our stay even more pleasant. Highly recommend the travelers looking for comfort and great hospitality near the airport.

Thanks diya for assisting

Fabel is a reliable and hardworking housekeeper. He does his job very well, keeps everything clean and organized, and is pleasant and easy to communicate with.

Thank you laxmi for your service. You are the best hosstes. The breakfast was perfect. Everything was perfect.

Everything was perfect . Thank you laxmi for your great service.

Thanks Munar for great service

Laxmi Junior is always smiling and has a very positive vibe. She lights up the dining area.

Thanks for good service. Especially thanks for Munar

Diversify breakfast and satisfied service! Thank you for Munar’s good support.

Mr Shikhar of the restaurant has been displaying a very kind service minded attitude.

Staying was perfect. Loved how the stuff is professional and kind. Thanks Dyia for helping out 🫶🏻

Thanks for staff for smooth service and be ready to hear all guests feedback.
Thanks for reception counter staff, especially Diya! ✌️

Thanks Lydia for assit me.Great service.

Diya is helpful and good smile to guests

Diya and Abdul is kind staffs

Diya is nice staff

Diya at the reception is kind and polite

Thanks salman for assist me quickly

Diya is great and humble

Merci à Dewmini qui a rendu particulièrement agréable les délicieusement variés petits déjeuners.
Merci au Chef Nasser pour l'attention témoignée à ses invités.
Bravo à toute l'équipe.

Diya is kind staff at reception

Miss diya very calm and polite

Diya is kind

I had a pleasant experience at Hotel Inn Dubai Al Maktoum. The place was clean, comfortable, and well-organized. Special thanks to Shyra J. for being very accommodating, polite, and helpful throughout the stay. Her assistance made the experience more convenient and enjoyable. Highly recommended!

Enjoyed the stay. Good breakfast. Shikar was great.

Ahmed is very helpful and have good smile

Kalys the receptionist is so helpful and lovely. I can recommend her and this hotel very much!

Seham is doing very good job in the operation. She is cleaning very tidy and clean. She is a very politely and she always keep smiling.

I have Wonderful and memorable moments staying in holiday inn.. everything was excellent 👌 and superb. All the departments services well. Especially thanks to Mr. Bikash from Security Department for his help.

Nice and memorable stay at holiday inn. Each and every services were excellent. Especially thanks to Mr. Bikash from Security  Department for his help....

Thanks lovepreet and mark

Thanks lovepreet and mark from front office team

Mark is so nice. Thank you

Thank you mark for your help

Thank you Mark for help

Thank you mark from reception for your help

Nia is very good

Thank you Nia for your service

May Thu gives us the good service

Thanks Munar

I had stayed in Holiday In Hotel at Maktoum and their hospitality are gud and i had met lydia in their, she is very much cooperative for their hospitality.  I feel very much gratitude towards Lydia

Thanks Lydia for great service.

Good and tasty foods and many options in buffet. Indian foods like Allu pratha, Chole ki sbji and so many options. Non veg and backery items also available. Lydia, give the service and also good for us.

My room is very good and clean.Excellent cleaning of bathroom and nice view from the specious  very clean.Mr Fabal is very helpful and a wonderful guy💯🥰🥰

Very good service. Speacil thankd to Thiha from reception. He made my stay very smooth and happy.

Short staffed,  check-in and check-out. Room very comfortable.
No food service, no continental breakfast

This hotel is not up to holiday inn standards, they have no restaurant as stated on website, no breakfast, the rooms are poorly lit, so is the rest of the hotel. The desk chair was covered in burn marks, the mattress was an old spring type. Tiles on bathroom floor were loose, furnishings were old and poorly restored. I gave it a one because a 0 wasn't an option.

Room was exceptionally clean,  Quiet (West facing room), Staff was efficient, helpful, and pleasant.  Housekeeping should get acknowledged for their hard work.  Great location with restaurants and grocery shops nearby.

We arrived around 11:30 PM on 3/30, and Zakk went out of his way to take incredible care of us. He was especially kind to our 14-year-old son, which we really appreciated—especially since our son was pretty disappointed to find out the pool was closed the entire time during the week of our stay. His hospitality and kindness truly stood out—he is easily the nicest staff member we’ve encountered at a hotel in a very long time. He deserves to be recognized for his excellence!

No breakfast, no pool available, no hot tube.  Not the Holiday Inn I'm used to.

Positive: The pool. Negative: No breakfast

I will continue to stay at this hotel for weekend trips to to Parker CO. The staff has great recommendations for places to eat and ensures that our stay is going well

No breakfast, hot tube and pool were out of service and restraunt was closed down.

This Holiday Inn is outdated. Carpets are stained, walls have marks all over them. Hallway walls have a dark wallpaper which is not inviting. The lighting is awful, different colored bulbs in fixtures. The chair in our room was heavily stained and gross. Our tv had a line on the bottom of the screen, there were loose tiles in the bathroom, and you couldn’t control the temperature in the room. It was hot and we had a hard time sleep. We prefer holiday inn hotels for our travels and were very disappointed in this location.

Our room had bathroom fixtures that were loose, shower curtain rod that was loose, wallpaper, peeling, filthy carpet, almost unusable TV remote. Came for the pool and the restaurant, but they were both closed. Even though I was charged for breakfast that we never got. Do not stay at this hotel.

This place is horrible. Dirty and outdated. The bathroom faucet did not work, the wall paper is peeling, the shower rod was falling off, the carpet was filthy. Not mention the pool and restaurant was closed but I still got charged for breakfast that we never had. Never again Holiday Inn.

Do not recommend this location at all very disappointed.

I stay at this hotel based off pictures. We have had great experience before with Holiday Inn stays. This hotel is very old. The carpet filthy, and old. The bathroom ceiling had black on the top. Pretty sure that's mold. Rooms couch disgusting stained cushions. Floors stained. Hotel honestly needs to be renovated.  The location was perfect.  But will not stay there again.

This is good place if you need to just sleep. But not if you have anything else planned or want to use it for a vacation spot.

We called to check on a pool and got tub and we're told there was one.  I guess we should have asked if it was operational as it was not.  We specifically booked this hotel because of the pool.  Very dissapointed it was not and all we got was "sorry".  We would have gone to another hotel but did not know it was closed until our second day which is when we wanted to use it.

Hotel was nice.  When I booked it said it had breakfast ever day.  Also had pool.  When checked in said pool was closed and no longer serving breakfast. Asked for refund for breakfast.  Clerk assured me would be taken off bill at checkout.  Day of checkout another  clerk said he would have to ask boss to ok refund and I would get an email as such. 5 days later, no refund or email. Sounds lake a scam.  Pay for something (breakfast) and not get it, request refund and put on ignore!

It should’ve been stated very clearly on the booking page that the hotel restaurants were shut down, and the pool was shut down as well. This would’ve completely changed where I stayed.

I travel back-and-forth quite a bit. I’ve stayed at the Holiday Inn my last two trips at the same hotel staff is friendly. They’re there when you need anything. They keep the hotel extremely clean. The only thing that I did not really enjoy was that they took away their continental breakfast, but they advertise it as part of you booking your room and the swimming pool has not been working both times and has been under continual maintenance if you’re not gonna have a continental breakfast, maybe you could offer a discounted voucher or work out a deal with restaurants around you for being an Holiday Inn rewards.  So that they can get a discount when visiting those areas for example like the Red Robin, a coffee shop, Qdoba‘s we have the steakhouse right next-door and then the brewery as well and there are a number of other restaurants right within the same vicinity that may be you could offer something for your reward members with that as well

I have been staying at Holiday Inns for the last 2 years. I travel for work 3 out of 4 weeks a month. This location is by far the worst location i have ever stayed at. Service desk help is exceptionally poor. Room was ok for cleanliness but had a shower head that sprayed everywhere. Which explained all the loose tiles on the bathroom floor. Elevator was louder in my room than it was when standing right next to it. Lots of noise from the hallways almost all night long. Couldn't print me a receipt because the printer was supposedly broken. Asked twice now for emailed copy and still haven't received it. Required for work. Also lied to me saying they couldn't look up my member number when every single other location has been able to. Even called some other locations just to ask them because I knew the front desk was lying to me. I'm going to guess they treat all thier customers like this. Will never stay at this location again. Not even for free.

We came to stay for the night, and called up here to ask if they had a swimming pool. The lady told us yes they do. The problem is they didn't tell me it's closed. So figured whatever. Then asked when they started serving breakfast. Told me they are also not serving breakfast. Overall very negative experience.bthe front desk lady I feel hates her job. Not very hospitable for someone in the hospitality industry.

Positive: It was clean Negative: The rooms are dark, poor lighting; Bathroom lighting was very dim. there was a bulb out in the bathroom and I reported it twice.No Breakfast served. not even coffee.

Hotel seems dated. Carpet and furniture is stained. There are scuff marks along the walls at eye level throughout all of the hallways, which was very weird. They have smart TVs, but the hotel’s WiFi firewall prevents the smart TV from connecting to their Wi-Fi, so it’s basically useless. We ended up having to connect our laptop via HDMI to be able to watch any streaming.

I filtered out hotels for my family. I filtered a pool and restaurant. This hotel has a pool and an advertised restaurant that is no longer functioning. They don't serve any food due to the restaurant that isn't an option. The hotel is outdated but that's for most IHG hotels I've been in. The best thing about this hotel are the restauranta close by.

There is no breakfast, no on-site restaurant that is closed. Just the room, comfortable but old. No good for staying more than one night

We are sorry the restaurant closed and there is no breakfast.

Was a good stay clean rooms

Smelly room. Smoke free room but smelled very stale and musty. Rude front desk. Poor lighting.  ………………..

Do not stay here. It is completely worn out and dirty. In our room there were pet stains everywhere including one that ran down the wall into the carpet. The carpet is pulling away from the bathroom threshold. We both got terrible allergy symptoms while staying in that room. The hall carpet is buckling,and stained.
The lobby is nice so it is quite a shock when you leave the lobby. This place needs a complete renovation or tear down. The restaurant is also closed… run don’t walk away!!

First- do not fall for the "free breakfast".  They do not offer it and tell you to email corporate for a "refund for breakfast". Corporate said to call them.  This hotel is so rundown and doesn't look like any repair has been done sine the 1980's.  It smelled musty, the lighting in the room is terrible, and the TV is not hooked up to wifi so you can't stream anything.  Motel 6 would be a better choice.  This may keep me from holiday inn's in the future.

When checking in, the front desk person did not even make eye contact with me. It was not a welcoming introduction to this property. 

The room and facility needs an upgrade very badly. Stains on carpet, keys stop working, noisy room/equipment.

Great for tired travelers!

My goodness this hotel is disgusting. I swear they have never updated this hotel since the no smoking policy went into effect. The carpets have not been changed in probably 20+years and their is no more fiber to the backing in my room, the furniture was stained and gross looking, the smell of cigarettes still sink into your nose. I was kinda dissatisfied when I learned that there was no breakfast, and that I swear I feel like I need to wear a nuclear suit walking around this hotel.

Booked a room with breakfast included. When checking in was told restaurant closed and no alternative or compensation given. I specificly picked this hotel due to restaurant being handy as i am diabetic. Didn't know pool hours was told to go look on the door. Vending and ice not available on my floor. Website completely misleading.

Worst experience we’ve had. This hotel is likely on the closing list. The entire fourth floor is inoperable, a staff member told us no one wants to put money into it and it shows. Our first room had no electricity. The entire hotel is grungy feeling and has long term resident now living there.

Location does not offer continental breakfast and this is not disclosed or mentioned during booking or at check-in.  Amenities posted on website were false. Had Air Conditioning issues with room.  Reduction in staff during the Holiday.

Decent size rooms but Is very loud. Beds aren’t comfortable my back is hurting so bad

Crazy moldy room above the pool. Not a care in the world from the hotel attendant. We checked out and left. The mold was too strong, room was nasty, and tv didn’t work. Worst holiday Inn experience I have had and stay at IHG properties often.

Room smells intensely of mold or mildew. I kindly asked the guy at the front desk if we could move to a different room and he instantly said no and that the funk is because we are over the pool. I told him I understand the location, which is why we just wanted to move rooms. They may have been limited on space (standard rooms showed as available on app), but some sort of customer service is expected further than a “deal with it” attitude. If they have a mold problem, especially one they are aware of, they should not be renting those rooms. We stay at holiday inn because they are typically clean and consistent, this experience was less than appreciated. IHG brands have been slipping fast.

Update - we decided to leave instead of staying. Simply handed the key to the attendant and he instantly says you won’t be getting a refund:). I didn’t even ask, just said we decided to stay somewhere else. If available, Springhill Suites, very close by, is amazing!

This hotel is yelling .. RENOVATION!! it very dark and dingy and looks like it needs to be updated. When I arrived to my floor, I had a feeling of  ewww . But in the end I stayed the night and slept good enough. I travel a lot and I would not stay here again, if it was for environment reason. I WOULD  stay there again, as I  had Feelings of being safe and that I can, rest assured.

I would stay there again,  for that feeling alone.

It's old, just needs some love and light to bring it to a appealing Hotel  again

I WAS very disappointed there was no Continental breakfast!!!!

Holiday inn should always have that, it's a nice service!

The room stay was fine and the pool was very nice - however, we booked the room to include a free breakfast at the on site restaurant - when we checked in, we were told the restaurant was closed - the manager said they’d compensate us if we stayed the two nights so we did - when we checked out there was no discount - when I pressed the issue they offered $10 off per night - we paid much more than that to go out to breakfast -

Floors and chair in room were filthy.  Multiple issues with card to unlock door.  Was locked at for ~45 minutes while they dried to get door open.  This made us late for our family trip.  Bed was so uncomfortable that I could feel the springs in my back.

Middle of nowhere, hence engage "staff"; otherwise no recognition!

Hotel could use some "refreshing" but its clean & the staff are very nice.

From the moment we checked in on Saturday afternoon to our check-out 17 days later, the staff at Holiday Inn-Parker did all they could to provide us with the best service and facilities possible. The bed and pillows/bedding were comfortable, the TV a BIG screen, and the towels/amenities always replenished in a timely manner. Thank you to ALL the staff at Holiday Inn-Parker for helping to make our stay a great one!

Super nice rooms, clean, quiet, and the cheapest in the area.

The staff are very friendly and helpful, the room clean and reasonably comfortable.  When booking it was indicated that they offered continental breakfast however this is not the case.  They DO have coffee/tea available anytime and Wi-Fi.

A person wearing a camouflaged jacket, and a beanie came out a dark backroom and asked for an ID. No greetings of any kind. Started to wonder if he was an employee of the hotel. Little nervous about the check in. 

Used public restroom after checking in. No soap in any sink. Informed the front desk person of the soap and the staff person acknowledged the issue. 

Hallway to the room were streaked with black marks and smelled of heavy deodorizer. Carpet were stained and worn

First room assigned was not suitable. When I plugged in an electrical item, the wall light and outlets on that side of the wall went out! Went down to the front desk and explained the situation and was reassigned to next room. The room and bathroom appeared clean and the beds were comfortable, though very worn. The carpet were stained and very worn. In front of the refrigerator had a hole worn down to the very bottom. In the morning, discovered curtain holes like someone had stabbed the curtain many, many times!

Carpeting in rooms is worn, torn, damaged. A breakfast room off the foyer but no breakfast. You have to pay for breakfast at the restaurant on the top floor.

Positive: "" Negative: The smoke alarm was just hanging by a wire from the ceiling.  Carpet was kinda spotty.

Just spent a very miserable Friday night at this Holiday Inn, Parker, Colorado!! Would not recommend this hotel! We usually stay at Holiday Inn Express and Suites, but since we were going to visit a friend in the area who had surgery, we took a chance on this Holiday Inn (not Holiday Inn Express and Suites) hotel. It certainly doesn’t exhibit the IHG standards. Carpeting was waffled in many areas. The baggage cart was broken and wobbly. We were given a room that was above the pool. There was a humming noise and the wall vibrated. We thought it was the air conditioning system and adjusted it hoping the annoying sound would quit. No such luck. The next morning we discovered that it was the air exchanger system that keeps the air in the pool area from being humid, located on the roof of the pool just below our window, that had hummed and the wall vibrated all night. We were using our military discount - given a lousy room because we were retired military? When we checked out, we were told that there was no management on duty. Management doesn’t work on weekends and we were told we could call on Monday. As a result, there was no leadership on duty all weekend. The desk person could only hand us our receipt. I also want to mention the cigarette butts by the front door.  They are all swept into the cracks rather than cleaned up and put in the trash.  Finely, note the management responses to the other reviews.  The responses are much the same for every negative review - they are PLANNING to renovate sometime in the future?  We will never stay here again!

Just spent a very miserable Friday night at this Holiday Inn, Parker, Colorado!! Would not recommend this hotel! We usually stay at Holiday Inn Express and Suites, but since we were going to visit a friend in the area who had surgery, we took a chance on this Holiday Inn (not Holiday Inn Express and Suites) hotel. It certainly doesn’t exhibit the IHG standards. Carpeting was waffled in many areas. The baggage cart was broken and wobbly. We were given a room that was above the pool. There was a humming noise and the wall vibrated. We thought it was the air conditioning system and adjusted it hoping the annoying sound would quit. No such luck. The next morning we discovered that it was the air exchanger system that keeps the air in the pool area from being humid, located on the roof of the pool just below our window, that had hummed and the wall vibrated all night. We were using our military discount - given a lousy room because we were retired military? When we checked out, we were told that there was no management on duty. Management doesn’t work on weekends and we were told we could call on Monday. As a result, there was no leadership on duty all weekend. The desk person could only hand us our receipt. We will never stay here again!

The place is very well kept. Staff was very friendly and helpful. The only downside is that it does show its age. Carpets are in need of replacing. The high traffic areas around the elevators should be refreshed with new wallpaper. I didn't avail myself of the amenities, so I can't comment on that. But the rooms were clean and well maintained. For the price, it's a great value.

This hotel is old and run down, smelled from the you entered lobby.  Walls and carpets are filthy.  Would walk in room without shoes

Hotel is outdated stains and tips in carpet.  Very dirty carpet.

Tired hotel with staff who appear as equally tired. Expect poor performing AC, old rooms, tired carpets old furniture. The hotel is kept very clean.

I am loyal to IHG. Sadly this Holiday Inn did not live up to the brand standard. I can understand some out of dates hotels still exist out there but this property looked like it had not passed brand standard checks in 10+years. I got to see two rooms during my stay so it wasn't just a one off room. Moved rooms due to power being off in half the room - all accessible outlets didn't work and resetting the breaker didn't do the trick. Second room I got was bigger and looked to be an upgrade. That being said, carpet in both rooms were covered in nasty stains. Deep large ones. Furniture scratched and heavily stained where fabric existed. Yellow and brown peeling and cracked paint/wallpaper. Yellow lighting. Yellow and brown discolored curtains. Tiny TVs. Yellow brown bathroom tile. A bathroom light fixture had 1 good light bulb out of the 3 bulbs and the fixture was damaged and hardware was exposed. Overall neglected rooms with base level care.

1 positive: Quietest hotel ever. The hotel was decently full with business travelers. For sure on my floor because I saw a lot of dnd signs and thought it would be loud with all the occupied neighbors. The doors had really good slowing doostops to avoid slamming.

Terrible operations crew. They even stole my cell phone charger after they wrongly checked me out of my room and out all of my belongings in a plastic garbage bag. I did not receive the room level that was booked for the entire reservation time..

The rooms as well as the Hotel was very clean and the staff was friendly and helpful. Mi or issues with the TV otherwise a pleasant experience. Would stay there again.

nice hotel, easy access, clean and modern, free parking, close to everything,friendly staff, free breakfast.  4th floor restaurant nice                                 ..................................  .

We bought the breakfast package and were told they serve breakfast until 10:00. We got to the restaurant about 9:35 and waited for anyone to come and acknowledge we were there - saw no one who appeared to work there. Waited 10 minutes and then called the front desk to ask if we were in the right place.  They said we were.  Finally at about 9:50, an employee came out and told us that the kitchen wasn't taking any more orders.

We were starving because we hadn't had dinner the night before and it was a long,  late night.  This ruined our stay.

If you don't take orders until 10:00, don't tell your guests that breakfast is served until 10:00. Give them the real time.  Or,  make your employees do their job.

Hotel is very shabby and worn down and carpets are stained and beds are old and there’s no breakfast and nothing works and I would advise against this place if you can find another. The one positive is that there are no bugs.

The worst Holiday Inn I've ever experienced. I'm writing this review because I woke up at 4:55 a.m. There's no soundproofing in any of the rooms, and I have to hear the person in the room next to me talking on the phone all night. I've had to change my hotel card more than five times to get into my room. It's hard to find anyone manning the lobby at the front desk. I will never come back here again.

One night stay, great room, opted for the 2 queen suite. Having the extra space with a family of four was nice. Super clean room and super clean bathroom. Nice shower, great pressure. Beds were comfortable. We will stay again on our next visit!

Completely outdated and filthy Hotel. Stay away from this one - by far the worst Holiday Inn that I've stayed at.

Positive: Convenience Negative: ""

Centrally located for our needs and provided us with the services we wanted and a couple of great nights' sleep. The restaurant is currently only open for breakfast, although there are a couple of good restaurants right across the drive. It's not fancy, but the staff is great and very helpful. Plus, it is a pet-friendly hotel.

Love it beautiful clean and lots  to do around it

If you’re used to the nicer holiday inns don’t stay here. The front desk staff was amazing and very nice, the room was clean, but the hotel itself is old and run down. Dirty carpets, no outlets or outlets that didn’t work, coffee machines didn’t work etc. No pool towels when we were down there - they ran out and didn’t have any more to give, ran out of room towels, we got the last 3. The rooms are SO HOT! You turn the AC on and it hardly works. It’s most definitely not 68 degrees in the room which is all they let you turn it down to. The whole hotel is hot. The hotel is ok for a night but I wouldn’t stay any longer.

There is still a hold on my card one week after checking out. Front counter staff has been no help in resolving the issue. Somehow some other person's card got tied to my room and they can't explain how or why. The total for the room has successfully charged to my card, but there's still an amount being held on my card. Front counter stuff didn't seem to care, offered poor attitudes, or shrug their shoulders and told me they can't help. Trying to take care of basic things at the front counter turned into a big hassle. Do not recommend this hotel.

Outdated. Appears that no updates have been made and it needs it. The carpet in the room and outside the elevator was stained really bad; in the bathroom in the room there were red spots on the wall and ceiling (what is blood?); trim pieces and wall paint extremely scratched; plastic corner protectors on room corners of walls (why not just paint - have never seen those protectors in rooms? odd); the restaurant/bar in the hotel "Trappers" used to be a great steakhouse for dinner, but is now only open for breakfast (disappointing). Not the server's fault, but it took 45 minutes to even place our food order.     She was doing the best she could.

Horrible experience. Beds are not soft. Hotel is showing its age. Breakfast is way too expensive. ||They continuedly kept double and even triple charging my credit card, Even charged for a separate night 2 days later, that i didn't book or stay, i wasn't even in town!!!!! The staff was very rude and non-responsive when trying to address the issue.

The rooms were definitely outdated. The website says there’s a restaurant a bar and breakfast and there is none you have to pay for your breakfast. The front counter service was horrible. The rooms are dated. I forgot my charging brick and the rooms didn’t have a charger for it. You walk  in the lobbies hot like the AC is broken. Would not recommend the only good thing about this place is the location.

Upon arriving to the room we were committed to desk and I was told that what high and asked for on my reservations was unavailable a shower not a tub shower a shower because of physical I have that I have a hard time stepping in and out of the tub they told me that I could just not take my reservation and go someplace else which I thought was strange I said in this whole hotel you don't have a shower only they said no that was number one number two are free breakfast was no free breakfast it was up on the 4th floor and it was you had to purchase breakfast and then that was quite the shock and then you advertise a bar Trappers we figured we would stay there since we can have a few cocktails it was my birthday we wanted to have a few cocktails without driving bar clothes no bar. We went upstairs and seen it was a bar but it was not open they gave us they also gave us a free breakfast for my wife and I so when we finally went up to the 4th floor to eat our breakfast we didn't like what was on the menu with the sandwiches breakfast all that so we just asked if we can have an English muffin and some potatoes and some they said no that the free breakfast was the meals and not the cheaper route to go we walked out I would not recommend this place to anybody I've stayed in many many places as a commercial truck driver for 45 years I was very surprised he outside looks like a beautiful new building as you walk inside you could tell it's very old and dated we got to our room dark not well lit very dark the bathroom was actually very clean no shower I had to deal with that I was going to fall also the carpets the color the dark wood you can just see it's very old also doesn't have plugs for your cell phone connectors like most hotels have I don't know the name of it but you could plug the cord itself into an hour without the other piece the plug part none of that existed like modern hotels have also the TV was really tiny and we had a problem with the cable I let the girl downstairs know about no no TV it would not work properly most of the channels didn't work we had one HBO channel in Spanish that didn't help I asked her can you send someone up to look at it or reboot it or whatever you do for cable TV no I have no one we can do that lovely so so my son who knows a little about that he reset it unplugged it something so very disappointed very disappointed wouldn't absolutely would not recommend staying there. Good luck

Positive: Staff was very responsive and professional. Other than the carpet, the room and bathroom looked clean. Negative: The room's carpet was very dirty or stained with dark spots throughout. Walking barefoot in the carpet was not an option. We also noticed a wet spot near the bathroom.

The room heating and ac system had knocking noises. I couldn’t sleep. It’s ridiculous like very loud.

Positive: Friendly staff, spacious room, lots of pillows, and great water pressure. Negative: No soap in bathroom, only shampoo and lotion. Slow elevator.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Great hotel with all the amenities, awesome location

Check in was fast and friendly, room was clean, water pressure good, plenty of pillows, hot tub was spacious, and it was quiet. Is it a tad dated? Sure. My complaints are slow elevator and no soap in our bathroom. I'd stay again.

Positive: Great Negative: ""

Mediocre experience. Hotel is dated and dark. One of the two elevators was out of service the entire stay. Opportunities with maintenance gym equipment and the overall gym area. There was a paper coffee cup with dried up liquid in it clearly showing no one was maintaining the gym

This property is in a state of slow decline. One elevator is inop and, from what I understand, has been for a some time. The carpet has stretched in the hallways leaving humps. The wall near the elevator entrances has been painted over by someone that doesn't care about aesthetics. 
Room was clean and comfy. 
TV was quite dated.

Not having to change rooms because the air conditioning wasn’t working in the first one, then the second room the TV wasn’t working.  The pool and hot tub are out of commission and the restaurant is closed.

I will not return and it was the worst IHG affiliated hotel that I have ever used. I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone.

Hotel staff was not friendly during any part of the stay. We were more of an inconvenience then guests. The AC didnt work and they were to troubled in order to fix it. The carpets, walls, and ceilings were all in disrepair (rips, tears, holes, peeling wall paper, water stained ceilings) and what looked like blood on the bathroom walls. Also "pet friendly" but there is no place to take pets to relieve themselves. Parking lot full of trash and potholes.

The hotel felt a bit run down, though most of the staff were friendly—just a few came across as short. We called to make our reservation, clearly stated we had pets, and paid over the phone. At check-in, the front desk saw our dogs but never mentioned a pet fee or gave us the required pet form. Days after we checked out, we got a bill in the mail for the fee. When we called, the front desk blamed a “third-party” reservation system instead of owning the mistake. It felt like one hand didn’t know what the other was doing. The stay itself was fine, but the poor communication and surprise charge left a bad taste.

Do NOT book this hotel through Expedia. We accidentally booked the wrong date and were denied opportunity to change the date, even though there was plenty of time and an availability of same type of room. Expedia attempted to contact this hotel multiple times without success. I contacted the hotel and the person at the front desk was unable to make a change. I was given the email for the manager and provided this to Expedia, who notified me by email that this hotel refused to allow a change of date. This is the most unfriendly customer service experience I have ever had with Holiday Inn via an Expedia booking. Don't do it. I will be finding alternate accommodations in the future.

It was a great room and facility. I had a fantastic sleep.

Everything in this hotel is outdated except the outside and the price.  Management is just excuses, look at the Google reviews.  This hotel is a franchisee money grab.  There are better hotels in the area. Crazy to say because I am a 20+ year IHG member.

Solid location but given the absolute run around at 12 AM trying to check in. Between unmentioned deposits and several room delays, I would not recommend.

Safe quiet location.  Clean.  Not upgraded, which is needed.  No food available.

I am a 20+ year IHG member.   This location is one of the worst 5 I have worked with.  Started on arrival.  We had 3 rooms reserved: King Suite, Regular King, Regular Double bed.  Check-in is 4 PM.  We arrived at 3:30 PM.  No rooms ready.  Not even one of these to put our stuff.  Came back at 4:15, all three rooms are ready, but they are all King.  No double, guess the teen boys will share a bed.  No recognition of IHG membership, no waters, just key cards for three rooms scattered around the hotel.  Hallways and rooms are dingy, lights are yellow, interior tan and brown so it just looks dark everywhere.  Tried breakfast the next day.  All the stuff that is free at Hol Inn Express is charged here.  Same eggs, sausage, cereal selection, yogurt except it is $3-6 each item.  Service was good, food was cold and slow to arrive.  Next day, they burnt something and the entire 4th floor had some smoke and the hotel smelled like burnt bread.  Check out was digital because I did not want to deal with the desk any more.  For my future trips every couple months to Parker for the next year, I will stay elsewhere.   I recommend you do the same.

Positive: "" Negative: No breakfast

From being out of town, I made these reservations due to what I saw on the Holiday Inn website. It looked new updated, and cozy.
Upon arriving outside is maintained all right not great. upon walking in the lobby, It is dark and I could tell right away that it is the older hotel not new. Not very vibrant in color or warm greeting, a pun entering the facilities
Service is good. Service is quick no issues with service.
Taking the elevator upstairs, Going down the hallway and walking in the room I could tell that they’re trying to update it, but it has a very old rustic feel to it.
The rooms were quite large with older decor in it; not like 70s or 80s but 90s decor. The TV was relatively really small and cable. The bed was big and very comfortable with lots of pillows and a good comforter. The air conditioning system really didn’t bother me too much. I slept well
Upon checking out, I didn’t see anyone at the front desk yet 9 o’clock or so left the keys Card on the desk and walked out.

In today’s competition, a lot of hotels are updated with new technology USB plugs, C chargers, current TVs, etc. This location wasn’t and I was disappointed that it was not as current as the other Holiday Inn and suites

It was quiet the sleep was good

Booked room suite with 2 queens.  Got to room amd was one bed no fold out couch.  Was told at the desk they had no other rooms and they could not accommodate us. Ask for a refund and was told there was nothing he could do about it. Ask for a manager was told that the manager was gone asked them to get me somebody else refused to do so. Had to leave without a room and not knowing if I will get my refund or not. As I was able to book a room when he was already in the negative. The woman behind me had the same issue and book her reservation six months ago and had not the right room. Spoke to a lady in the parking lot and the exact same thing happened to her. Poor Service.  Was told would give us breakfast in the morning and extra points. When I asked the gentleman, where are we supposed to sleep when she doesn’t have a bed and the couch does not fall out he said I have nothing to offer you not even a fold out bed.

Overall a great experience.

Bed was nice, pillows were great. Room AC was ok, kinda weak, but fine overall.

The TV experience was poor. While im not there for the TV experience, its bad because at the end of the night when winding down half of it doesn't work by design.

It shows apps to use, but you cant use Netflix or YouTube even with your own hotspot, because reasons.

The built in restaurant is awesome, though. I had a breakfast burrito in there. Definitely recommend.

Staff was nice.

Do NOT book this hotel!!! Our group had a CONFIRMED group rate, booked weeks ago, and upon the day of Che king in, each of us received “reservation modification emails” advising us our rate had been DOUBLED! One of us had been there for 2 nights already! The manager was abusive, angry, unwilling to adjust the rate back to the confirmed rate, even though the error was on THEM! They called the police on 2 of our guests, cancelled their reservation at 10 pm and called the police to have them cited for trespassing!!! You cannot make this up. The hotel is a dive and the rate they bumped us to is ridiculous!! Needless to say we ALL canceled and found great accommodations elsewhere.

Nice business room, adequate gym, complimentary water/coffee/tea and professional lobby/housekeeping.

We stayed here because my daughter had chosen it for her family for a trip to Denver. Driving up I thought, this looks nicer than I remember Holiday Inns as being. The person who checked us in was great and helpful regarding directions to the closest light rail station. Great kind of ended there. The bathroom sink faucet barely worked. The shower head sprayed some water sideways. Combined with a curtain that was not as long as the tub, this resulted in water on the floor. They have a restaurant on the top floor (4), Trappers Bar. We had breakfast there. It was mostly empty but still took forever. The food was mediocre at best and no cheap. There was only one person working. We weren’t sure if she was the cook as well. The next morning the restaurant wasn’t even open, possibly due to no staffing. My daughter had chosen a rate that included breakfast. They got to eat their breakfast in the lobby out of takeout boxes. The final nail in the coffin was when we checked out. I booked one night but we decided to stay an extra night. Looking online, the flash sale rate didn’t seem to be available. This as still a week out (and the last day to cancel that special rate). I called the hotel noting that the “flash sale” didn’t show up. Could we extend for a second night at the same rate. He checked and said he had extended our stay. I checked that it would be at the same rate and he confirmed that it was. When checked out the second night was $20 higher. The rude young man at the desk said, the same rate doesn’t mean the same price and there was nothing he or anyone else could do. I can live with a $20 extra cost but the whole attitude was unacceptable. I’ll not be back to that hotel. It migh5 be another long time before I choose to stay at a Holiday Inn. I gave it three stars because of the great first desk person, reasonable room, and comfortable bed. If you do go, I’d skip the breakfast.

The hotel itself was satisfactory, and the room was also fine. The reason for the one-star overall rating was due to poor customer service and the cancellation of my reservation.

 My daughter and I were planning to visit relatives in Parker, CO, so on June 6, 2025, I made two reservations. I made one for myself and one for my adult daughter for a stay at the Holiday Inn located at 19308 Cottonwood Drive, Parker, CO, from July 4 to July 7, through the IHG website. I used points for one reservation and booked the other at the standard rate. Both reservations had the same confirmation number, as they were made simultaneously, and each was for a king room.

When I checked in on Friday, July 4, I was informed that there was only one reservation, the standard rate one, and that the reservation made with points was missing. Despite presenting my confirmation, the front desk clerk insisted there was no record of that reservation and stated that all rooms were fully booked, which forced us to share a single room. Sharing a room with my adult daughter was unacceptable, so I had to seek alternative accommodations for one of us.

After reviewing my IHG account, I saw that my points had been deducted but were later refunded. When I contacted IHG customer service about the points return and the cancellation of my reservation without prior notice, I was told that using points for rooms on the Fourth of July weekend was not allowed. I asked why I was able to book it online despite this restriction, and the representative explained that booking online using points must have been a mistake on the IHG website.

The IHG website allowed me to book a room using points, but IHG/Holiday Inn later deemed this booking impermissible for that weekend. My reservation was canceled without notification, and IHG/Holiday Inn did not take adequate steps to resolve the situation. The only response from customer service was, "Sorry that happened, but there was a suite available that I would have to pay half price for, and it was only available for one night."

It is hard for me to believe that the hotel was entirely full, especially since the parking lot was less than half full. As a loyal IHG Platinum Elite member since 2002, I have never encountered a situation like this. I am extremely dissatisfied with how IHG/Holiday Inn handled this matter—canceling my reservation, failing to inform me of the cancellation, not honoring my reservation, and making no attempt to resolve the issue apart from offering a paid room that was only available for one night. Because of this experience, I will no longer stay at any IHG locations and will be canceling my IHG membership and credit card.

Do not stay here if you care about a gym! I used the gym two times - both days it was 87 degrees (!), the treadmill was plugged in, but wouldn't work, the elliptical shut off every time I switched directions, and there were no wipes. The staff were actually really good and helpful and the waitress in the restaurant was fabulous (so sweet and friendly and really efficient). We booked thinking there was a restaurant open in the evenings, but it was only open for breakfast. The phone in the room didn't work, and the toilet handle had to be held down for it to flush, but overall room was fine. We did get daily housekeeping, which we did not last time we stayed in Parker at the La Quinta, which was nice. The one time we tried to use the hot tub, it was cold.

Would stay again and Would stay again and Would stay again

My daughter and I were planning on viisiting relatives in Parker, CO so I made two reservations on June 6, 2025. I made one for myself and one for my adult daughter for a stay at the Holiday Inn located at 19308 Cottonwood Drive, Parker, CO, from July 4 to July 7, through the IHG website. I used points for one reservation and booked the other at the standard rate. Both reservations had the same confirmation number, as they were made simultaneously, and each was for a king room.||When I checked in on Friday, July 4, I was informed that there was only one reservation, the standard rate one, and that the reservation made with points was missing. Despite presenting my confirmation, the front desk clerk insisted there was no record of that reservation and stated that all rooms were fully booked, which forced us to share a single room. Sharing a room with my adult daughter was unacceptable, so I had to seek alternative accommodations for one of us.||After reviewing my IHG account, I saw that my points had been deducted but were later refunded. When I contacted IHG customer service about the points return and the cancellation of my reservation without prior notice, I was told that using points for rooms on the Fourth of July weekend was not allowed. I asked why I was able to book it online despite this restriction, and the representative explained that booking online using points must have been a mistake on the IHG website.||The IHG website allowed me to book a room using points, but IHG/Holiday Inn later deemed this booking impermissible for that weekend. My reservation was canceled without notification, and IHG/Holiday Inn did not take adequate steps to resolve the situation. The only response from customer service was, "Sorry that happened, but there was a suite available that I would have to pay half price for, and it was only available for one night."||It is hard for me to believe that the hotel was entirely full, especially since the parking lot was less than half full. As a loyal IHG member since 2002, I have never encountered a situation like this. I am extremely dissatisfied with how IHG/Holiday Inn handled this matter—canceling my reservation, failing to inform me of the cancellation, not honoring my reservation, and making no attempt to resolve the issue apart from offering a paid room that was only available for one night. Because of this experience, I will no longer stay at any IHG locations and will be canceling my IHG|membership.

Do not recommend this property. Not worthy of Holiday Inn branding. Poorly maintained: AC did not work, huge potholes in parking lot. Sad, abandoned looking first floor. Customer service was unwelcoming and ambivalent with a “I don’t care about you” attitude. Many arguments taking place between Customers and front desk.Checked out after 1 night of a planned 4 night stay.

Hotel was great, staff was great, in a perfect location. It’s conveniently, centrally located near multiple restaurants and stores.

COLD hot tub! That was so disappointing. My bathroom had hair all over it! Had to clean it myself. TV didn’t work. Staff was super rude. Don’t bother wasting your money here

We came to visit our family in Parker.  This location is perfect for proximity to family and the airport.  The staff was wonderful, the bed was very comfortable and the food in the restaurant was delicious!

I have stayed here 4 times in the past year. Friendly front desk staff & great housekeeping staff. (The gentleman who makes all of the room repairs deserves a raise.) Pool & Hot Tub worked well. Very quiet & very accessible. My spouse requires an accessible room. Great shower/tub that is accessible for those with needs & for those of us who travel with them & want a traditional setup. (I didn’t have to slouch like I do in some adapted showers.) Before you call down to the desk-You can’t get Netflix even though it is on the tv remote. (Firewall Issue). I have stayed at the other local hotels & this place is the best.

Website lists bar and restaurant on site. Upon arrival we were told both were closed. Staff has asked corporate to correct website for several months. It was too late to change our stay, but not too late to change our future stays. Very disappointed.

Nice room with a good amount of space. Very clean & comfortable. The only downside is the poor lighting

I was super excited about our trip to CO however I was slapped with a summons for jury duty. The front desk at this location declined to allow me to rebook, and I was open to just about any weekend in October. They had rooms available,  if they had been full I would have just rearranged my schedule to squeeze this trip in. 1 star for poor service, can't speak to the rest bc of lack of flexibility. When we do go, we will stay elsewhere. Sorry, I'm not gonna get some petty charges for shirking my "civic duty" but I have the proof of the jury summons so you'd think they'd be a pinch flexible. May the franchise owner be summoned themselves and spend a month sitting on the most boring case ever!

We were in Colorado for a Softball tournament and stayed there for 6 days and every night we were greeted as we entered.  Very friendly atmosphere. The beds were very comfortable. Restroom was clean. Every time we returned the beds were made with freshly cleaned linings, restrooms restocked with towels, toiletries.

Good things first:
1. The location is phenomenal, or it was for us!
2. It's super clean, clearly the housekeepers are talented individuals!
3. The individual who appeared to be training at the front desk was shy, but doing his best, and seemed like they were catching on quickly. They even provided me with a detailed accounting of amenities, and did their best to help the not-so-sweet individual seem less abrasive.
4. The beds were comfy! The decades old furniture is functional, seems to be a wonderful quality! Everything in our room was dated, but working, so I *can* understand why it's not been updated. Just... 200+ for a room from 2005 when I'd have been charged 70$ seems criminal.
_____
This hotel is functional, but ancient, and one of the individuals I was working with today for check in was as rude as possible without being too obvious they were acting ugly.
I've worked in customer service for most  of my life... I was friendly, polite, and patient while they were being snippy. My husband had to call multiple times to get the card authorization form even sent to him. Then the employee insisted the format was sketchy... it was a Microsoft 360 link-- but whatever. My husband isn't super tech savvy, so I called him to have it re-sent. Made a joke at my husband's expense, hoping to diffuse the negative vibe a little. It didn't help.

The aforementioned "link" was a Microsoft 360 link, and it has been accepted by 5 hotels already... but it wasn't safe according to this person.

Id have left it alone, but my husband was working on that authorization intermittently ***all day*** and had to remind them to send it to him even after he finally got ahold of someone.

Also, the thermostat wont go below 68-- if anyone wants to know that, and the hotel was probably last updated in 2005. The shower head is circa 1990s. It's dark. Very vineyard-vibes.

...just... no. I won't be staying here again.
Ya'll cant be mean *and* ugly. You've got to pick one; it's a rule!

Aaron at the front desk was SO great and resolved an issue for me (it was my own fault!) and was friendly and quick. I stayed here as a guest of a rewards member on my way to a different state. I had my dog with me as well and the hotel is located along a nice street with plenty of space to go for a walk. The room was nice too - I would stay here again!

AC never worked, room was dirty. Staff lied about maintenance. This was the first time I left a hotel mid-stay. No way to speak with a manager. Steer clear of this location. No refund, and zero communication from anyone. IHG, might be time to cut this location loose.

Absolutely would NOT RECOMMEND this hotel to anyone. Stupidly expensive, hot rooms, ceiling drywall joints are separating, previous ceiling drywall repairs look like a 10 year old patched it, there was a funky smell in the halls and some of our friends rooms, the breakfast situation is unusual, the hallway carpets are stained and disgusting looking like they need replaced or at least shampooed, the common areas are hot as well. And the indoor pool was nasty the day before we arrived.

1-the room AC didn’t work. Our room was 80F when we arrived but the AC was set to 68F by the cleaning staff or previous customer. We set the AC to 65 and went to dinner. Came back 3 hours later and it was maybe 78F. The front desk said it was our fault because you cannot set the AC less than 68F or it “locks out and shuts down”??? There were no notices warning of that AND it was set at 68F when we arrived but it was NOT working then BEFORE we set it “too low”. They reset the breaker and our AC kind of worked, it barely blew cold air. The worker said that was as cold as any of the rooms blow, and there was nothing to do to fix it, no other rooms available and it was 10PM. It would blow cold air for about 5 minutes and then shut off for 5-10 minutes, back on for 5, off for 5-10 acting like it was on its last leg and needed to take a break. Our room didn’t get to a reasonable temperature until 4:00 AM!
2-the smell. There is a funky smell just about everywhere. Our room was okay but not the bathroom, we had to keep the bathroom door shut all the time. Our friends room smelled funky and they couldn’t escape it. Again, they were told there were no other rooms to move them to.

3- breakfast costs extra, some of our friends didn’t notice that. That’s on them, but the only breakfast is at a sit down restaurant. We paid the $10 per adult which is a good deal for a sit down breakfast BUUUT we had no idea, that’s not stated anywhere. I showed up with my 8 year old who wanted a bagel. There was no one at the hostess station. Ring the bell…no one comes. Walk to the kitchen and say hello…no one answers but I can hear 3 people laughing and talking. I YELL “hello?” And someone finally responds. She tells us she’s the only waitress/hostess. She tells us they don’t have bagels. The breakfast is a sit down restaurant which is nice for $10 but no one told us that and we were planning on a buffet style/hotel breakfast that we could eat quick and go to our baseball games. Soooo no breakfast for us.

4- another customer told us the day before we arrived the indoor pool was green and dirty, they literally wouldn’t swim in it. They must have shocked the pool because it was not green, but how does an indoor pool get that disgusting?

The room had an awful smell! The room was also very hot and would not cool down. Would not recommend this hotel for the price we paid, we will not be back.

This was probably the worse hotel I have stayed at. There was a large group of us that stayed here for a baseball tournament in town and wow was this hotel awful.
1. Rooms were not ready upon arrival
2. It was so hot in the lobby
3. I was told that if we wanted breakfast we would have to pay, so we did BUT when my family went up this morning it took 20 mins for someone to come out and get our drink order and then another 30 mins that we waited for food and at this point I was so angry all ng with 3 other families that we left.
4. My rooms air conditioner was not working very well.
5. When I came down to talk to the person at the desk he informed me that I would ha e to call the manager because he can't do anything about the issues.
THIS HOTEL WAS A NO NO!!

Not to mention the guy at the desk look like he just woke up, clothing was gross with his shirt unbuttoned and chest showing and dirt under his nails.

DONT RECOMMEND AT ALL

Definitely won’t come back here unless they have some major renovations. The entire hotel is HOT, it is 90F outside; I would bet the lobby and some hallways are 80F. Our room AC was broken and had to be reset. It technically worked after that, but just barely.
Hallway carpets have stains that were maybe vacuumed but never cleaned. The ceiling drywall joints were separated either from water damage or poor craftsmanship. The drywall corners all have clear plastic protectors nailed or screwed on with shiny fasteners that stand out.

I will say the staff were very nice and helpful, quick to respond to our requests. But I would not recommend this hotel.

The hotel is in a good safe location with a friendly staff, clean room and comfotable bed.

Stay away.  Dirty room, no air conditioning, fraud.
Booked a large suite to attend a family wedding, June 27th-29th. I have been an IHG member for 21 years, and have never been treated with such absolute disregard in my life. Air conditioning did not work on our first night. Informed front desk and was told maintenance would be right up to take a look.
7 hours later and help was a no-show, which seems to be this location's standard. I was told there was no maintenance man available and wouldn't be for 3 more days. Manager on duty named Matt, (the only Matt here was the last name he offered me) was unhelpful and unaccountable. I was treated with total disregard while booking their most expensive room available and was expected to accept a sub-standard accommodation. I had even sought to book a meeting room, but that request also went unanswered when originally booking. Highly unrecommended.

experiences I have ever had in a hotel/motel. First of all we prepaid the room because of our late check in. We arrived at the hotel at 2:00am and we were greeted by a gentleman at the front desk in a military (not us) type jacket which was a bit intimating. He was kind and smiling so I looked past the jacket. Everything was fine until we got into our room. It was an especially warm weekend and the room was blazing hot. I checked the a/c thermostat and it was set at 68°, so I turned it down to the lowest setting which was 65°. After about 30 minutes there was absolutely no change in the room temperature and the a/c was blowing the same warm air inside the room, so I turned the a/c thermostat off thinking it would reset and start cooling again. Again after about 30 minutes the a/c was still not cooling. At this point I called the front desk about this problem and he asked me what the thermostat setting was and he told me the a/c will shut off if the setting was below 68° and I told him that the thermostat was set at 68° when I checked into the room without any cooling, the army guy also said he would reset the breaker for the a/c. Again, I set the thermostat back up to 68° and 20 minutes go by and still no cooling. I checked the room temperature at this time and it was a hot musty 81°. At this time is was after 3:30am and I called back and all the army guy said the only other option was relocate us into another room. I was so late and I was so tired and hot I declined to move. BTW we were a on the 3rd floor and couldn't even open a window because of being locked out. To continue the melodrama, we were told the breakfast was available until 10:00am, eeeh no, that was a lie. We went into the "restaurant" at 8:55am after no sleep to find the restaurant closed. When I mentioned this to the next shift front desk person, he said the breakfast closed at 9:00am (lie) because the cook got sick. So frustrated about my entire 7\1/2 stay I told the front desk person about my completely bad stay with the a/c and the breakfast, al he said was that he would give me a few extra IHG points

DO NOT EVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One of the worst experiences I have ever had in a hotel/motel. First of all we prepaid the room because of our late check in. We arrived at the hotel at 2:00am and we were greeted by a gentleman at the front desk in a military (not us) type jacket which was a bit intimating. He was kind and smiling so I looked past the jacket. Everything was fine until we got into our room. It was an especially warm weekend and the room was blazing hot. I checked the a/c thermostat and it was set at 68°, so I turned it down to the lowest setting which was 65°. After about 30 minutes there was absolutely no change in the room temperature and the a/c was blowing the same warm air inside the room, so I turned the a/c thermostat off thinking it would reset and start cooling again. Again after about 30 minutes the a/c was still not cooling. At this point I called the front desk about this problem and he asked me what the thermostat setting was and he told me the a/c will shut off if the setting was below 68° and I told him that the thermostat was set at 68° when I checked into the room without any cooling, the army guy also said he would reset the breaker for the a/c. Again, I set the thermostat back up to 68° and 20 minutes go by and still no cooling. I checked the room temperature at this time and it was a hot musty 81°. At this time is was after 3:30am and I called back and all the army guy said the only other option was relocate us into another room. I was so late and I was so tired and hot I declined to move. BTW we were a on the 3rd floor and couldn't even open a window because of being locked out.  To continue the melodrama, we were told the breakfast was available until 10:00am, eeeh no, that was a lie. We went into the "restaurant" at 8:55am after no sleep to find the restaurant closed. When I mentioned this to the next shift front desk person, he said the breakfast closed at 9:00am (lie) because the cook got sick. So frustrated about my entire 7\1/2 stay I told the front desk person about my completely bad stay with the a/c and the breakfast, al he said was that he would give me a few extra IHG points on my account (lie) 2-weeks later no bonus points. My recommendation: DO NOT EVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

If you are in need of a hotel because you have a sick family member at Advent Health look elsewhere. Book another hotel, the daytime front desk guy is rude, condescending, could not care less about your questions, knowing you have traveled from afar to be with your family member who was in ICU. Made you wait to check if a room was ready, offered no hospital discount even when I asked and knew the hotel does give one. Do yourself a favor go to another hotel if you need to be near the hospital.

Hotel lobby and halls smell like cigarettes.  Blackout curtains didn’t work and sheer curtains were missing.  The AC didn’t seem to be working well enough in the room to cool below 76 or so.  The alarm clock in the room went off at 6 AM.  I paid for breakfast but was not given a voucher.  Although there is a community breakfast area, the breakfast is only served in the restaurant upstairs.  You have to wait for it to be cooked.  The food was somehow flavorless and salty.

Overall, do not recommend.

Hotel lobby and halls smell like cigarettes.  Blackout curtains didn’t work and sheer curtains were missing.  The AC didn’t seem to be working well enough in the room to cool below 76 or so.  The alarm clock in the room went off at 6 AM.  I paid for breakfast but was not given a voucher.  Although there is a community breakfast area, the breakfast is only served in the restaurant upstairs.  You have to wait for it to be cooked.  The food was somehow flavorless and salty.

Overall, do not recommend.

The hotel was very clean and comfortable, however, could use some updating.

Hands down one of the worst hotels I’ve stayed at. Chose to stay here as we had stayed in the past. Nothing like it was before. We were placed in two different rooms due to air conditioning not working. Our second room had the same air conditioning issues as the first. We traveled from over eight hours away and decided to cut our visit short because of this experience. Do not stay here.

I write honest reviews because people look to reviews to book accommodations. I rarely post negative reviews. I don't request follow up because it wouldn't matter. Yes, I brought these concerns to staff. Some were corrected, as in my room read changed and they apologized for the conditions. Staff acted concerned.

I can't begin to explain the disappointment with this establishment as a Holiday In Express. It's dated, old, dirty and poorly run. Flooring is horrible throughout. The beds are hard and broken down. I requested a room change after the first night because I couldn't sit in either chair in my room due to fluid deposits and food remnants on the fabric. Enough said.

The bed skirts also had fluid stains. I moved from the 2nd floor to the 3rd. Beware, the restaurant on the 4th floor comes alive at 530 with moving tables and chairs so it's am alarm clock. The bathrooms have poor lighting. It's hard to see to shave. Tiles in the bathroom are falling off the walls in the shower and behind the toilet.

Overall, this is at best a 1 star. It looks great from the outside. I didn't leave after the first night because I realized I booked a non-refundable room. Big mistake!

Coffee service in the lobby is done at 730 because staff are on their phones not paying attention or prepared. I think it's an easy way to drive service to the restaurant. I witnessed theft by staff or their children and reported it twice. This is a family run facility, as in children are with their parents so there is divided attention. I don't think housekeeping is trained properly or there is a definite difference in a standard of cleanliness. I didn't trust the beer that was left in my room so i left it. The refrigerator was off and defrosted water puddled on the carpet. My second room didn't have the AC set so it was hours to cool it down.

I travel on average 1x a month and look for good reviews, a decent price and convenience. I'm not bouchie (booshie) I just need clean, safe, and decent accommodations. THIS IS NOT IT!
I travel to the Denver area 2xs a year. I would never book here again. No ill will meant towards this hotel but it needs a complete refurbishing.

This place is an older IHG. The employees were not helpful. We were traveling from Utah to Ohio with some livestock and this was the 4th IHG we have stayed at and each one allowed us to water our livestock. When we asked if we could water the livestock at this location they said sounds like a job for maintenance and turned their backs to us and resumed their conversation. This is the worst IHG we have stayed at. Garbaged was over flowing. The public restrooms in the lobby were filthy. I would just assume to sleep in your car or find a different hotel. If I could give this place no stars I would.

not acomodating to special.requests

This place is clean and well taken care off. Most staff is nice, but what makes this place stand out is a front desk gentleman name Jim . In our personal experience, Jim is what make this place worth staying at. He’s very attentive, professional and ready to make your stay as comfortable as possible.

Overall experience was fine. Hotel is in a good location.  It was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly.  The hotel was quiet except for a noice from some hotel machinery that kept us up all night.

Great place to stay for the price. The staff was attentive and friendly. The hotel was clean and a great environment. Plenty of shops and restaurants near by. A great place to stay when in Parker Colorado.

By far the worst Holiday Inn I've ever stayed at. The rooms haven't been renovated in decades and there was a weird smell in the hallway. If you set the AC below 68 it actually heats the room. Management refused a refund on the grounds of "The AC alone is not sufficient for a refund". The room was muggy and uncomfortable and the manager was highly rude. I highly recommend staying at any other property.

Great staff and location but the rooms are run down and old and the beds are old spring mattresses. The carpets had stains, the water was not hot, and the beds were not comfortable.

We stay at this property usually about once every few months to take our grandkids swimming. On 05/29/2025, I went to check in with a priceline reservation around 5:00PM. The gentleman who checked us in, would not accept my ID because it was expired, so I got on the Colorado government app and showed him my ID via that way, he would also not accept it and said it had to be a physical copy. I told him I was waiting for mine to arrive. He said there's nothing he can do. I asked if we can check in using my daughter's ID, he said no since the reservation was under my name. So we called priceline to get the name changed to my daughter's who had her ID. Priceline said they would have to call the property and get permission from the hotel, we waited in the lobby as priceline called the property and the man working, said he would not change the name of the reservation because we were in the lobby and that if we would've had to call prior to add another name to the reservation, he could've but since we were in the lobby it was against their policy. In shock, priceline said the property would not be able to change it. I asked to cancel it so we could book another one under my daughter's name and priceline had to call and ask the hotel property for permission to cancel it, while we are standing in the lobby, the man working the desk advised priceline that he cannot cancel the reservation because it is the same day so he would not give permission to cancel. So priceline tells us that we cannot get a refund. I didn't understand why he couldn't accept the ID from my phone as it was a Colorado government app, where police officers even accept it. We called Holiday inn express corporate number and they said there is no reason not to take the ID, that they do not need a physical copy. We informed the man working what corporate said, he shrugged his shoulders and said you'll need to book a new reservation with someone who has a physical ID. He was purposely making it difficult and refusing to cancel the priceline reservation, so we had to book another. We were very nice, never gave him an attitude, we just wanted to get into our room as we have two young children with us who were very hyper and wanting to go swimming. So we booked another reservation through priceline, with my daughter's name and he finally accepted her ID. It was such a hassle, there was no manager on duty to help us. I do not think that its a rule that you have to have a physical copy of an ID. And then when we asked for his name, he refused to give us his name or identify who we could speak to from management.  I think he was truly trying to make it difficult, as he was so unwillingly to help. I've had priceline reservations before where something comes up, and the hotel property has the ability to say yes if its okay to cancel, even on same day bookings. I also worked at the Holiday Inn in Castle Rock a year ago, and we would have to cancel priceline reservations all the time when there was a situation like this come up. He was purposely being difficult to work with. It was so disappointing because like I said, we stay at this property at least 10 times a year. I dont think management will actually care about this situation, but i think its definitely worth noting how difficult the front desk agent was being. Overall, the hotel is very clean and we love the swimming pool at this property.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Hot tub jets were broken, pool area was looking run down. Needs a good scrubbing and some maintenance done on equipment and lighting.
Other than that I enjoyed my stay. I will return on future visits to Parker.

Positive: "" Negative: Old and worn-out

This hotel is in a great neighborhood. It’s an easily accessible place to stay and very clean. Very nice facility. Great staff. Would definitely book there again in the future.!  You won’t regret booking your next stay here!

It’s a good hotel to stay at as it is in the suburbs of Denver. But as always, I wish they would upgrade the TVs and the furniture and maybe some amenities like snacks and food. But other than that, it’s a great hotel.

Horrible experience, gave my room to someone else , I was supposed to be there Monday to Friday , went back after work on Thursday and they had my stuff packed and put into a closet told me when I got back that I was supposed to check out today but when I show them the reservation they told me they couldn't do anything for me

The view was spectacular, the staff was pleasant, and breakfast was delicious thank you

Positive: The price Negative: The fitness equipment, treadmill and step need service, they both made excruciating noise.

Great place to stay. Centrally located for all my needs.

Our check in was great. Quick, friendly, clear instructions to the room.

As the check-in attendant said, it's an older hotel. The rooms could use some attention. The bed wasn't bad, the ac struggled to maintain 70 and most the furnishings had seen better days. Workable for me as a solo male but my wife would not have been thrilled.

Rooms are a little dated but Jim at front desk is one of the best customer service representatives I have ever had. He was personal, professional, and helpful. He is what makes this 5 star review. Thank you Jim for being a great person.

Great place to stay!!

Jim was an amazing representative that reflects on the true value ihg provides! I recommend coming to this hotel at all cost in Colorado!

Hotel was in a very area close to where I needed to be. It was clean and comfortable. Staff was great, especially Matthew. 
Air conditioning needs to be improved because you can’t go below 68 degrees and it might get .

Had a bed, shower and toilet. I was exhausted and didn't participate in amenities. Room coffee maker was clean, brought my own k-cup thingies. Location is perfect for my trip, so keep up with that.

Was greatly taken care of by Jim at the front desk. We needed to stay after our checkout to finish some work and we were given waters and made to feel comfortable. I wanted to get out of their hair but they made it abundantly clear we were more than welcome.|Our great experience came with fantastic service.

The room was fine,as was the service. Trappers used to be a steakhouse and I wasn't aware that changed, which was part of the reason we stayed, so that was disappointing. The inside pool/hot tub area looks like it was an after thought. There is nothing defining the space or making you feel welcome. Both need a power wash, the room was dingy, and I didn't really want to get in either, which is a shame as that was the other reason we chose this property. So if you re looking for a place to sleep, then I'd recommend it, but that's about it.

This hotel is very nice, and the rooms are clean and comfortable.    Cleaning service came to the room each morning and cleaned and restocked towels/washcloths, vacuumed, made the beds, etc..   Front desk staff were very nice and helpful!  My only complaint is that there is no continental breakfast.  There is a restaurant on the 5th floor, but we were on a time crunch, so we didn't have time in the mornings to go up to a hotel and sit for breakfast.   A quick breakfast would have been nice.

Staff was awful, room was dirty (one of beds had dirty sheets) and when I brought it to their attention, the lady at the desk told me that there were no other rooms available and that I could leave but they weren't refunding my money. When she came and looked at the room to verify it was dirty, she said it looked fine to her and because there was only one of me and two beds I could just sleep on the other bed. To top it off they kept my $150 deposit and said that I stained the seats when I explained to them that they were that way when I got there they refused to listen. I recommend that you go to any other Hotel as this place is not only filthy but the staff is awful! I wish I would have taken pictures!

Place is very dated, the room was extremely warm but AC didn't work. Had to sleep with window open despite being 40 degrees outside.  Hair dryer in bathroom didn't work.  Front desk person acted like they absolutely didn't care.

Rooms and location will never compensate for poor customer service and fraud. This is the only location that consistently double charges for an already paid for room. Based on my experience, the manager Kylie is aware and supports this as she will not speak to me about why I am being asked for inappropriate personal information to get more answers on this. DO NOT USE THIS LOCATION!

Had a horrible experience at this hotel, when we checked in, we notified front desk that we had service animal then we went to room to find blood on the bathroom toilet and notified the hotel staff who refused to let me speak with a manager and tried to tell me that my dog was no service animal and said they had to see paperwork or I would be charged, provided my dogs vest and she said that was not good enough. Asked to speak to a manager again and was told that I was not allowed to come back to the hotel! This hotel was filthy the staff was horribly rude and charged me for my service animal on top of 86ing me because I was not happy that there was blood in the bathroom on the toilet and they were not willing to do anything about it or refund me my money. I will be calling corporate and I'm begging anyone to not give them the business they deserve especially if you have a service animal

This is an older property that needs an upgrade.  This was unlike any Holiday Inn I have ever encountered.  ||My room was clean, but the temperature was difficult to control, the heater/air conditioner sounded like a freight train, and the bed/pillows were of really poor quality.  I stayed for three nights and found myself exhausted at the end of my stay due to poor sleep quality.||The clerk at check in was very friendly and had everything ready for me prior to check in.  The front desk staff I interacted with after that could best be described as disinterested.  There are numerous other places to stay in this area that are better and at a similar price.

👎🏻👎🏻

Horrible costumer service at front desk, by the Manager especially! This guy is not client oriented at all! One of the worst hotel I ever been!
Don’t waste your money in this old hotel!

We stayed here for the pool and closeness to where we had things planned. The price was ok but the hotel was outdated and nothing really to offer for amenities. We will try another hotel next visit.

The room smelled like mold. The carpets were worn and dirty and frayed on the second floor just off the elevator.  Employees were nice and helpful, and it was nice to be able to have my pet with me.

HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! Do not stay here. I placed a reservation through Priceline due to this hotel being pet friendly. Hotel is only DOG friendly not PET friendly. I wasn’t allowed to check in because I have a cat. I contacted Priceline asking to cancel and get a refund. They reached out to the manager Kelsey and she refused to refund or cancel my reservation. The manager Kelsey argued with Priceline and the Priceline supervisor numerous times: I’m now out over $200 and no resolution. Worst hotel ever!!!! STAY AWAY!!!!!

Great location for us, but restaurant was only open for breakfast and no open bar to have a drink at night. Also, no free breakfast if that’s important to you; at least not during our stay.
Staff was nice, but rooms could use some updating.

Good hotel with good location but advertised that it has a restaurant that served breakfast but it was permanently closed last year and no continental breakfast was offered.

Avoid this hotel!
I had an awful stay at this holiday inn. The rooms are old, dirty, and clearly not properly cleaned. The carpets were stained, the bathroom had mold, and the sheets didn’t even seem fresh. The staff was beyond rude and unprofessional, dismissive, and even racist in their behavior. It was shocking and completely unacceptable. To make matters worse, the parking lot is unsafe, with questionable activity at night. This hotel is absolutely not worth the stop. I’d recommend staying anywhere else!

The rooms are out dated and the carpet has been cut out and replaced with remnants.  The bathroom lighting over the vanity is very dim.  The pool had no towels available, when I told the front desk, we were only given enough for us.  The towels didn’t get re-stocked that night.
No mention of my IHG membership at front desk upon check-in.

- The pool deck is SO SLIPPERY.  It is extremely dangerous.  Do not bring kids here.
- The power went out in our room.  Apparently this is a known issue.  They tried to fix it.  We ended up having to switch rooms around 9pm.  Not relaxing.
- The restaurant can't make Eggs Benedict on Sunday mornings.  The Sunday cook doesn't know how to poach eggs?

Tiara at the service desk was one of a kind, she went above and beyond any expectations I had. She was a fantastic ambassador of the hotel brand. We would definitely return because tiara was so fantastic!

Location is not bad and I knew where I was renting. Unfortunately, theres a lot to be desired. The room had scuff marks and stains and had a smell to it, most likely from food stench fused to the carpet. The tv was damaged, with white blobs all over the bottom of the screen. Thankfully i got a deal on the room because no way this is worth 110+.

Run down, staff made a mistake but did nothing to compensate. Not sure if we will stay again

Tiara was amazing! Super helpful and such a great person to work with. Through my daughter's birthday party here and had two rooms, both were very clean perfectly set up has a nice little dining area a mini fridge and plenty of space. Loved that there was also an option for a couch with a pull out bed for extra room if need be. Also enjoyed the indoor pool and hot tub. Highly recommend this to anybody looking for a comfortable convenient place to stay that is very affordable. Shout out to Tiara again for being phenomenal!

The hotel is in need of upgrade.  The desk clerk needs more customer service training.  The room had a couch and it was in bad shape so we did not sit on it. The bed mattress was not comfortable and the pillows need to be replaced.  I have stayed in this hotel and had a nice experience.  But after my last visit I will never stay at this location again.

Booked a 3 night stay through chase travel which used Priceline who completely messed up our booking. The hotel clerk, Tiara, was so helpful! She was so kind and helped navigate through the multiple telephone calls from Priceline and Chase, and she even checked on us several times to make sure we were comfortable. She offered solutions and recommendations to assist in us getting the room we payed for through these third party sites. The hotel may be going through updates because the website is misleading in restaurant times and rooms available, but otherwise such a wonderful stay. I will come here again but definitely book directly with this hotel.

This property should not be a part of IHG! I have spent many years staying in hotels and this was one of the worst rooms I have ever stayed in. The carpet had chunks missing and the drapes had multiple small holes that light shined through, as well as the room being seriously outdated. It’s hard to imagine the room is clean with those conditions. Additionally, TV did not work. This was a rewards redemption and if this is how preferred customers are treated, IHG should reexamine their policies. 

This was DISGUSTING! 

Only plus was how nice the front desk young lady was.

this was a very clean and quiet stay for our overnight visit.  the pool could have been a lil warmer, but it was good.
staff was friendly. close to restaurants and other shops

Disgusting, dirty, and bad service; that pretty much sums up my experience. Had booked this hotel for a week and had to leave after the first night and find a new hotel to enjoy the remainder of my vacation. Front desk staff were rude, the halls were dirty and smelled like mold. Our room was even worse. The carpets were dirty, the couch was disgusting and looked like it had come out of a crime scene, and the bed was hard as a rock. I wish I had ONE good thing to say about this place but I don’t.

Disgusting, dirty, and bad service; that pretty much sums up my experience. Had booked this hotel for a week and had to leave after the first night and find a new hotel to enjoy the remainder of my vacation. Front desk staff were rude, the halls were dirty and smelled like mold. Our room was even worse. The carpets were dirty, the couch was disgusting and looked like it had come out of a crime scene, and the bed was hard as a rock. I wish I had ONE good thing to say about this place but I don’t.

I rented thius room for a family member thru my employee discount. The T.V didnt work as well as there waa a mouse that was seen in the room the AC didnt work either. they should have been given another room instead they were told to call on Monday today the 25th of November 2024 to speak to Kylie. I have called three times and have not gotten a response from her as to the resolution to my issues.

Nice and clean and quiet!
Location is great too. Great restaurants, works for us!
We will definitely keep coming here to get away and not worry about drinking and driving...🙃

Hotel is well situated and has good Parking. Easy Connection to Interstate and Toll Roads. Bar closes at 9pm, but there is a very close McDonalds that is open until 11pm

Room was clean but there were stains in the carpet. Room smelled bad, and previous persons had smoked in the bathroom.

I decided to stay up here during snow storm and it was nice to come in and be comfortable I used points to stay everyone was so nice and helpful the only thing they didn’t say when checking in was that they had breakfast 
I only thought the breakfast was at trappers

I was very pleased with my stay. I was surprised to find age of the hotel far exceeded my expectations, since everything appeared very new and clean. Also, my stay was rather random, due to the weather. I was allowed early check-in which was a real plus. And the next day, I was only 25 minutes from the airport. I would highly recommend the hotel if experiencing travel problems with the airport.

Bed was awful! Carpet was stained up and just was not worth the money! Very disappointed

Greetings from the staff. All smiles. Great room, spacious, clean.  Near the elevator was good as my wife has trouble on walking to far.  The breakfast was fresh and GOOD.  CLEAN!! The fact that the hotel had a restaurant on the premises was perfect and we did not have to hunt and drive to find a place to eat NOT fast food.
Will recommend this hotel to everyone traveling in that area.

I first started staying at this hotel 6 or 7 years ago. It had a great restaurant. Then Covid happened. I stayed here the last night restaurants were allow to serve in Denver before having to lock down. The food was great. Over the couple of times I have stayed here the restaurant changed hands and the food wasn’t as good. Now I just stay here on a Monday through Wednesday night. Hoping I wouldn’t have to leave the hotel to eat. I check in to find the restaurant is now only open Thursday through Saturday night. As for the room it is very average with the worst lighting I have experienced in a hotel room. As for the front desk employees, the person that checked me in was great but the kid that checked me out wearing an under armor hoodie that looked like it was worn continuously for the last 7 days and a Rick and Morty hat had a horrible attitude. Needles to say there are plenty of other hotels in the Denver area. I will not be using this one again.

The hotel is new, pet friendly and avoids most of Denver traffic since it is off the e470 toll road, so getting there is easy. However the restaurant is not consistently open, so don't count on room service or an on-site meal.

Wonderful whirl pool an environment

This hotel is in desperate need of a remodel. It’s very outdated, the chair in my room had oil stains on the arms. Patches of carpet missing.

I would recommend a different IHG property in the area.

The staff is very friendly, and the hotel is clean and comfortable, though showing a little wear. Breakfast is not served, though coffee is available in the breakfast area. We did not visit the restaurant in the hotel for any meals. We would suggest the hotel provide a continental breakfast option other than the restaurant for guests wanting a quick, light breakfast. We would stay here again on our next visit to the area.

It was a great stay other than the fact that continental breakfast was taken away because a restaurant was added. An expensive restaurant with only a la carte options to be exact. A hotel without continental breakfast drops in value.

I have posted and done this survey 4 different ways .. does anyone actually read what they ask for? Not if they follow the same protocol as their onsite staff who totally botched my stay here... will choose another hotel in same location next time I am in the area

I chose this property for the location and booked my room through the IHG app. My room has a constant banging noise all night and asking to chance was like asking for a million dollars.  Then upon checking out I learned the desk used all points instead of the way I booked it so I will never see my reimbursement from my company.....

This is not a quiet hotel. A lot of traffic noise and you can hear people in the rooms next to you and above you. The hot tub was lukewarm and the pool looked like it needed cleaning. The staff was not exactly enthusiastic about checking us in, nor did he acknowledge our IHG status or offer us any amenities. When we arrived the hot water wasn't working in the bathroom, but it was corrected by morning. This hotel will not offer you free breakfast if you use points to make a reservation...keep that in mind. Of all the Holiday Inns I've stayed at, this one would be the bottom of the list. On a good note, the sheets on the bed were soft.

First the TV didn't work and then when it did start it kept going out and in.  Netflix didn't work.  A TV should be put living area we had to sit on bed to look at TV.   Toilets are too low.

The bathroom smell like urine..... if I knew that the swimming pool and hot tub was out of order. I would of never stayed there.

a great place to stay. Room was a little warm as if the thermostat didn’t match with room temperature but not bad enough to be miserable. Overall a great place to stay. Staff was friendly just didn’t speak too much

They called ahead of time and had my room ready and clean when I arrived. Very friendly staff. Bed was comfortable . Room was clean. Would stay here again.

Very close to boondocks where we wanted to spend some time. Location worked out well for us.

Phone and TV did not work. Staff was not much interested. Room  carpet was dreadful - wear your shoes. We feel we made a mistake to stay there. The outside facade is the highest end of the whole place. Look elsewhere!

Staff was friendly. Bed comfortable. Very close to dining & shopping. A little outdated with no USB hookups to charge my cell phone. Spa jets didn’t work, so that was a little disappointing, but overall had an enjoyable stay.

Very clean and quiet.

Let me start by saying I never leave reviews and I am A Holliday Inn gold elite member, I stay at them all the time. Generally I am very satisfied with my stays but this one, not so much.
To start, this particular hotel changes a $50 incidental fee up front and that is not advertised in the nightly prices. This fee is returned but still this is nothing I’ve experienced at any other Holliday inn.
The carpet is dirty and has huge snags in it. The shower has hair in it, and the walls are smudged throughout the hotel. This may all seem petty but I’m just used to a cleaner experience with Holiday Inn.
Our room was on the 4th floor, which is where there steak house is. At first I thought this was pretty cool until I got up there and realized the entire floor smells like a grill. It’s not a big deal at first but eventually you don’t want to smell other people’s dinners while relaxing in your room. It’s like they need better exhaust in the kitchen.
The kicker was to wake up to no hot water. I totally understand that things break down, but we had to leave early to shower at a relatives house and at check out when I brought it back up, the second time, there was hit of an apologetic staff. We were just told that they didn’t know about it until minutes ago. Again I know things break but I would have expected the front desk staff to at least apologize for the inconvenience or maybe comp us a few bucks for having to leave to shower at a family members house.
I do not plan to ever stay at this particular Holiday Inn again. Over all I am happy with Holliday inn in general and will continue to stay at this chain. This particular one is just not up to the standard of the name.

My stay is more than normal for a stay.....this was home for 3 plus years!  And I have stayed at so many other locations because of this.  It is the people working there that make the difference.  The hotel needs remodeling very bad.  Carpet is not good in some of the rooms.  But it is people like Patrick, Mike and Kylie make the stay there feel like home.

I booked my son at this hotel for one night. I then called the hotel and asked that they charge my credit card which is in my profile. The gentleman who answered said they require my signature. I told him that I was in New Zealand on a trip and if they couldn’t charge my card I would book him a room somewhere else. He said everything would be fine. It wasn’t, they made him pay for it. I booked a more expensive room that included breakfast. He was told it was included. I called the hotel and they acknowledged that is was. However, they failed to give him a breakfast coupon and charged him anyway. I called the hotel and left a message for the GM almost 24 hours ago and still no CALL BACK! As a Platinum Member I expect better service! I can only assume that the employees at this hotel are either poorly trained, or just incompetent.
.

Special shout out to Jim at the front desk. He went over and above his normal duties. He was very helpful and very friendly.

Room was comfortable - the noise from the A/C was annoying
broken hair dryer, stains on carpet
staff is great

Very clean, easy to use Television
Easy to adjust temperature! Very comfortable room. Nice having a hairdryer and iron/ ironing board in the room. Great view from 3rd floor. Great location, with Great restaurants within walking distance ️

We have never seen this in a hotel room. The carpet was so worn out that there were 5 holes the size of basketballs that were completely missing in our room. The hotel really needs an update. We will not stay here again unless we are compensated for the amount of money we spent.

Key card didn’t work, got it fixed, still didn’t work. Employee walked us up and had to show us how to open the door. Hallway smelled horrible like mildew or spoiled milk. No AC in the room. Did not get any sleep.

I bet this is a decent hotel when it’s clean and the staff is nice. We had a bad check in experience (waiting 10 minutes before anyone was at the front desk) and even when they were there, they were super rude to us yet nice to others. We had to change rooms due to an awful smell in our room that we could smell from the hall even, and got put right across from the original room and it still reeked in the hallway (floor 3, 306 ish). Then the keys for the new room stopped working even though they were still in the paper sleeve, and they were apparently still attached to the old room when we went back down to fix them. 3 times at the front desk took almost 2 hours before we could ultimately relax, but every time we exited the room it still smelled super bad. Besides that the room we finally got wasn’t the worst, dated but clean (besides some beer bottle caps on the floor by the bed). Next time would absolutely pay the $30-60 for a better room wouldn’t stay here again.

Room was great but the wallpaper was peeling off the walls in the hallway

Great place low key and silent at night peaceful sleep mountain view is nice

Filthy room sitting chair, wouldn’t let my own mother sit in that nasty chair. Shower curtain was worn and weathered, tears in the room carpet, rattling room a/c vent. A/c was a joke… I laid and sweat all night long. Mattress was old and crushed down at bed edge. The hotel hallway smelled musty like an old Vegas (motel) and all the hallway walls were scuffed and scarred from damages through the years. My whole perception of a so called three star hotel is now a mindset of roach motel. I’d never stay in this hotel again if they paid me to do it. Ohh and the online reservations program they use purposefully changes your selected days when you hit the pay now button through (Expedia AND Priceline) software applications. The only way to correct it is to get one of their reps on the phone and all of a sudden the room price jumps $40 up from what it was.
Total crap experience.
Note: Holiday Inn clearly doesn’t care about quality anymore in this building and the whole building staff needs to be either supported by needed upgrades to this place or closed down entirely in order to protect the name. Having rooms like this is an embarrassment or should be.

This place was some of the worst service I've see in a long while. I'm just going to list these things off and leave it at that.
-The front desk person was not anywhere to be found for almost 25 minutes upon check in. Another customer and I walked in the offices looking for someone
-The pictures speak for themselves on the room, stains on the floor, the couches
-Requested a refund for the rest of my stay because I stayed one night then got a room at a different hotel. They denied me my money though I didn't stay there past the 1st night.

Terrible place, won't be staying at these hotels

Jim at the front desk is very polite and personable.
room was decently clean when we got there. only thing knocking a star off is that it was kind of hell on earth to sleep because the lowest you are allowed to set the thermostat is 65. but overall a nice hotel :)

Convenient for where we needed to be. Staff was fine. Rooms were clean. Not super updated. Do not get breakfast at the restaurant. Pool is large for an indoor pool!

The hotel is nice and comfortable.  Staff are polite.

Nice room and friendly staff. No free breakfast.

I was surprised with a suite instead of a normal room and I loved it. The hot tub was exactly what I needed to unwind after a long day of driving. Thank you!

Despite its proximity to the highway this hotel was pretty quiet. It was clean and comfortable, if not a little dated. The jets in the hot tub did not work, but it was nice. The kids adored the swimming pool! It was very nice to have in indoor pool with all of the storms that came through during our stay. The hotel was conveniently located to several grocery stores, restaurants and our conference.

Never in my life will I stay here again. I’m an IHG member. I always use Holiday Inn Express. I have an ESA dog who goes everywhere with me. I needed a room for one night and rather than book online, called the local number to ask if they charge for “ESA DOGS” stating I have a letter. The woman told me no charge and I booked it as it is close to work.

I arrived with my ESA DOG and two men were at desk. The very first question was “please confirm what I was told when I called before I check in - do you charge for ESA DOGS?” Two men said no charge and I proceeded. I notice they charged my card more than I was quoted and I asked, it was a refundable deposit. Fine, I was exhausted.

He ran my card, gave me my keys, and I started to go to room. The second man (Aaron who calls himself a manager) stopped me and told me I needed to complete the form for my service dog. I said I don’t have a service dog, as I told reservations and now you both one minute ago, I have an ESA DOG.  Aaron says “they don’t count” and I’ll be charged $30 additional dollars. I said no. You just checked me in and charged my card and NOTHING HAS CHANGED FROM A MINUTE AGO.

He said ESA DOGS don’t count (wow) and I’ll be charged. I kindly asked to refund me so I can go to the hundreds of places that do not charge. Aaron told me I’d be charged a one night cancellation fee if I left. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? He said reservations doesn’t know their policy. I asked what his excuse was and all he could say was pay the $30 or the cancellation fee or he will call the police.

So I emailed the “manager” Kylie that night. I didn’t sleep clearly. Couldn’t take my dog because of the intimidation of AARON who I feared. TV didn’t work and I couldn’t call due to AARON. SO I had a crappy room that stunk, no working TV, and no sleep.

Kylie replied a week later stating her cameras showed her I wasn’t intimidated by this disgusting man Aaron. I wasn’t getting a refund and the charge sticks. Says NOTHING about the fact that they lied. I didn’t lie. I was crystal clear that I had an ESA DOG WITH LETTER and 3 employees don’t know what the hell they’re doing. Nothing about their error. Nothing. I won’t go back to IGH and this specific hotel is filled with people who clearly claim one thing to get you screwed into a charge using threats and intimidation. FYI if you still decide to go…LIE. Don’t say ESA and apparently you’re good but let me say, please just don’t go. This is the worst service I have ever had at any hotel chain.

Also online says free breakfast. No breakfast. You have to pay separate for that. What a joke.

I'll go head give a 5
Little things was way off but for most part ok. It got us thru night headed home we are just IHG partial to staybridge... we travel lots and do IHG for business. One great thing was breakfast the girl waited on us was sweet and took very good care of us this am on Monday

We were in town for a funeral and this made the perfect stay for the event. Truly happy we chose to stay at this hotel. The staff is very accommodating and pleasant to deal with. I will stay here in the future when I come back to see family.

Hotel is in poor condition. The carpet is stained and wrinkled like there has been water damage. The walls are scuffed. The furnishings are old and in poor condition. Definitely NOT the usual IHG quality hotel. No breakfast.

Never in my life will I stay here again. I’m an IGH member. I always use Holiday Inn Express. I have an ESA dog who goes everywhere with me. I needed a room for one night and rather than book online, called the local number to ask if they charge for “ESA DOGS” stating I have a letter. The woman told me no charge and I booked it as it is close to work.||||I arrived with my ESA DOG and two men were at desk. The very first question was “please confirm what I was told when I called before I check in - do you charge for ESA DOGS?” Two men said no charge and I proceeded. I notice they charged my card more than I was quoted and I asked, it was a refundable deposit. Fine, I was exhausted.||||He ran my card, gave me my keys, and I started to go to room. The second man (Aaron who calls himself a manager) stopped me and told me I needed to complete the form for my service dog. I said I don’t have a service dog, as I told reservations and now you both one minute ago, I have an ESA DOG. Aaron says “they don’t count” and I’ll be charged $30 additional dollars. I said no. You just checked me in and charged my card and NOTHING HAS CHANGED FROM A MINUTE AGO.||||He said ESA DOGS don’t count (wow) and I’ll be charged. I kindly asked to refund me so I can go to the hundreds of places that do not charge. Aaron told me I’d be charged a one night cancellation fee if I left. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? He said reservations doesn’t know their policy. I asked what his excuse was and all he could say was pay the $30 or the cancellation fee or he will call the police.||||So I emailed the “manager” Kylie that night. I didn’t sleep clearly. Couldn’t take my dog because of the intimidation of AARON who I feared. TV didn’t work and I couldn’t call due to AARON. SO I had a crappy room that stunk, no working TV, and no sleep.||||Kylie replied a week later stating her cameras showed her I wasn’t intimidated by this disgusting man Aaron. I wasn’t getting a refund and the charge sticks. Says NOTHING about the fact that they lied. I didn’t lie. I was crystal clear that I had an ESA DOG WITH LETTER and 3 employees don’t know what the hell they’re doing. Nothing about their error. Nothing. I won’t go back to IGH and this specific hotel is filled with people who clearly claim one thing to get you screwed into a charge using threats and intimidation. FYI if you still decide to go…LIE. Don’t say ESA and apparently you’re good but let me say, please just don’t go. This is the worst service I have ever had at any hotel chain.||||Also online says free breakfast. No breakfast. You have to pay separate for that. What a joke.

First off the guy at the front desk was not wearing a holiday inn uniform which the hotel provides for you. He was dressed like the kid you used to see at the skate park in high school and didn’t say much at all. The hall ways and room smelled like weed, urine, paint and other unexplainable things. The beds felt worse then a horrible motel, all you felt where springs in the mattress. if you needed blankets or pillows for the pull out bed good Luck getting or finding them. On top of that there were bags of dog poop by the ice machine all night and never got picked up. Only reason we stayed is because we had a small dog and needed to stop, but at least you got good restaurants next door so that’s about it. I mean enter at your own risk!!!

This was our first experience at this hotel. It was convenient to our convention, but otherwise there isn’t much I can commend it for. Desperately needs upgrading. The bed was comfortable.

We weren’t in the hotel much, but it was a quiet , comfortable place to rest up in between events. Staff was friendly and helpful.

Mile high Madness is where I was...Then I walked into the Lobby and Threw Down my Chaos and Stress...Put my Hair up and Swim suit on , Hit the Hot tub...The Best!!
Went for a Swim and the let the fun begin ..The kids had cable and wifi too, No more Crying and No more Boo Hoo s..  It was everything I needed all Rolled Into one , Relaxation and Peace and fun in the Sun! And some Personal time for myself and my Hun.
So run don't walk to the Nearest Holiday Inn so that you may to Have your Fun Begin .

Late arrival was available and the hotel was clean, bed was comfortable. The front desk worker was preoccupied witn phone but got us checked in. Additional linen was not able at night. Not greater as a IHG member when I arrived

While the staff is nice and helpful the rooms are outdated and noisy. The air conditioning system is so noisy it woke me and my wife from sleep throughout the night. Once the a/c is going for a while it vibrates the room.

We enjoyed the property and especially the lady running the Grill on Saturday Night.  She did a fantastic job with no help.
Comfortable and we were able to get a good nights sleep.  
Property needs to be updated

Our stay was very disappointing. The room was not ready until 530p, the chair in the room was grimy and disgusting,  looked as if it was pulled from the dumpster. Overall, one of the worst experiences in a very long time.

Great service and great stay. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Staff was also extremely friendly

Needed to stay because of a situation at my house.  Front desk wasn’t super happy about being there.  Room was clean and cool, no issues with it.  Breakfast was weird, eggs were a funny color, lacked any flavor, but server was great.

They fraudulent charged me 150 dollars for smoking in the room we did not smoke in the room. I was not emailed texted or call my card was just charged. They said the cleaning lady smelt smoke in our room, however we were on the 4th floor that is not that big its one hall if we would have smoked in the room the whole floor would have smelled it. And why were we just charged and not notified...

By far the worst holiday inn I have stayed at. Bad customer service, no one was at the desk anytime I needed something.  I had an early flight in and the guy didn’t even let me know when it was ready,  The gym didn’t have ac.  None of the water fountains worked.  Breakfast wasn’t free, it was another floor of hotel.  Just overall bad experience.  They over hotel Felt dirty.

Good staff and very friendly. Everyone is accommodating.

Bed and pillows were uncomfortable offering little support. Staff was a mixture of pleasant and cold at times. Enjoyed proximity of hotel to dining options. Would not recommend for the price.

Very unhappy with the cleanliness of the room and grounds. Filthy carpets throughout. Weeds all over. Tile in bathroom falling out of the wall.

This location is priced pretty well for being 20+ minutes from downtown - which is why I chose it. It's clean and seems pretty new and has a nice staff at the front desk. The stay went smoothly --- exactly what I wanted. Thank you!

The location is great just outside of Denver and Parker has plenty of restaurants to choose from.

There was nothing about this stay that was pleasant. The grounds were overgrown and unkept. The hotel was dirty, smelled, hot, rundown and absolutely gross.

I have stayed here several times a year for the past 4 years. This hotel is tired and is in need of renovation. The bed linens and the pillows are very nice. The rest of the hotel is sub par. During my last stay in July the ice machine did not work on my floor, the huge potholes which had been in the parking lot when I was there in May were still not repaired in July. The weeds were over grown, the tv never worked. The printer in the business center was not working. Each time I stay here I have to have my key replaced because it stops working at least once. It seems as if the owners of the hotel just don't care about the maintenance.

I stay with IHG family hotels on most of my trips. This particular property I would not recommend. It has the potential because the location is good. Management seems to not care about the property. Management, I refer to the desk manager. We had several problems, none of which were given any importance, other than the four times our room key stopped working. The desk is manned by young people who spent most of their time drinking and smoking with friends in the rear parking lot. My room was right above the rear exit door and saw them out there drinking late into the night each night.

Quiet room. Good view. Stain on chair.
Clean room otherwise. No vegan options in restaurant. Out of several items on menu
Good maid service.
Clean Staircases
Not much tea selection in room.
Shower was good.

We just got home from a horrible experience at this Holiday Inn. While the location was extremely convenient, the hotel itself is EXTREMELY outdated, run down, DIRTY, musty, and overall in horrible condition. The moment I walked in I should have turned around and left. We saw peeling wallpaper that had been painted to try to fix the damaged to it (but instead the color was off and it looked like a kindergartener had tried to cover it up), carpet that was filthy and needed stretched and tightened, hallways that were extremely hot and humid, a strange smell permeating throughout all common areas, a lack of any USB outlets, landscaping that was untended with weeds growing around the property and a swimming pool and hot tub that was literally brown and seemed excessively dirty. I am still repulsed that we stayed one night in this place. We will never be back. I wish I could give negative stars.

The carpets in the hallways are buckling, which could cause a trip tripping hazard. Our room was horrible stains on the couch, visible stains stains on the carpet stains on the ceilings black mold around the toilet base smelled horrible. Told the front desk they did issue us a new room which was better but not for $250 a night 30 minutes from DIA. There are better hotels closer to the airport. Do not recommend.

Where to start. There was no greeting. The guy at the front desk was wearing t shirt, a hat and baggy pants licking his fingers from eating his lunch. All employees usually look sharp and well dressed. Not here. The room was absolutely disgusting. Dirty walls, dirty carpet, pee smell, pot smell, air conditioning barely working, and the hotel itself is extremely out dated. The beds are uncomfortable and probably the worst night of sleep of my life. I would avoid this property at all cost. If we were not so absolutely exhausted, we would have left immediately. I have stayed at hundreds of hotels and this was one of the worst.

The door for our room was hard to open. The privacy hook was broken. The bathroom shower handle kept falling off.

Ac didn't work in several rooms. When brought to front desk attention they knew but refused to change me rooms.

Lets start with no greeting, first Holiday in that doesnt greet. Location was good, they gave us a room that hadnt been cleaned, beds not made. Second room had no telephone, had to walk down to get wifi pw. Sofa bed was old and discolored. My room key kept deactivating(4x). Pool and jacuzzi were dirty. The water line against the pool wall was brown and greasy, same on jacuzzi. The managerams are young and were out in parking lot drinking and smoking with girls half the night. This place needs care and new management.

We really enjoyed our stay. Also if you have small children they have fun things to do in the area. Clean hotel with friendly staff and a good restaurant.

I stayed at the Holiday Inn Parker with my two sisters. This property is very old and desperately needs updating. The parking lot had very large potholes that were hard to avoid and dangerous if you had to drive through them. Front Desk staff was often hard to contact and several times we had to walk through employees' cigarette smoke when we went in or out the exit doors. The Business Center printer was out of ink and my sister was told they did not have any to replace it. Very disappointing experience for the money spent.

Have you ever wanted to weekend in hell without the pesky inconvenience of dying? Stay at this hotel- it will feel like eternity. If work hadn't paid for it I would be demanding a refund. The hallways are 110°F, the bar has the most inattentive staff I've ever seen, and they are always sold out of everything. They claim they serve breakfast, but it's at the overpriced hotel bar and not free- but that doesn't matter because they haven't opened for breakfast once the week I've been here.  My room didn't have an ice bucket, and when I asked in the lobby was told they had none.  The room TVs have internet, but netflix and youtube do not work on any of them.  Do not stay here, do not stay here,  do not stay here.

Perfect
Thanks

We had to Go out and buy a box fan to be comfortable enough to sleep. The thermostat said it was 68°. But it was not 68°. It had to be hotter. We could not stay in the room and enjoy relaxing and watching TV. We felt forced to stay out until after dark to make it through the night. We even opened up the window at night to bring in some fresh air because it was cooler outside than it was inside. There had to be something wrong with the AC. The hallway was muggy. The exercise room was unbearably hot. I stepped in there just to look around and they had fans around the room to try to cool it off. It felt like it was a room meant for hot yoga.

I don't even want to give this hotel a 1. DIRTY from the moment we walked in, should've left when we saw the lobby, and outdated. 3rd floor hallway dirty carpet, dirty walls, dogs barking at all hours and we were hit with a wall of Marijuana smell which seeped into our room (all rooms were marked non-smoking). When we called front desk staff to take care of the smell and barking, they were annoyed that we were bothering them and did nothing to fix the issues.
Once in the room outdated again, the carpets were torn with huge holes, gross worn spots, horrible patch jobs with carpet that didn't match, and once again dirty. The beds felt like they were from the 90's, you could feel each spring. The windows were filthy, barely could see out.
The TV did not work, when calling to front desk, again they were annoyed and rude! They suggested that we unplug the TV and receiver, when we stated we did that already he sighed heavily and said “I guess you can come down and get a new remote”.
One positive is that the bathroom was clean, obviously the housekeeping staff is trying to do the best with what they've got.

Nice sized room in a convenient location to restaurants, shopping and main roads. The room needed better lighting.  It was very dark even with all the lights on so it was hard to see to put on makeup, shave, read, etc.

I have stayed at a lot of Holiday Inns around the country and this may be the worst ones.  Everything is dated, we had a stained comforter, ants in the room. Holes in carpet. Only stay here if you have dogs.

We came in at group rate which was nice, but the hotel smells bad and is musty and warm.  My room smelt like urine and the staff wasn't happy with me asking for another room. Long story short I checked in at 12:30 pm and asked for a refund at 3:00 and they charged me anyway for checking in early!! Don't stay here horrible!!

Staff is friendly and helpful, the breakfast was amazing

Staff were very kind if maybe inexperienced. We were given keys to an occupied room, then told they had no rooms matching our reservation. Not a nice experience to walk in on a sleeping family and no concessions were made. They did switch us to another room for the second and third nights and that was fine. Outside of hotel looks great, lobby is nice enough. Hallways are dark and need major updating. Rooms on 2nds floor needed work, 4th floor were better.

Rooms and hallways are way overdue for renovation. Carpet in room had tears and very worn spots. Staff was very friendly and helpful.

room was nice but the lighting in the bathroom was poor and needs better lighting

This hotel should not be allowed to carry the IHG brand. Staff at front desk are unprofessional and rude. Property outside is full of weeds and potholes.  Exterior smoke trays are full and dirty.  As a Priority Club member since 2001 and having an IHG Mastercard I have cancelled them after our stay here.  Unfair price charging and General Manager is not guest friendly.   I would never recommend this property to stay at.  Guests have choices and this choice was a bad choice.

I don’t know what went wrong with people who had a bad experience at this property.
But for me, this is one of the best holiday inn location i ever had.
The morning front desk guy was very helpful. Let us drop our luggage before the checkin time.
Guided us about the local tour and gave complimentry breakfast coupon even though it was not included in our stay.
The server at their restaurant name Ashley was very kind. Being a vegetarian, i had very less or no option for the breakfast. She just brought me toast and pancakes. Made sure that there were no eggs used.
The night shift guy at front desk name Hunter was very cool too.
They are the people who goes above and beyond to serve their job.
In a nutshell, they made us feel like home.
I hope to see them again.

The hotel was quiet, comfortable, and had great service. Pool was open and available. Breakfast was offered and the bar/lounge at the hotel was good. Room was very clean and staff were polite and accommodating.

Staff was rude and not helpful. Asked for a larger room, was told only the Penthouse was available for an additional $200/night for our 6 night stay. I got online to their website, saw a room with a living room area and showed them that it said it was available and for only $10/night extra. Male employee was very rude, messed up our length of stay, didn’t listen to us and acted annoyed when we had to correct him on our length of stay. He never had a name tag on, he was usually in the back office and we had to always wait in line and make noise for him to notice us. The pool area was dirty, pool is very gross. People had written and scribbled in the scum on the tiles. We saw that and got out. Gross. I will not be going back to this Holiday Inn, nor would I recommend it to family or friends.

One of the all time worst customer services experiences I’ve had in my 50+ years.  The front desk (specifically Aaron) were rude, incompetent and terrible at providing customer service.  I would avoid this location like the plague based solely on the terrible experience I had today.. which is ongoing because their systems are down.  So rather than checking me in, I’m forced to sit and wait until somebody fixes something which they don’t have a clue of when that will be.  And they refuse to refund my money.  Shameful

This was a convention where we used the hotel and the meetings rooms. We found the hotel staff very friendly. Our maid was exceptional. We were in room 210, June 6-8, 2024. We were disappointed there was no free breakfast. We did have drinks at the restaurant but did not eat there. Parking was great and the parking lot lighted.

They tried to charge us for our room before we even got to the property without asking.(we made a pay at property reservation so we could start saving a year ahead of time for this trip), I stepped on literal metal in my hotel room in the carpet, it made my foot bleed when I pulled it out of my foot, and when I brought this to staffs attention his only response was that the house keeping try’s really hard, didn’t offer me a vacuum or anybody to come vacuum my room so we could walk around without having to wear our shoes on the carpet. They have offered me no help in these matters and I cannot get ahold of the store manager to help us get reimbursed for the double charge on our stay. We literally are not able to get our groceries this week for work and home and we are very lucky we made it all the way 13 hours home before they took all of our money we had left.

The maintenance of the building was sub par, especially with the AC and the door entry mechanism. Needs upgrade, especially for the price charged. Staff was generally very polite and helpful. Pool was good.

While the front desk staff were very nice, I was disappointed to find the rooms dated, the phone in room didn’t work, the Netflix didn’t work (they said it would be fixed in a few weeks), the air conditioning in the room didn’t get the room cold enough, and the air conditioning in the gym never worked at all for the multiple days of my stay. Although the location is convenient I would not stay here again.

Arrived late at around 10pm. There was no desk clerk present for several minutes. Finally got checked in. The next morning went to have breakfast and there was none, another guest said apparently you have to go to the 4th floor restaurant and pay for it, so I approached the front desk and again had to wait for assistance as the young man was standing outside smoking. Came in waited on us with sunglasses on (not very professional) I asked for a breakfast voucher and he asked what room I was in, I told him, he looked it up and said this room didn't qualify for a free breakfast......unbelieve after paying $172 for one night I couldn't even get a free breakfast, left and went down the street to pay for my breakfast. Very disappointed.

I checked into the hotel at almost midnight. The front desk attendant (Hunter) was very kind when I checked in. I was given the keys to my room and went up to the room that I was given a key card for. When I opened the door to my room and walked inside, there was already a guest that was asleep in the room. The other guest jumped out of bed, unclothed, and yelled at me. I apologized and quickly left the room, leaving both myself and the other guest very startled. When I went back downstairs, I informed Hunter of what happened. He apologized, gave me a key card to another room, and informed me that they would give me a full refund for the shock and inconvenience. When I checked out the next morning, I was informed by the new attendant that they would not provide a refund due to the fact that I booked through a third party (hotwire). I called hotwire to discuss the situation, and they called the general manager, who refused to issue a refund. It is reasonable to expect that if you stay here, you are not guaranteed safety nor security in the room that you book, and that empty promises will be made in order to retain your payment. I was very pleased with how Hunter originally handled the situation, but I was ultimately left less than impressed with the curt and unapologetic attitude of the morning attendant who refused to issue the refund as was originally promised the night before.
I would not recommend staying here.

The management company is running this hotel under the ground they only keep one person on staff during the busiest hours of the day and if he needs to go to the bathroom for 20 minutes then I had to sit in the lobby waiting for my card to be fixed so I had access to my room that's not the type of customer service you should be getting for $160 a night

I was just experiencing one of the worst bouts of luck before showing up at the hotel at 3:30 in the morning. Hunter listened and worked with me to get my situation taken care of, greatly improving the new day.  😁 Give this guy a raise!!

This hotel was terrible. We will never stay there again. To put people in a room with a filthy carpet that had big holes in it was terrible. That room should have been shut down for renovation!  The front desk was empty during most of our stay. When it was time for us to check out at 7:00am there was no one at the front desk. We waited for 1/2 an hour before we had to leave. When we went for breakfast at the restaurant there was no one to help us at 8:30am and when they finally came 2 of our meals were not delivered until we had to leave. And it was only toast because they were out of English muffins. We were with a party of 5 and 2 of us couldn’t even get to eat. The cost for small portions of scrambled eggs and bacon was ridiculous. We would have received the same portion and taste if we had gone to Mac Donalds. This experience left us wondering if we will ever book at a Holiday Inn anywhere.

This is the third time I’ve stayed here, I come into Parker regularly for training. I’ve never had anything other than a 5 star experience until this trip. The staff couldn’t be nicer, however, several issues with our experience this time will have us looking elsewhere on our next trip.
Our key cards kept getting erased, despite us keeping them separated from our wallets and phones. We had to go down to the desk and have them replaced 6 times in 3 days. We had the AC set at 65, but it was clearly not working, as it was so hot in our room, we could hardly sleep. At 8 am on Sunday morning, housekeeping knocked at our door. It was the only morning I had to sleep in the entire trip, and it was ruined.
I’m not sure why the quality of this hotel has decreased so drastically over the last year, but it’s very disappointing, as the location is prime for the area.

Checked in late on a Saturday evening with where i walked into a line of 3 people in front of me and waited for 20 minutes before i was helped. 1 staff member wasnt able to sufficiently handle what was currently going on. I felt bad for the guy.

Our second floor room smelled of mold and mildew . We asked to change room but we were unable to change The hallway had a very bad  mildew and was very hot . The staff each day were not very friendly .  The housekeepers were friendly though .

Madison at the front desk was very helpful.  Limited menu and drink options at Trappers.  Rooms are starting to be a bit worn.

Great hotel, just need better coffee & creamer or at least more early in the morning. Area of coffee should be a more tidy. Other than that I love staying here. Hotel restaurant I would have to say the staff should pay more attention to customers, then making personal drinks for themselves. Restaurant food is amazing

The rooms were just okay. The lighting in the bathroom is super dim. It wasn’t bright enough to put on any makeup or really do my hair. There was a CD clock in the room that didn’t work, which just added to the dated feeling. I forgot my CDs … back in 1995  Their was also a funky smell on my floor - not in the room but the hallway. That being said, the room was clean and the bed comfy.

Unfortunately,  we will not stay here anymore.  We only stay at motels that offer continental breakfast which this motel no longer offers.

I would never stay here, it was 200 dollars a night and not a good experience.  We could not wait to get up and leave the hotel.  If I could have viewed the room prior to booking I would never have booked.  Smoky smelling…..Do not stay here….

Checking into the hotel had to wait for someone to come to the front desk as no one was there to greet you. Interaction was pretty grim overall went to the restaurant on the fourth floor. We were actually getting up to leave the restaurant because it took 15 minutes for someone to even acknowledge that we existed. Finally someone come over and got our drink order. Our table was filthy. Look like somebody had peeled duct tape off of it or something as it was extremely sticky. Was a little ridiculous. For the prices that they charge you figure you would’ve actually gotten a good meal, but it was comparable to a high school cafeteria grade food.  Went to our room which had giant holes in the carpet towels, not folded bathroom very mediocre clean. Not sure that I would stay here again.

The title says it all. It was disgusting and took nearly 45 minutes when there were 8 people (total) present in the restaurant. Everything was bland, beige, and tasted like unsalted butter/ cheap oil. The orders were all wrong and were missing various components. We were so grossed out we walked out after a few bites. Service was equally terrible, with no one checking in and forgetting most of the drinks for over 15 minutes. Again, there were 8 people in the entire restaurant with at least 4 servers present.

No continental breakfast. Only kids ate free!

I had my family of 4 for a leisure trip to the area. We chose this one as it was close to a venue we were going to while there. Overall the staff was good and friendly and treated us well. The pool area was sufficient and allowed us to relax during the evening

I’ve stayed here many times over the years, primarily for its proximity to the Colorado Horse Park. The rooms are clean and comfortable but staffing is slight. Housekeeping did not restock necessary items. The hot tub jets don’t work. No one would answer the phones (both front desk and restaurant). There’s no way to order room service- no menus, no phones answered. Besides all of this, the pricing is good and overall was a fine place to spend a few nights.

I went to this Holiday inn for quiet and peaceful time. I initially was going to stay for one day and ended up staying for three. He's quiet. The hotel stuff were pleasant. 470 wasn't too loud. There's food really close. I had a good stay.

The hotel was very clean and the resaurant was very nice

I’ve stayed here about 20 times over the years. Although the rooms are still pretty comfortable, it’s going downhill. Housekeeping was poor- didn’t leave any shampoos, etc., there’s no literature in the room, no room service menu or other, no pen/paper, which I actually really needed. I tried to call both the restaurant and the front desk to order room service or at least ask about it, but no one is answering either line. It’s 8:00 pm on a Friday. I’ve tried calling each number three times. The phone in the room doesn’t work. I was excited to use the hot tub, but the jets don’t work. The rates were good, so I shouldn’t complain much, but it’s time for a facelift!I will continue to stay here due to its location and proximity to the Colorado Horse Park, and as I said, the rates are relatively low. But I’m sorry to see it sliding downhill.

Give this hotel a 5 star review and thank the following staff for my stay, their service, their extensions, their grace, their hard work, their kindness, and their beautiful presence.

Manager: Brian and/or Brian - Handsome, leader, calculator, planner, silent observer, professional & respectfully matches energy. Giving, kind, passionate, understanding.

Front Desk: Madison - Very smart, nice, young, beautiful, patient young lady.Woke w/ spirit, mind, body, and soul.

Front Desk: Noah - Very intelligent, cutie, young, professional, woke w/ spirit, mind, body, and soul.
Front Desk: Patrick - Very Observant, responsible, caring, protective, learner, researcher, Night Owl, attractive.
I personally apologize for misreading our energy at times I was very stressed from my own issues and reality.

Any staff not mentions my apologies and I've tried to get to know each of you and tip when I could. Also restaurant on 4th floor as well. The food and THEM ARE AMAZING.

HAVE A GREAT loving, caring, joyful, amazing, spiritual, adventurous, creative, grounding, safe, joyful, nice, collective, good, hilarious, sweet, androgenous, weekend. Thank you for YOU. I love you and I KNOW you love me. ❤

The bed was so unbelievably comfortable that myself and my wife slept great for the nights of our stay despite the other issues that were encountered. The other reason for staying there was the proximity of our kid’s house for little travel during our visit.

Good clean hotel to stay at and close to where I needed to be.

excellent stay in all aspects. Clean sanitary and neat.

Had to stay one night...amazing staff...super quiet and the beds were very comfortable. Loved the blackout curtains...

My stay was uneventful, which means I was in and out without many problems, which is what I look for.  Location was close to the facility I was attending.

This is one of the Best Holiday Inns that we have had the pleasure to visit and stay at. The staff was so accommodating and friendly. We had a great nights sleep in a very comfortable and clean room. You would be very pleased also. Great location.

The room was fine, stayed warm even though the a/c was on and honestly the beds are terrible. I woke up with my back hurting.  They need to upgrade their mattresses and check the HVAC system, it looks nice on the surface but I probably won't stay here again.

The best

Great hotel. Will stay again. Great area with lots of options for shopping and eating. Bathroom was very clean and room was very clean.

Rooms are comfortable and cozy, with a couch area on the side. Beds are super comfy, entire room is a Spanish motif, entirely clean.
All front end staff are professional and friendly.

Love the selection in the snack area, and be sure to check out the restaurant on the 4th floor.

I usually stay at Holiday Inn Express because I like to have breakfast before heading out for the day. The Parker location is NOT an Express site so I purchased the 'breakfast' option. Trapper John's restaurant, which is present on site, lists breakfast hours as M-F 6 AM, Sat Sun - 7 AM. I found the restaurant closed at 7:05 AM Sat and went to the desk. The staff at the desk told me the server hadn't arrived yet and they didn't know if she would. The chef WAS present and they offered to prepare a room service breakfast for me (because of the package I purchased). The server finally showed up and I was able to eat the breakfast in the dining room (although I had to find silverware). The food that the chef prepared was awful (a burnt omelet) but technically, the hotel provided breakfast. On Sunday, the restaurant was closed again; when I went to the desk I was told that the server had not yet arrived and they didn't know if she would. I could not wait and left the hotel (and purchased breakfast elsewhere .. .there's a LOVELY restaurant in Parker called 'The Perfect Time Cafe'. . .I heartily recommend it--they open at 7 AM 7 days a week and serve breakfast, lunch and dinner.) At the Holiday Inn, I asked if the manager was aware of the restaurant's failure to provide breakfast and I was told the manager doesn't work on Saturday/Sunday. When I checked out on Monday I asked for the manager, again. He wasn't expected until at least an hour after my departure (the restaurant was open at 6 AM and I had a delightful breakfast). P*****k, the staff at the desk on Monday morning was combative and insisted that breakfast was available 'only 30 minutes late' on Sunday. P******k did credit my account for Sunday's breakfast charge but his demeanor remained angry during the entire exchange. When I was about to leave, I asked if we could discuss customer service. P******k said, "I just arrived, I was in a bad mood, I wasn't ready to deal with you. I don't feel well either'. Parker's Holiday Inn should not offer a package that they cannot support. . .. and P*****k should probably find a position in which he doesn't have to front face the guests. It's too bad the restaurant's failure and the bad attitude of one employee colors my review of the hotel which was really lovely.

The gentleman at the front desk went above and beyond in making me feel welcomed, at home, and ensured I had and excellent stay.  Well above par fitness center and restaurants right night door and breathtaking view of the Colorado Rockies.  I will without doubt stay at the same hotel every time I'm in the region.

The suite we got was amazing, the jacuzzi tub was gross and dirty but other than that it was great. The trappers restaurant attached was absolutely horrible and wouldn't recommend to anyone but the hotel it's self was good.

We had room in the lobby area for private conversations, able to watch the Superbowl on their big screen and plenty of hot coffee, and inexpensive and clean. There was plenty of parking and they had a restaurant on the top floor, but they also had other restaurants in walking distance.

Comfortable bed, nice shower, pool and hot tub open till 11pm! Kids had a blast. Coffee was nice and hot. Customer service was awesome. If we are ever traveling to Parker Colorado again we will be staying here again.

Clean rooms, clean hotel, friendly staff.  Good location and close to shops, highway, restaurants.

Very nice/comfortable/clean  hotel.

Nice hotel.  Not very busy.

Enjoyed the room, excellent location, great value. Beds comfortable. Quiet except for some loud plumbing. Rooms need updating (80s decor) and better lighting in the bathrooms, but were clean and in working order.

This hotel was poorly supplied with accessories and no access to trappers restaurant for breakfast. Having us go to another hotel for coffee because you were out was inexcusable

No free breakfast. Misleading advertising in booking.

Due to a household emergency we couldn't stay in the home. The hotel was a perfect home away from home!

Leaving another review as an update on the problem that was never solved. Stained floor and dirty bedding with what looked like blood on the sheets and pillow. After being told we would receive a full refund for the room that we DIDNT stay in. Management ended up refusing a refund. 100% would not recommend anyone waste money here.

Great stay in comfortable clean and quiet room - fantastic dinner at Tappers!

There was no staff around anywhere when we arrived at 4:40 pm. When the young man did arrive at the front desk, he had no name tag or uniform and did not great us as IHG rewards club members. Not a great first impression.

The room was very nice, comfortable, clean and quiet. It was everything we could ask for on our one night stay for a family event in the area. We would stay here again but hope the front desk staffing becomes more professional and friendly.

Beautiful place just the issues with the room was so discomforting. I would of expected more attention to resolve the issue, but nothing was done!

The hotel is in need of a remodel.  We have stayed there many times.  The people at the front desk were not very friendly.  In the past, I was always able to obtain a room upgrade, but not this time, even though the hotel had a low occupancy.

The staff at check-in were very blaise and it seemed like I was bothering them.  No recognition as to membership or anything.  Also the beer selection was terrible and $2.75 for a small bag of cheetos.  There was not resturant or bar service on Monday which I would think would be one of the busier time after guest check in.

No continental breakfast. Ridiculous charge for incidentals. The elevators smelled like smoke. When I went to the onsite restaurant to look for breakfast I found no one to help me.

Hot Showers, excellent bathroom amenities. Clean room and the bed was very comfortable. AC worked great. 4th Floor Restaurant served a fantastic omelet at breakfast time.

Clean but too expensive and no breakfast

Check in was polite and quick. The room was clean and attractive. Trappers bar was good. The server Aka bartender, was great! Attentive and friendly. The next day, the only issue with anything, the maid was entering room before my check out. I was sleep and woke to someone trying to open the door. Once back in bed, the noise of the maids outside the door and the restaurant above made it impossible to fall back asleep.

Always satisfied with this property centrally located for business. Clean and Comfortable stayed here plenty of times. Recommend to all. Staff very pleasant.

Older facility that is reasonably well maintained.  The bathroom was clean and in good working order.  Carpet definitely needed cleaning.  Most Holiday Inn Express locations offer free breakfast with your stay.  I understand there is a hotel on property and that often is why they don't, but for the price of the stay it would be a nice option.

I enjoyed this hotel and the staff was very nice and me rooms were clean and the shower was wonderful also. Say what you will. This is a pretty solid location so I will probably be staying here again if I'm in that neck of the woods

Solid location with a really good staff!

The rooms urgently need a makeover. There's a noticeable musty scent and everything feels dated. The table was sticky, and the TV rarely worked – it might be wise to bring your own TV stick. Turning on the air conditioning introduces an unsettling cigarette odor. The carpets are stained and seem to have seen their fair share of pets. Breakfast at Trappers on the 4th floor has its issues too. While the hotel mentions a discount with the room key, the restaurant staff insist on a QR code. This miscommunication is frustrating. Moreover, some of the Trappers staff could benefit from a refresher in customer service. It would be good for Holiday Inn's management to take a closer look at this property.

Location was great.  Room was clean and bed was comfortable.  Trappers Restaurant was very convenient and the server there, Annabella was great. Nice quiet place to stay. Close to highway, ready on and off.

Nice place and comfortable beds. Staff was very nice and very helpful! Great location and easy to get to.

Convenient location, but the staff were not friendly. Additionally, it looked like an animal had been locked in my bathroom and tried to claw its way out.

Very poor customer service from the start. We will not be staying here ever again. Bed was not very comfortable. Staff seem to be annoyed Every time we came to the desk to purchase items from the little snack area. Just terrible customer service.

Less than 5 minutes from Parker Adventist. It was clean, reasonably priced and had a really courteous and kind staff. Amenities were nice, Keurig, mini fridge, and safe in the room. Nice size smart flat screen but apps were impossible to install and connect. Seemed to be internet issues with the TV. Regular channels were available though.

Kamers zijn niet bijzonder schoon en de gangen met die vieze vloerbedekkingen, je wordt spontaan allergisch voor huismijt.

Great hotel a d good service

We had a short stay, but absolutely loved this hotel!  It was beautiful and very clean

Staff was wonderful but the building is looking a little worn. Time to invest since you charge a small fortune to stay in Parker Co. Trapper's bar & grill was great.

Need a getaway near the mountains then look no further. The staff were welcoming and the rooms were clean. My only drawback was that we weren't able to stay longer and make use of the restaurant facilities. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Parker.

Located the property via web search and was pet friendly. The pet area was short walking distance across parking lot. The hotel was quiet and clean allowing for rest and relaxation

Overall our stay was good.  The room was outdated and furnishings were older.  The carpet and furniture both had several old stains.   However the bedding and bathroom were clean. We had two rooms because the TV didn't work in the first room, both rooms were in the same condition.  The staff was.great and very helpful.  With some room updates this hotel could be very nice.

Can't really recommend this property as it seemed to be purposely attempting to deny published IHG One Reards benefits.

Stunningly, this property claimed to not know about the IHG Rewards Diamond Breakfast benefit:

1. The desk associate at check in said that free breakfast for Diamond members was not rolled out yet.

2. The Manager on duty claimed she had never heard of it, and that no one had ever asked about it before. She then provided a different voucher that did not comply with the published IHG Rewards Diamond complementary breakfast terms: limited to one beverage only, not the published "unlimited alcoholic beverages" per the IHG website.

Room location was unacceptable, room was dirty and requests for repairs to room phone was never addressed.

Me and my boyfriend came here for a weekend getaway and we loved it. 
The only thing was that the hot tub was not working and the curtains in our room had stains all over them.

Room was nice and clean. Staff was very polite.  Nice facility

Couldn’t have been happier. The location put us easy commutes to three events we had scheduled. The neighbors were restaurants. Safe, sound and peaceful. Will book here again when we return to Parker.

All staff has been very nice and friendly! Maria, our housekeeper was great! She took great care of us!

Hotel in a lovely out standing area 👌 the service and quality of service could have been a lot better room not serviced on second day of stay staff not very helpful they were short of staff however the restaurant next door food and service outstanding

Double queen room for one night was $200. Has all the features including a refrigerator, and was clean. However it had a musty smell, and the wall thermostat did not work (changing temperature did nothing, fan set to on did nothing. Unit only kicked on and off randomly with large temperature swings. Overall, had much better stays in budget brands.

Very clean, good service, but older interior and fitness center was not well maintained.

My mom books me a room but because she isn't with me Even though we have the same last name and I have the credit card with me I can't stay here.

Desk clerks unable to answer questions and help with issues, unkind and not helpful

The room was clean and the bathroom was excellent with great water pressure. The restaurant on the top floor is casual and makes a decent drink. But the AC system in the room was not very strong and the windows did not open very wide, I could not cool off the room enough to be completely comfortable.

Great hotel and adorable. Only con I have is the funk in the room. Was a little unbearable until your nose adjusted to the smell.

No regular coffee or creamer in the room, no hangers, no extra down alternative pillow, not sure laundry bag/service is available. No laundry bag present in the room. No microwave.
Plenty of parking. Saltgrass restaurant next door. Easy to find/ access property location. House keeping is good. Mini refrigerator in room. Staff is friendly. Rooms are clean. Dog friendly.

I've been to a lot of holiday inn, and this one was by far the worst! I'm fine with older, but the spa has been broke for months apparently, front desk guy was rude, carpeting wet going to bathroom, curtains had holes all in it ( we had been up for 40 hrs and we're going to bed early), t.v. didn't work, mattress sucked, coffee maker broke in am when we got up. No complimenty breakfast which I can live with.  Don't stay here!!!

Feels like home.  Everyone from housekeeping to the front desk trats me like family.

Old, tired and dirty hotel. Worst hotel (Holiday Inn or other that I have stayed in).  No breakfast, no front desk upon checkout, and generally a stinky, musky dirty hotel.  Fitness center was very smelly and dead air - fan/air conditioner was off and it was behind a locked device so you could not turn on the air.  TVs are like 27 inch monitors from  20 years ago.   There has to be better hotels in the area, stay there instead.

My stay was great friendly staff the rooms where clean and neat I was able to relax very well during down time. Location was good. Breakfast at hotel restaurant was very good and very good service

We love staying at the hotel when visiting family in the Denver area. It has easy access off E470, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the beds are very comfortable. The rooms are clean and quiet. I enjoyed swimming in the pool.

No breakfast in the morning like other holiday inns if u want breakfast u have to pay for it and go to 4th floor bar n lounge to eat food is for drunk people

I would recommend this location to anyone. Other great dining opportunities nearby.

The beds were comfortable but the pool was so cold my kids couldn’t swim for long. The hot tub was broken as well. The hotel smelt like paint as the were remodeling and nothing was stated in the website about the remodel.

Room was nice and rather spacious. Fitness center was very good.

Restaurant isn’t open on Mondays and I wouldn’t have stayed there if I knew this ahead of time.  Otherwise besides this the stay was fine.

Had to go back to the front desk multiple times as key did not work. Strong smell of varnish in room and hallway.  Can hear rood traffic most of the night

This hotel is in a great location. The staff was VERY nice and the room was comfortable. The only thing wrong was there was a tile loose in the bathroom, but other than that it was a wonderful experience! I did not get a chance to try the restaurant but will be back!

Older Holiday Inn. Nothing out of the ordinary. It had carpeting in the rooms and the wall paper is a a brown/yellow retro color. Seems relatively clean.

They are a bit stingy with the shampoo and conditioner, however you can always call and ask for more. Tiny little dove bottles - so I guess that's nice.

I have a few local friends who say that the area is not the safest. You might not want to leave any valuables in the car. Since I was traveling with skis I was told to take them up to the room to avoid getting the car windows smashed. Nothing happened, but it's weird to hear that.

It was ok for one night. Little old. It was the least expensive near Denver.

We really like the property the surrounding areas. I was not greeted as an IHG plus rewards member and that kind of upset me. But the front desk lady was nice. The room was very clean although dated. I enjoyed using the ironing board and iron that were provided.

We booked a suite, but were given a standard room. Upon discussion with the hotel staff, they lied and said that we booked incorrectly despite my email confirmation to the otherwise. The hot tub is also broken, and appears to have been broken for a long time, so don't plan on enjoying that unless you like a cold plunge pool.

The room was clean and well stocked.i was traveling with a pet and their were no issues as far as getting checked in quickly,  and the staff was helpful and polite answered all my questions and made the check in process quick and painless

Great room! Awesome staff. Clean, comfortable, and cozy. Thank you for a great experience.

Front desk customer service is excellent. Room are very clean and comfortable. I was able to relax and have an amazing time. Bathrooms are clean.

Worst service I've every experienced at a hotel. Called ahead of time to check on when check in and check out time, also if there was a hot tub to use. The lady that answered said check in is at 3 and the hot tub was available. Get there at 3 and check in isn't until 4, so we wait an hour to check in. Finally check in and one of our cards don't work for the room. Get that taken care of and go to the hot tub which has a sign saying it's out of order...

Clean hotel good staff.

It does need some renovations,hot tub was not working, and there's no breakfast served, very expensive restaurant top floor, they give you tickets for a breakfast plate there.

"Full service" property did not offer as many or as nice of amenities as HI Express properties I more frequently visit. A surprise and dissapointment.

Older decor but very clean and staff was extremely friendly

Great staff.....hot tub needs to be fixed.  But the staff is awesome and Trappers is great

Desk clerk was nice. But, Unfortunately, not impressed overall. Considering what we're paying... No comp breakfast. Hallway carpets dingy. Chairs in the room badly stained. Carpet in the room has stain spots. Sofabed grimy and worn out. Hot tub out of order. Swimming pool too chilly to swim in. Not like the pictures on line. Very disappointed.

Do not stay here they are extremely racist!!! You was warned..

We had business meetings at this location.   The room was large enough.   Useful.   Had access to projector to attach to laptop.   Coffee was provided.   Good to have restaurant and rooms available.

This is a great place to stay! The suites are HUGE and comfortable. Everything is always very clean. We stayed here the night before having our newest baby since it is right next to the hospital. My extremely pregnant wife has some very specific requests for food and Trappers delivered. Literally. A lot of times, we go here just to eat at Trappers. It's amazing. Friendly staff, fair prices, great hotel all around. Highly recommended.

**Update on 2/19/23. This place is SO outdated. The internet wasn't fast enough to use Netflix on the smart TV. Which was like 30". Took our kids for the night to go swimming only to find out the pool/jacuzzi heater is broken. Would have been nice to know when booking as I would have just went to the Holiday Inn closer to my house. Pool was 50 degrees. No free breakfast in the morning? The bed RUINED my back. And my wife's. We won't be back until they update, unless we are just going to Trappers for dinner. That place is still awesome.

The only issue you I had was people being loud and able to hear everything that made it hard to sleep and stay a sleep. The employees that were there were friendly and helpful when I needed anything. I have another room booked for next week at the same location.

Bad Front Desk Service, they were unaccommodating and Unfriendly. Not quarters for the washer or dryer for 3 days and when asked for a banana I was told "Not before 6:30 and we only offer breakfast for a limited time" I was very disappointed in my experience.

Absolutely  one of the best experiences  I have ever had with a hotel.

For work or play, this is my go-to hotel location for the Denver/Aurora/Parker area!  It sits directly in the middle of it all, right off of E-470 for quick access to a ton of major dinning and shopping areas when you want to get out and adventure yet be able to dodge the hustle and bustle of the city when it comes to getting good sleep.   Also has an AWESOME steakhouse on the 4th floor.  Especially nice for those of us who have been traveling all day and would rather dine in!  And complete with the option to take drinks back to the room if you wish!  The calm and friendly staff always make for the best travel experience.  This hotel truly is the perfect blend of all my family and/or work travels.  VERY safe location!!  1000% recommend!!

We experienced the hardest beds I’ve ever slept in and I travel all across the country staying at mostly Holiday Inn. Hot tub cold.

Unprofessional, calling for a receipt and the front desk person hung up on me. I called guest relations and they had no issue requesting a receipt, the front desk could've been nicer and just told me to go straight to guest relations

This was a great place to stay. Was just bummed that we didn't get out breakfast at the restaurant there. They had a no-call no-show. The hotel manager was amazing though to take the breakfast off of our tab. Also note the restaurant are separate business.

Smooth operation, and clearly upgraded restaurant experience. The people could not have been friendlier. Belinda particularly in the restaurant was wonderfully welcoming and delightful to spend time with. The food quality and value was unexpectedly great. This is a real hidden gem, and if you lived in the area, could easily be on your list of considered regular restaurants.

Great hotel

Everything is great, except cold pool and pool room temperature.

As a place to rest and relax it’s perfect. Just wasn’t any compliment breakfast in the lobby

This was a great experience will definitely be returning

Awesome food and staff!

The location and amenities offered by this hotel fit our needs perfectly. It was comfortable, quiet and centrally located. We enjoyed our stay.

Rooms was clean and cozy.. very nice stay .. I recommend this hotel

We stayed here because it was a great middle point in our travels. The rooms looked like they used to be very nice, but haven't been taken care of completely. The pool and spa were fun. The two things that I love the most were the kindness and quality of service, and that you were able to check out games at the desk to play. We played Candy Land!

Our stay at the hotel was fantastic. The room was large and super clean. The staff was always available if we had any needs, and the location was perfect. Couldn't have asked for a better overall experience.

The room was dirty and the carpet was fraying. The hallways didn't look to be vacuumed and just looked dirty.

My daughter and I stayed at the Parker Holiday Inn. The staff was incredibly nice, although they seemed stressed. There was no breakfast because someone called in. The room was pretty but a bit abused. Curtains torn, lamp shade damaged, couch and carpet stained. No hand soap. Bed was pretty stiff. Linens were clean and nice. Pool was fun. Hot tub great. You can borrow games to play. Overall, not bad- just needs love.

stayed there last weekend with my husband .. in the morning went to get both of us some coffee and breakfast .. I was informed by the front desk that they do not serve continental breakfast but they do in the restaurant in the building .. I asked for a voucher and again informed they DO not hand out vouchers .. now I know for a fact that IHG and Holiday Inn are suppose to serve FREE breakfast.  but guaranteed I will not be staying at that facility anymore

I must tell you that this is a very beautiful place to eat, live and have fun.

I travel frequently for work and could not recommend this hotel any more enthusiastically! Great location, easy access to Denver, Aurora, and Castle Rock. Excellent room quality and service all the way around!

I've been staying at this hotel for about 12 years. The staff has always been amazing. Recent it sold to a new owner and I was skeptical about returning. I have to say the owner kept the love of the old place and have made it better. Trappers still needs improvement(on the food quality, not staff). Kepp going!!! It's going to be great

I haven't stayed in a Holiday Inn in many many years but I was extremely pleased with this location! The room was huge, very clean and decorated beautifully. The hotel staff was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to be friendly to me throughout my 3-day stay. The bed was extremely comfortable. I visited Trapper's restaurant upstairs twice for dinner and I thought the food was decent and the fun 80s music, relaxing. The hotel lobby was decorated beautifully and I enjoyed the free coffee and tea downstairs throughout the day. I will definitely be coming back!

Nice location and facility. Restaurant not aleays open. Also strange it is on top floor. But food was good and staff friendly.

Room was clean... thermostat said 65, was more like 75 in there. Tried to turn it down but thermostat is limited to 65. Was a hot long night, instant relief to get out!!! The breakfast upstairs is "ok", I would highly recommend just going to a restraunt outside the hotel, it will be better food and cheaper!

Only problem with room was the air conditioning. Didn't really work. The desk said they did a reset on it and it still didn't work

Clean nice hotel.  was happy with my stay.  I have stayed here before and will stay again.  Employees have always been good and rooms are always clean and well maintained.  IHG is my preferred choice for hotel chains for a reason.  Nice and affordable.

Corporate pilot, rooms were quite and comfortable.  Hotel very clean and comfortable.  Staff was friendly.  Other restaurants in the area as well, traffic in the area not heavy. Could use additional plug ins/charging ports next to bed.  Kureg coffee machine in room huge plus as I like my brand of coffee

I made a last minute reservation. Arrived late and was greeted by a friendly person.
She checked me in quickly and I was in my room in no time.  Coffee in the lobby was great this morning.

Arrived late with no reservation. I was a tired truck driver looking for a place to stay after a long haul late at night. Shanna took such great care of me even went outside to check of there was room for me to park my truck and trailer. I can say how enormous this was and made my week! Thanks Shanna! Your amazing! Great hotel as well, room was comfortable and clean! When I'm in the area, I know exactly where I will be staying.

I enjoy my stay with my family. I recommend this hotel with family friends. I give this rating a 10.

We really were treated well. While we normally stay in Holiday Inn Express to get the included breakfast, we were pleasantly surprised at the wonderful breakfast we received in the restaurant. The rooms were clean and the staff attentive.

We were in the area for a surgery that was getting preformed across the street. The room was overpriced and absolutely gross!! We only stayed there for approx 7 hours so my kids  and I didn’t have to wait in the hospital waiting room.  Stains and burns all over the carpets. Furniture was chipped and super worn out with grease stained on the arm chair that was intended to be green but now was brown on the arms and seat area.  One of the beds had an ink stain and an orange mark on the comforter that appeared to be crayon.
When checking in we waited for 15 mins with no one at the desk at all. Then we were charged more than what was quoted on the phone in reservations. Trying to call the hotel to see why were charged  more money and no one had picked up the phone in over 3 hours of trying to call the front desk!
Super disappointed in the service and quality of the room.

Staff attitudes were horrible! Their restaurant on the second floor was closed. So eat before you come. Also OVER PRICED WITH NOT EVEN A  CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST!

Convenient location, but was expecting more for the price. Room was outdated and the air conditioning did not work. Hotel restaurant took last call at 8:45.

I put on my 2x to small swimming suit just to go downstairs and see a sign that says pool is closed for cleaning. Yet nobody at the front desk mentioned that the pool was closed.

Thank you to Holiday Inn Staff on helping us find the perfect meeting room for an impromptu Family Reunion for 35.   The staff was very helpful!  Our reunion was a success!

Pleasant! Friendly and Kind!

Great service. Amazing beds.

Awesome weekend staff.

beautiful hotel .. the rooms are super clean that fills me with a lot of tranquility ... thank you .. the girl at the reception super friendly .. I will surely return .. thank you 🙂

Understaffed, room coffee maker was terrible, room is smaller than other locations.

for the most part, the hotel was clean

Great hotel on bypass around Denver, near the airport, nicely furnished, with a restaurant on top and others nearby. We stayed over the 4th of July and had the best fireworks show from our room. Definitely reccomend and will stay there again.

I lived the hotel and even better view from my room. I would definitely recommend this to other people when I’m asked. This is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed at!

Great stay. Having to add more to a short review is too much. A have said enough and am just wasting time.

Loved the big rooms and Trappers Bar and Grill!! Front desk help was very welcoming and friendly!! The staff in Trappers were the best ever!!Great happy hour! Amazing food and drink!! Very good location...Thanks all for the great stay,we'll return!!

Inspiration Suite.

Did not like the fire detector hanging out of the ceiling. The carpets needed shampooed desperately!! The woman at the front desk.  When I went to get my key was rude.  I had started my check in threw my email. I had to get my confirmation number. The rest of the girls were Excellent!!

If the AC had not had to be reset (hot in room) and I would not have had to travel a toll way to get there I would have given higher rating. Older looking place with all the carpet, small mini fridge had  no freezer so icepacks cod not been re frozen. Restaurant had ok food.

The hotel exterior and public areas were very nice, the room however needs updates. Dog barking next door, cigarette burn hole in comforter, shower curtain in dire need of replacement, carpet dirty stains visible and worn to the backing near the bathroom. Shower faucet separating from wall and lighting in bathroom awful, debris under bedskirts (found later in stay). Had to request extra towels because only 2 provided with a 4 person stay.

Went there for a meeting in the seminar rooms only..did not see the facility otherwise

We had a wonderful experience and enjoyed our stay.  Shana was great and went over and beyond to make us comfortable.

Absolutely amazing staff and helpful too! Only complaint a warmer hot tub!

This is a great motel in a very convenient location.  The rooms were clean and spacious.  The rooms do not come with a continental breakfast, however they have a reasonable breakfast at the Trappers restaurant.  We only stopped in for one night however room service for multiple night need to be requested.

الفندق نظيف وجميل جدا معامله طيبه من الطاقم سرعة في أداء المهام والطلبات.
كل الشكر والتقدير للطاقم العامل عليه. ولنا عودة في القريب ان شاء الله لا نغير عن هذا الفندق😍

Отдыхала в мае в этом отеле. Очень хорошие номера, уборка каждый день! Удобное месторасположение. Работники ресепшн помогут во всех вопросах. Завтраки потрясающие, лично мне хватало на целый день.  Всё настолько свежее и вкусное! В кофемашине кофе. Молоко и соки. Мне очень понравилось,обязательно вернусь сюда. Спасибо всем

ممتاز على حسب السعر راااائع ومكانه يجنن ونظافه وموظفين الاستقبال ولا احلى بالمعامله والابتسامة دايما

The staff speaks very bad way
most of the rooms are with old tv which nothing connects to it
and when i asked for rooms with smart tv i was replied to with a very bad attitude.
was a indian guy who replied did not get the name or i would mention it here.
there was a better way to reply back and anyone would accept it.
But the way i was spoken to would never recommend coming here or speaking to any of their staff.
if there was 0 star would use that.
Thank you

I have stayed at the Holiday Inn a few times and am very happy with my stay. For the price point offered by the property, everything is exceptional. Thank you

ممتاز

At first as I was away from my family i did not feel good but the room Dendi booked for me was amazing especially at night their warm welcome and helping nature made my stay not just comfortable but I was always happy as I know there is a help. Ikka was the who guided even foe my travelling metro without hesitation. My husband booked this stay for me. I was saying why this..  but after I arrived here every staff member had smile on their face whether it's breakfast area or cleaning staff.|Thank you for this hospitality. I am glad my husband booked my room here. Special Thanks to Ikka and Dendi

very nice

I booked the hotel because I had a few business with ADIB business branch which was a few minutes walking away from the hotel. the overall, the hotel is a great choice, quite and exceptional staff.

Prefect stay and management so good nice location easy to access all the location room was nice clean with nice smell

I had a very disappointing experience with Holiday Inn Express Safa Park.
I originally booked a one-week stay through Expedia, which went smoothly. However, on our last day, my friend—who I was sharing the room with—was involved in an ATV accident and suffered a broken arm that required surgery. Due to this medical emergency, I extended our stay for an additional week.
Unexpectedly, my friend was discharged from the hospital just two days later, so we checked out early. I immediately worked with Expedia to cancel the remaining unused nights (3 days), given the circumstances. Despite this being a genuine emergency, the hotel staff showed no understanding or compassion. They refused to accommodate the request and charged us in full for the unused stay.
The complete lack of empathy during such a stressful situation was extremely disappointing. Instead of supporting guests during an emergency, it felt like the situation was taken advantage of.
I will not be returning to this hotel and would not recommend it to others.

Need better rooms they require some uplift. Location, staff are wonderful.

Thanks for everything and I would like the lady in the reception but I don't know here name really helped me and I asked here if I can stay more with same rate and next day she call me and she give me same rate but my plan to stay already changed by me

The location of the hotel is well. It is so close to Burj Khalifa. The staff is friendly and helpful.

Very poor service don’t want to reply or refund despite the geopolitical situation.

افضل استقبال وتعامل راقي خاصة من الاستاذ عامر

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel and truly enjoyed the overall experience. The staff were very accommodating, friendly, and always ready to assist with a smile.

I would like to give special thanks to Jessica and Ika for their excellent service. They were both very kind, attentive, and made sure everything was perfect during my stay. Their warm and professional approach really made a difference and made me feel valued as a guest.

The room was clean, comfortable, and well-maintained, and the entire stay was smooth and stress-free from check-in to check-out.

Thank you for the amazing hospitality. I would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to staying here again.

This hotel is only one train stop away from Dubai mall, walkable to train station, very convenience to move around, as a Holiday inn, it maintained good standard in every aspect, a nice place to stay.

Home away from home.
Excellent hospitality, clean and neat property.
Best location.

Нас привезли в отель и в отеле нам предложили варианты размещения и мы посмотрев номера выбрали. Нас было 1+2 и 1+1 (взрослые и дети). 
Обслуживание отличное - сотрудники стараются, отель хороший. 
Питание нормальное и пища не острая. Пляж далеко и туда нужно на трансфере или пешком полчаса-час вдоль набережной или на такси (мы ездили на разные пляжи).
До Бурх-Халифа пешком около получаса неспешным шагом и по дороге есть супермаркеты. До метро минут 10 пешком и мы много ездили на метро по Дубаю.
Всё понравилось как в отеле так и в Дубае.
Перед самым отлётом началась военная операция и нам пришлось немного задержаться - в данном отеле и потом переселили в другой, но отдохнули мы замечательно.
Мечтаем снова вернуться)

The staffs are amazing and the location is perfect  its very near to a metro station

Just a short walk from Business Bay Metro Station, a convenient and affordable way to get around Dubai.For breakfast, the hotel offer  a mix of hot, cold, savory and sweet items. Healthy options are also available such as yogurt, cereals and fresh fruits. Overall 4/5 rating.

Stay was nice! Enjoyed the place and very convenient. I have no issues with my room and place.

No bell boy, have to take luggage by self, no one to help, discourteous staff, food quality not upto the mark, small rooms and extremely slow and reluctant staff. Booking confirmation number: 6737.791.182

Мы не смогли вылететь вовремя из Дубая из-за конфликта в Иране. Авиакомпания поселила нас в этот отель.|Спасибо за помощь в эти пять дней. Номера небольшие, но комфортные. Хороший шведский стол. Спасибо любезному официанту Шэмсу за сервис стола.

Eso. Aunque el gobierno de Los Emiratos dijo que pagaría, la extensión de mi estadia por la guerra y cierre del aeropuerto y el puerto ellos no lo aceptan y me obligan a pagar por cada día adicional.

An amazing hotel with gorgeous atmosphere and nice people) 
Thank you for service and hospitality!!

Forever yours,
Pauline and Katrina
-

An amazing hotel with gorgeous atmosphere and nice people) 
Thank you for service and hospitality!!

Forever yours,
Pauline and Katrina
-

We stayed at this hotel for seven nights. The hotel was quite comfortable, and breakfast included a diverse menu. Server named "Shams" provided excellent service during breakfast, which we appreciated. The only drawback was that the rooms were very small for a team of three; otherwise, everything else was fine.

I was really happy to stay this hotel...there was great and soo nice everything and  thanks mr sayeed

We had a good experience with the staff. Hotel was in good location. Food was great. Shams was really helpful.

Thank you so much for staying at your hotel. It was unforgettable!!

Ei kyllä mitenkään ole 3 tähden arvoinen ennemmin 4 tähden arvoinen palvelu on todella hyvää mukava henkilökunta sijainti hyvä ainoa miinus on se että huoneissa ilma on hieman erikoinen pyyhkeet ei tunnu oikein kuivuvan niissä

This hotel is a 9 min walk to the nearest metro stop (Business Bay). The hotel room was very clean and breakfast was a buffet with plenty of choice. Service during breakfast was very good especially from Shams. I spent 3 nights here and would recommend this hotel

Sayeed demonstrates excellent attention to cleanliness and organization. He ensures that rooms are well-maintained and neatly arranged at all times. His teamwork and friendly personality make him a valued member of IHG Holiday Inn Express Safe Park Resort.

Потрясающее обслуживание в ресторане, Cher Hussain отдельная благодарность. Нашел общий язык с малышом во время обеда, очень добродушный и улыбчивый парень.
В целом отель отличный, локация хорошая, В номере были проблемы с посторонними запахами, к сожалению решить не смогли.

Room is very clean and sayeed was great and the entire crew kept the place near and  tidy for us hotel is very good this hotel is a very nice

Thank u SHAMS for your service! 🙌🏻

Good neat and clean room , nice bed sheets fresh one used and daily good quality of shampoo and body wash. The breakfast was not with great variety but good enough and of top quality which is important. Fresh fruits , salads 👌..enjoyed my stay ..location not ideal but pretty good as close to metro and highway ..if that’s what someone prefers 👍

We would like to thank Ahmed-Manika from reception for their kindness and outstanding service — always helpful and welcoming.||Chef Hussein prepares a fantastic and diverse breakfast, with great quality and plenty of options every day.||And a big thank you to Sayeed from housekeeping for his gentleness, attention, and for keeping our room perfectly clean.||The team’s hospitality made our stay even more special. Highly recommended!

Shams excellent service . Should keep him and hire more employee like him

Good service by shams ✨ very friendly environment

It was great experience to stay here very clean rooms and excellent service in the restaurant thaks to the reception chan and delhin, also to monika shes attentive and helpful thanks to ahmad and shams, we have great stay

The hotel is well located and the service is good. At breakfast, we were served by Shams, who was excellent.

The hotel location is good clean but I didn’t I like my room at all I felt like in a box over looking other rooms so I cannot open the window, but the best part was the staff are friendly especially chef Hussein was very helpful nice and decent and Sayed from the housekeeping

Great service, beautiful property and rooms.
Breakfast is great, Chef Hussein is going awesome job in maintaining variety of dish every morning

efficient staff deployed for on time delivery of most of the requested items

Eski kalmis bir otel

Very beautiful stay for 2 days . Deepisha was our room cleaner every day. Very kind or honest. We love to have here. Sayeed also helpful person

Perfect stay for a family holiday !!

Chef Hussain did a wonderful job at providing us the food we wanted at breakfast, we enjoyed the experience completely.

Husien sheif is the best best food backers

hotel was great! service was great! happy to served by ahmed at the breakfast bar and a south asian chap (unfortunately i forgot his name) at reception. location is a bit out of the way so you’d need to drive/taxi/uber to conveniently get to places.

Thank you, Shams, for your kind hospitality. You were friendly and courteous, providing everything I desired. I felt like I was staying in a 5-star hotel. Thank you to the entire team, but a special thank you to Shams because he is a kind and respectful person. I hope to visit again.

Sayeed is very humble and very professional in his work.

Nice Experience! Courteous & helpful staff - kudos to Monika

Very Nice Experience
Today was My wife’s Birthday
They surprised us with nice cake 💐😄

Wonderful ful place and staff .. they recognised my birthday and kept a sweet celebration 🎉 that was cute 🥰 thanks Monika 🥰

Good hospitality by Monika.

thanks sayeed for every thing

Great customer service. Everyone is so polite and accommodating. Wonderful breakfast - so many options and they even made special ginger- lemon tea for me.

The hotel is clean , the service is great and Shams at the restaurant was very hospitable and helpful. Overall nice experience

I had a great stay at Holiday Inn Dubai. The hotel was clean, comfortable, and well organized. A special thanks to Shams for his outstanding service—he was professional, friendly, and very helpful throughout my stay. His positive attitude truly made the experience even better. Highly recommended!

Everything about this place is just perfect, a cannot miss hotel.

Thanks so much

Mohammed is very gentle and kind. Brought us everything we need! |The breakfast chef was amazing too.

The staff is very nice and friendly.
Breakfast has diversity but no pancakes 😅
All good!

We stayed between 8-10 of February kitchen person very  kind and friendly, I would like to say thank you to chef Hussein for specially birthday cake and the other person,

It was a wonderful stay at the hotel.
Special thanks to the receptionists for their availability and openness, and to the housekeeping team on the 4th floor specially Sayeed.

It is a nice stay, also staffs are very friendly especially sayeed

Sayeed was great to have in house keeping. Our stay was nice . We will come back again. Thank you

Location great. Food great. Room cleaning staff (Sumit) exceptional!

Wonderful Breakfast spread, taste and quality. Special mention to Chef Hussein for checking into everything and exceptional customer service and interaction.

I was really thanks to Sayeed because he is cleaning my room it was soo good sine...I am  soo happy with housekeeping team...thay are soo kind support and helpFull overall soo cool....thanks everyone  🙏 and thanks to Muhammad also 💕

Very good breakfast 👌 special mention to Mr Sham from Egypt really active and friendly .....the best ...receptionists also really nice .....will be back soon

Everything was awesome including hygiene, hospitality, and food (breakfast...) . I do appreciate Angel for her kindness and help 💓
I will definitely book this hotel whenever I want to come to Dubai, I highly recommend everyone who looks for nice , clean and friendly place to stay during their travels 😊

I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel — everything was great and the experience was amazing. I would like to thank the entire staff, especially Mr. Shams, and the Chef for the delicious food. The service was excellent, the atmosphere was very pleasant, and everything was well organized. I truly had a wonderful time and would definitely love to come back again.

This place is amazing… The STAFF ( ALL of them )  are very helpful, the LOCATION is near the Metro station, one station away from Dubai Mall . I mean if convenience is what you’re looking for this is the right place 😊

Вас встретят приветливый персонал, который поможет вам со всеми вопросами. Мы попросили номер с хорошим видом, так это было романтическое путешествие. Нам помогли и старательно искали номера. По итогу, все получилось и нам дали прекрасный номер с видом на Бурдж-Халифу. |Номер хороший, чистый, убираются каждый день - независимо оттого просите вы или нет(специальная табличка на двери). Любые бытовые вещи вы можете попросить по звонку, все выдают сразу в номер. Вопросы решаются быстро(утюг, стирка, второе одеяло, доп.полотенце)|Еда здесь отличная, мы брали завтрак-ужин. Мяса много(3-4 вида), гарнира много(около 3 видов), соки, чай, кофе, молоко. Еду можно брать с собой в номер(выпечка, йогурт). Было вкусно всегда, сравнивать с чем есть. |Местоположение отличное, 30 минут по красивому Дубаю и вы на Бурдж-Халифа. 10 минут и вы на главной ветке метро. Остановка автобусов тоже 10 минут. Магазины 10 минут(еда, вещи)Day to Day(20 мин). Метро ваш спаситель любая точка города будет вашей за 30 мин благодаря ему(если не хотите такси)|Вообщем отель очень понравился - рекомендую. Не пожалеете.

Overall, we had a good stay at the hotel. When we arrived, the room was okay and comfortable, but it could benefit from some upgrades to make it feel more modern. Everything was functional, and the stay was pleasant.The atmosphere was quiet, and the experience met our expectations. With a few improvements and updates to the rooms, this hotel could be even better. I would still recommend it and would consider staying again.

Good service m.r shams thank you do much

Good service me shama thank you

A very comfortable hotel in a central Dubai location, making it easy to get around the city. The room was cozy and well maintained, and the breakfast offered a good variety. A special mention to Chef Hussein for his friendly smile and warm welcome every morning. Shams at the buffet restaurant also delivered excellent service. truly appreciated.

Очень хорошие 3 звезды. Уже не первый раз в холидее останавливаемся, все нравится 👍 за завтраки отдельное спасибо шеф повару Hussain🤝

Very nice and comfortable hotel lpcated in the middle of dubai. Every place is close from here.
Rooms were comfy and breakfast was good for a 3 star hotel.
Shams in a buffet restaurant provided great service, really appreciate it. Thanks

We had a great experience in Holiday inn Dubai. Great service and help from Shamse

We had a wonderful stay at this hotel and couldn’t be happier with the experience. From check-in to check-out, everything was smooth and enjoyable. The room was cozy, clean, and very comfortable. The staff were incredibly welcoming and always happy to help, which really made us feel at home. The location was perfect, everything we needed was close by and very near to the Metro. We would absolutely stay here again and highly recommend it to anyone visiting the area.

Вежливый персонал, все работает хорошо. Есть парковка.
Тапочек нет, халатов нет. Но может так и должно быть у трёхзвёздочного отеля

Вежливый персонал, все работает хорошо. Есть парковка.
Тапочек нет, халатов нет. Но может так и должно быть у трёхзвёздочного отеля

Good place, price is good but the smell in the room was not the best.

Nice clean business hotel. Special thanks to the good service from Shams

المعاملة ممتازة
لمن لا يعرف اللغة الانجليزية يوشج شاب سوري اسموا عامر بساعدكم
وجبة الإفطار ليست جيدة
خدمة الإستقبال والغرف جيدة جدآ
الموقع الجغرافي جيد 👍 ( ليس بعيدا عن المدينة )

Stay was superb room always maintain clean thank you sumit and kailash for your help😍

I arrived in Dubai and am staying at this hotel. The place is very nice and comfortable. I recommend it to everyone. Mohan cleaned my room 159, and the cleaning was very good. All the trash was collected, the sheets were clean, the towels were clean, and they even cleared up the mess I made on the table.

I had a very pleasant stay at the Holiday Inn in Dubai. Sumit, the housekeeper, was extremely kind, respectful, and professional throughout my stay. The room was always kept very clean and tidy, and he paid attention to small details that made a real difference. His positive attitude and hard work truly added to the comfort of my stay.

Great location to accsses around dubai. Clean room. House keeping Mohan perfect to support

Sehr gute Mitarbeiter am meisten sayeed und mohan sehr nett und sehr höflich.

sayeed

العزل ضعيف
لا يوجد روب وادوات الحلاقة
ولا يوجد حذاء خاص بدورة المياه
والسرير واغطيتها لم تكن مغسولة
يجب غسلها بعد كل زيارة نزيل
مع أني حجزت منهم بعد الفجر إلى الظهر
أخذوا مني حساب يوم كامل وأكثر لأني لم أحجز من الموقع

We had a great stay. Location was perfect to stay cool. Resturent breakfast was had choices. House keeping team ( Mohan ) doing great job to keep room clean.  We prefer this hotel in dubai for stay comfortable .

Sayeed excelent

Excellent work from housekeeping team especially sumit and kailash thanks for your assistance

thanks kailash and sumit for your best work

Otel çalışanları güler yüzlü ve yardımseverdi. Memnun kaldık,kahvaltı gayet güzeldi. Ulaşım da sorun olmadı. Son gün uçağımız geceydi,valizlerimizi bir odaya koydular ve güvenle günü geçirdik. Çok teşekkür ederiz, bu bile çok önemliydi bizim için. Tavsiye ederim.

Beatiful stay. Good break fast Seattle service by hotel.. Mohan provide good información.

Good atmosphere of the hotel. Staff are well knowledgeable. All are helpful. Specifically thank you to Mr. Mohan for his kindness attitude. Overall service are great. Small shop near reception attracts us very much. Seattle service also in advance booking.

Hotel is conveniently located about 7-10 minutes walk from the red line metro.  Room was clean and bed was comfortable. ||Special thanks to Angel who honored our membership status and let us check out late so we were able to add a half day tour before checking out.  Chan also helped us to navigate the public transportation and was very helpful. ||One star less because the shower was too small and water leaked whenever we showered.  The bathroom floor got wet even after we used the foot towel to block it.  That made us a bit frustrated.  Also, air conditioning was a bit too strong.

good service. room was clean vishal. all staff are great Mohan was also helpful

Mohan and Sayeed  , very friendly and helpful.
Fantastic.

Zayeed provided me with excellent service and friendliness.

Nice work from Sayeed keeping the room clean

Good service, beautiful breakfast and friendly

Had a good stay at holiday inn. Staffs were very good..especially Sumit.

Best Location. Clean rooms. Great service. Located at 10 min walking distance from business bay metro station where you hv some options for lunch and dinner. Also at a 10 min walking from the Dubai canal Board walk, a peaceful location for an early morning or night stroll. Staff is friendly. Breakfast spread is limited but still good options available. ||Definitely recommended. Very good hotel.

Sumit the housekeeper is so nice and helpful and courteous.

Mohan: the evening supervisor is so good that he always helpful

Staff is very accommodating, especially sir Sumit. Good food and good place. Very relaxing and everytime I come back to my room it’s clean.

Maravillosa la atención, el joven mohammed es muy atento y amable

Awesome rooms and great service!

距離捷運車站大概1公里，飯店的房間冷氣無法調溫，早餐很棒

Great value hotel with an impressive included breakfast. The location is ok and a little removed from attractions and major services, but the quieter area is nice. It's pretty close to a nice colorful waterfall feature at the Canal Bridge waterfall along Sheikh Zayed Road. The nearest metro stop is about a 20 minute walk away.

1. I was booked from booking.com with different prices what I payed on the reception. 
2. The breakfast was bad quality and not fresh.

Mr sayeed and sumit cleaning my room it was so nice I was really happy …and there all are very kind housekeeping  thank you so much everyone and thank IHG

Service man Mohan was so helpful and kind :)

Good location well clean room. Breakfast dinner every thing was nice and quiet taste. Mohan was informative person from house keeping.

Sumit war jeden Tag für uns da. Das Zimmer war immer schön sauber und wir haben uns sehr wohl gefühlt.

Very good service by Sumit, every morning he would help get whatever needed.

The best man for house keeping is Sumit we stay one week everything is good i like this hotel and good location

Sayeed in house keeping has been prompt and cordial. Other staff members have also been polite and prompt.

Sumit is good attitude and good service employee. I like this hotel

Sumit was very friendly and helpful.

Mr. Sayeed cleaned our room today.He is very courteous, efficient am very happy with his work

Excellent overall service especially Sayeed who was very kind to us

Hi !  I stayed at Holday Inn Safa park with my family.The purpose of visit was vacations in dubai.The Rooms were clean but small which is quiet understandable.
The location of the hotel ia in prime location just 2kms away from burj and dubai mall.The services were  nice both for restaurent and room serivce.The restaurent i feel was little short staffed especially during the morning as i could see only 2 people in the restaurent .But still the experience was pleasant.I would like to mention the chef ghambeer he made sure that all the food we ordered was nicely made.

훌륭한 숙소였습니다.가격 대비 훌륭한 컨디션과 고객 응대에 만족스러운 숙박이었습니다.다만, 지하철역에서 거리가 조금 있다는 점은 아쉬웠지만 가격을 생각하면 납득할만한 수준입니다.

Excellent service, friendly staff, top notch breakfast buffet spread. Simple and filling. Value for money.

Had a very comfortable stay. Sayeed was extremely helpful and resourceful with everything i needed during the stay.
Good location and staff

Housekeeping sayeed every good service provider. We are happy with way he is treating us.

Min was the worst check in personnel. Holiday inn doesn't seem to recognise the UAE pass ID whereas the gov of UAE does. Disappointed with the service and will advise against anyone from going there

I stayed for 5 days and I really recommend this hotel. The room was huge and clean. The complimentary breakfast has variety of options and I receive complimentary water every day. The staffs were attentive and helpful. The location was great since it was only one metro away from Dubai Mall. I would definitely stay here again.

Good breakfast and Good service. Near to the business bay station . 3km from Burj khalifa

I stay around 10 days this 10 day mr sayeed  clean my room it was amozin service ...and je asking always if u need anything i give u so overall very nice thank you mr sayeed

Good man Sayeed

They provide good clean room. We are 3 people. Sofa bed already inside. Iron or all amenities provided by staff. Mohan supports lot. Happy to stay in holiday inn. Thanks

I really liked the hotel, Mohan was very kind and took great carr of me

Best place good service. Thanks to Mohan and sayeed to arrange everything.

Отличный отель. Отличный персонал. Спасибо большое всем за отличное обслуживание!|Встретили на ресепшене очень гостеприимно, в номер заселили быстро. Номера оснащены всем необходимым, уборка ежедневно.|Место для сна ШИКАРНОЕ! Ортопедический матрас и очень удобные подушки, белоснежное постельное белье.|Завтраки в отеле очень понравились, огромный выбор блюд и напитков, спасибо большое шеф повару, всегда интересовался всё ли нравится.|Расположение отеля на 10 из 10, до метро 7 минут пешком, до моря 7-8 минут на такси.|Спасибо огромное всему персоналу отеля за отличное обслуживание!!!

This was my second stay at a Holiday Inn property, after a very good experience in Hong Kong, which is why I chose Holiday Inn Express Safa Park for our New Year holiday in Dubai from 29 December 2025 to 9 January 2026. I stayed with my wife and our 3-year-old son, and overall it was a pleasant and comfortable experience.

From the beginning, the staff were very friendly and helpful, which made us feel welcome throughout our stay. One small but very thoughtful detail I really appreciated was the cold water refill machine at the reception — extremely useful, especially in Dubai’s weather.

Our package included breakfast. The quality was good, but the variety was almost the same every day, which felt a bit repetitive during a longer stay.

The rooms were clean and comfortable, suitable for a family stay. However, the furniture and bathroom feel slightly old and would benefit from renovation. That said, everything worked properly and did not affect our comfort.

I would also like to specially recognize one of the cooks at the restaurant who is from Kerala, India. Unfortunately, I didn’t get his name, but he was extremely friendly and welcoming, always greeting us warmly and making us feel at home. Lots of love from the Maldives!

Overall, it’s a nice, family-friendly hotel with great staff and good value for money. I would definitely consider staying at Holiday Inn again in the future.

Room was great . Break fast was also nice. Room cleaned everyday..I take bus for beach they provide me service for beach. Thanks to Mohan for making me feel like home.

Short stay comfortable bed. Offer sofa bed..iron everything was perfect. Mohan was great to help.

This was my second stay at a Holiday Inn property, and once again it was a pleasant experience. My first stay was in Hong Kong, which I really liked, and that’s why I chose Holiday Inn Express Safa Park for our New Year holiday in Dubai from 29 Dec 2025 to 9 Jan 2026, traveling with my wife and our 3-year-old son.

The staff were very friendly and helpful, which made our stay comfortable from the beginning. One small but very thoughtful detail I really appreciated was the cold water refill machine at the reception — it was extremely useful, especially in Dubai’s weather.

Our package included breakfast. The quality was good, but the variety was almost the same every day, so it did get a little boring over a long stay.

The rooms were comfortable and clean, suitable for a family stay. However, the furniture and bathroom feel a bit old, and the rooms would benefit from a renovation. That said, everything worked fine and overall it was still a good experience.

Overall, it’s a nice, family-friendly hotel with great staff and good value for money. I would definitely consider staying at Holiday Inn again in the future.

I’m happy with the service. Kailash and Sumit do a very thorough job with the rooms! Definitely worth staying.

The room was cleaned by Sayeed very well. I have got enough tea and sugar and water, everything is enough for good stay in hotel room.

Love it thanks MoHAn

I had awesome experience. And great views nearby. Also great service.

its flexible to all..

Thank you for your lovely service Mr Sayeed.

clean room with fresh. comfortable stay nice staff . Mohan is the one who help us whenever we need from house keeping

Overall experience is ok. It is worth the money you paid. It is just a little far from the metro station.

The reception team was very good. They allowed me extra time for check out as my flight was a bit late and they also took care of my luggage which i placed at the reception.

All over ok but over prized, comparatively it’s too high as per location and start rating as well for room size . So should consider for the pricing etc 
Limited food options as well which must be worked 
All over experience was ok 
To find connectivity is easy

Sayeed Очень хороший обслуживающий персонал, очень внимательный и делает свою работу на отлично👍🏼

Sayeed thank you

Sayeed he so nice service in my roomm he is so ki kind I really appreciate him helpful overall nice

Am still here with my family. Rooms are spacious,room service is excellent,Sayeed is a great fellow.
We gonna stay for a week, though breakfast isnt so exciting.

Great work housekeeping team. I really appreciate with the work of kailash, sumit and  bishal. They are most humble, polite and honest with their work. Thank you for making my stay more comfortable. I like to visit this hotel again.

Its nice hotel and Sayeed was very good staff

Sayeed was very helpuful, a very good attention and nice service

Todo ha sido increíble, Sayeed fue increíble e hizo la limpiado diario :)

Very good instalations and People very nice , Mr Sayeed very simpatic person.

Very good location and a great service from Sayeed. Thanks for everything :)

Had one of the best check ins with Gerrimae she was Very knowledgeable and guest oriented.
The rooms and washroom are clean.

My stay at Holiday Inn Express Dubai Safa Park was excellent and exceeded my expectations. The hotel offers a perfect balance of comfort, cleanliness, and convenience. Its location is ideal, with easy access to main roads, business areas, and popular attractions in Dubai. The room was spacious, tidy, and very comfortable, making it easy to relax after a busy day.
The highlight of my stay was the outstanding hospitality from the staff, especially Sayeed. He was incredibly polite, attentive, and always ready to assist with any request. His positive attitude and professionalism truly reflect the high standards of the hotel and made my stay even more enjoyable.
The breakfast selection was fresh and satisfying, and the overall atmosphere of the hotel was calm and welcoming. I would highly recommend this hotel to both business and leisure travelers and would happily stay here again in the future.

Good price good location best breakfast. Room always clean. All necessities is there. Kailash and Mohan great to serve

Mohan was the best service. Happy new year

Perfect location and a great breakfast selection. Big thanks to Chef Hussien for the wonderful food and friendly service. The staff were very hospitable and made me feel welcome throughout my stay.

Mohan is good service

Sayeed and Mohan both are the bestia. We are happay with breakfast familia enjoy the hotel services

Mohan Очень хороший отель и персонал. Благодарность который убирает номера , очень хороший человек

Sayeed was very helpful in assisting us with our room needs like assembling the sofa bed

Mohan and Sayeed

Sayeed did the house keeping. He is very sweet and humble. The room was ready to use every day we came back after touring the city
All our belongings were untouched
The hotel amenities suited our needs
The catering staff at the breakfast was helpful

Best service Mohan

Nay el muchacho que me atendio, muy atento y profecional. Quede muy a gusto con su atencion y el servicio a habitation de sayeed miy bueno

Sayeed جو حلو ومعاملة حسنة

Lata świetności hotel ma już za sobą. Pokoje są już podniszczone, widok z okien nie najlepszy, w łazience przydałaby się naprawa kabiny prysznicowej, przy kąpieli woda wypływa na łazienkę.
Na plus śniadania, są wystarczające na początek dnia, do wyboru soki, woda, kawy, herbaty, dania na ciepło i zimno, owoce, jogurty.
Dostępne są jednorazowe kapcie (trzeba się upomnieć) i żelazko (trzeba się upomnieć).
Na 4 dniowy wypad, żeby pozwiedzać Dubaj, może być.
Przystępny cenowo i parę minut od stacji metra.

Worth of money.cool place smart staff. Mohan was fast and quick to provide services

Very polite staff! At the reception,at the breakfast and at the cleaning service

Sayeed is the on of the best hotel workers i have met. Kindly and friendly

Thank you Mr. Mohan and Mr. Sayeed! House keeping was very attentive and the breakfast was great. I would definitely stay here again.

Sumit / Kailash  very helpful house keeping guy sayeed

Saeed was a great house keeping with a big smile 😀

Mr sayeed he is very good service in my room thanks ur amozing service houskeeping are very help full ..kind ever staf i really happy

Супер расположение
-

Супер расположение
-

The place is comfortable, clean, close to burjkhalifa and also the metro stations, the food is delicious and all the staff are friendly

Its a nice place to stay. The Staff   is so friendly and food is so good.

Mohan was really helpful and willing to always support for any query related to housekeeping

Sayeed was very great service in my room …I was really happy thank you ur amozing kindness

Sumit & Kailash has very good Service 👍

Sayeed Top👍👍👍👍

Sumit and Kailash and other people are very good and the service also very good

Thank u soo much mr sayeed you are the best

Really good facilities and service. Particularly like the cleaner’s service. Sayeed was excellent during the duration of our stay!

الخدمة جيدة وخدمة الغرف ممتازة وبالخصوص الاستاذ ابراهيم والشاب الوسيم سعيد

Mr sayeed was good service in my room

Security guards not good

Great place. Good food. Keep doing what you are doing.

Thanks alot for hospitality and welcoming and special thanks to sayeed

We have a wonderful experience with this hotel, holiday inn express Safa park. From arrival to check out. Receptionists are nice welcoming, room service guys are clean and neat. The restaurant people are professional and the chef HUSSEIN  is very welcoming and serve very delicious dishes. He is always following to make sure everything is fine and we used to have special egg with cheese and FOUL dishes from him. All the best and I strongly recommend this place for others

We had a memorable stay there, from 15th to 22nd Dec 2025. We got an early check-in (room available at 1 pm) on our arrival and a room with a view on the Burj Khalifa (big plus!). Plus, since we were checking out early morning at 4.30 am, we asked and obtained breakfast packs for each of us.||The location is perfect, with a 10 minute walk to the Business Bay metro station (1 station away from Burj Khalifa/Dubai Mall).||The room we booked was just enough for 3 persons (once the sofa bed is deployed, space is quite limited) but it was cosy and clean. And it had all the amenities required.||The service from all the staff was impeccable. Courtesy, politeness, smile, reactivity! Special mention to Angel, Grace, Min and Nay!||Special mention also for the buffet breakfast which was very nice! It helped us start our days in the best of ways.||We would definitely recommend this hotel!!!

Food is amazing, and Chef Hussein was super helpful , service is to the point and location is super close we were 10 mins away from Dubai mall

Super clean, modern, staff is amazingly hospitable. Nice view of the Burj Khalifa right from my room. I’ve never felt more comfortable walking around in my socks or barefoot in any hotel before THATS HOW CLEAN THEY KEEP IT! Water machine gives you temperature control & sparkling option also adjustable carbonation levels-super nice perk in the lobby. Breakfast is nice-great variety, location is superb-right in the middle of everything. Easy access to metro and taxis as well as many shops. At the end of my stay I realized I left a bag in my room, I quickly tried going back and Mohan was kind enough to take me back into my room and get it, staff here is amazing I wish them nothing but the best! Thank you for a wonderful stay!

I had a great stay at holiday inn express hotel Dubai. The hotel is well-maintained, comfortable, and perfectly located with easy access to the metro and nearby attractions. The staff is professional and welcoming, which really adds to the overall experience.

I would especially like to appreciate Mr. Jithin from the maintenance. He is extremely polite, helpful, and professional.

Sayeed was very good service i really appreciate you...thanks your kindness u are amazing 😍😍😍 boo🥹 ur room service was very nice . .thanks for everything 💕

Sayeed

Very good breakfast prepared by Chef Hussein, the staff is so welcoming, enjoying the experience so far!

First time we stay in express we feel best out of other holiday inn. Thanks to everyone to make us comfortable away from home. Mohan

Best service by Mr sayeed

Mohan - service was good.

Good service from house keeping staff...I would like to mention staff Mr. Sayeed for cheerful support

Худший отель из всех, в которых удалось побывать в Дубае. Уставшие номера с плесенью в душевой, скудное питание, грязная посуда в столовой. Грязная, когда она есть. На завтраках регулярно не хватает стаканов, чашек для кофе. Если вы придёте на завтрак в 9.00 +/- 30 минут, то скорее всего не найдёте свободного места. Трансфер на пляж La Mer, который по факту является заброшенным.
Из плюсов только локация и удобная кровать. Если вам нужно переночевать и есть привязка именно к этому району, но, возможно, сойдёт. Во всех остальных случаях держитесь от этого отеля подальше.

Sayeed was good service in my room i m really happy he was soo kind i appreciate u thank you soo much

Room is clean. I really enjoyed the service Deepisha. My room was cold Mohan immediately call to solve the problem. Thank you

We are here for 5 days with my family. Hotel accommodation was really good or clean. Happy with breakfast. Mr. Mohan assured all during our stay. Thanks to him

Room 101 is very big room. I stay with my family. They provide me sofa bed. Extra support by Mohan for make my family comfortable.

Specially thank you for Mohan for his support and requirements all in timely

Greta hotel for the money. Beach towels. Gym and breakfast all included. Mohan did a great Job at cleaning our room. Asking which hour we would prefer to work around our busy schedule. The room was filled with drinks each day and always super clean!

Mohan nos atendió muy bien y muy educado.

Kailash nice room cleaning and best food

Room is clean, everything was great. Breakfast was very good. h.k Mohan is always helping

Had an amazing stay at this hotel and truly impressed by their service
The staff were extremely polite and always ready to help. The room was clean, comfortable, and well-maintained.
Special thanks to the front desk team especially dandi and nay for their quick support and warm hospitality and the house keeping guy sumith he was also so good at his work

Amazing stay best service ever. Mohan

Mohan is very good. He is very kind.

Hotel stay was excellent with good support staff. There was hood choice for breakfast.
Housekeeping was timely, neat and clean.Mr. Kailash housekeeping staff maintained the room very well, every day when we were back. Room was near and clean.

I recommend Holiday Inn Express; the staff is friendly.
I realy appréciation Simit's.

Wonderful place if you are looking closer to Kite Beach!!!

نظيف وهادئ العيب اللي فيه عدم وجود خدمة توصيل الأمتعة ومواقف السيارات ضيقه جداً

Chef hussein is amazing chef and kailash and submit is amazing also

He is very polite

During our stay at this hotel in Dubai, my skirt was damaged by the hotel’s own ironing equipment, which was dirty/defective. As a result, the skirt was burned and permanently stained.

We immediately reported this to the hotel staff. We were told a solution would be provided the same evening. This never happened. The next morning we were again promised follow-up, but no one contacted us.

At check-out, the staff claimed they were unaware of the situation. After waiting over two hours, the manager, Hermano, spoke to us and placed the blame entirely on us, despite the damage being caused by hotel equipment. The way this was handled and the tone used were disrespectful and unprofessional.

In addition to this incident, the room was not clean, and the shower drain was clogged, causing the entire bathroom to flood. These issues further highlight the lack of proper maintenance and attention to basic hygiene.

The only “compensation” offered was a free lunch completely inadequate and irrelevant, as it does not cover the damage caused. No responsibility was taken, no sincere apology was offered, and the situation was handled very poorly.

This experience showed a lack of accountability, communication, and basic customer service. We expected much better from a hotel in Dubai and would not recommend this property based on how guests are treated when something goes wrong.

Reaction:

Dear Mr. Santoso,

Thank you for your response. I appreciate the time taken to reply; however, I must formally disagree with the explanation provided.

Regarding the ironing incident, I would like to clearly state that the skirt in question was suitable for ironing, as explicitly indicated on the care label. This label was shown to your team during our discussion, as we were asked to demonstrate that ironing was permitted, and the hotel was therefore fully aware of this fact. The skirt has been ironed multiple times at home without any issue, using an iron. This directly contradicts the claim that the fabric requires dry-cleaning only or is unsuitable for direct heat.

The damage occurred specifically due to residue or contamination on the hotel-provided iron, not due to misuse or fabric sensitivity. Had the iron been clean and in proper condition, this damage would not have occurred.

While goodwill gestures such as a complimentary lunch or late check-out were mentioned, these do not constitute appropriate compensation for property damage. We were on holiday, and after already waiting more than two hours, in addition to the time lost the evening before, our vacation time had already been significantly impacted. Offering a late check-out assumes that spending additional time “waiting” in the hotel room is desirable, which is not the case under these circumstances. Similarly, a complimentary lunch does not address the damage caused or the loss of valuable time.

What is particularly disappointing is that we now find ourselves having to justify the situation once again. Just as during the initial conversation with you at the hotel, responsibility is being placed back on us, while the facts we presented at the time such as the condition of the iron and the care label are being dismissed or overlooked. Unfortunately, it felt then, and feels now, that these points are not being fully acknowledged.

Really good hôtel and service Thank you housekeeping sûmit

During our stay at this hotel in Dubai, my skirt was damaged by the hotel’s own ironing equipment, which was dirty/defective. As a result, the skirt was burned and permanently stained.||We immediately reported this to the hotel staff. We were told a solution would be provided the same evening. This never happened. The next morning we were again promised follow-up, but no one contacted us.||At check-out, the staff claimed they were unaware of the situation. After waiting over two hours, the manager, Hermano, spoke to us and placed the blame entirely on us, despite the damage being caused by hotel equipment. The way this was handled and the tone used were disrespectful and unprofessional.||In addition to this incident, the room was not clean, and the shower drain was clogged, causing the entire bathroom to flood. These issues further highlight the lack of proper maintenance and attention to basic hygiene.||The only “compensation” offered was a free lunch completely inadequate and irrelevant, as it does not cover the damage caused. No responsibility was taken, no sincere apology was offered, and the situation was handled very poorly.||This experience showed a lack of accountability, communication, and basic customer service. We expected much better from a hotel in Dubai and would not recommend this property based on how guests are treated when something goes wrong.

We highly recommend this hotel. The best location to metro. The staff is so polite. Rooms are tidy and comfortable. We enjoyed meal. Come and have memorable holiday.

Excellent room service by Kailash.

Sumit good people

Very good service, great staff, delicious food. Everything was great! Special thanks to Kailash.

Mohan service was good

Good service great customer service by Mohan

Mohan is very good! Service is very good!

Kailash from housekeeping was good!

Además del hotel nos ha gustado el menú. El chef Hassein está atento para que no falte nada.

It’s been just day 2 of my 5 days stay here, and I can confidently recommend the high level of service and attention this hotel provides. Right from the check in at the reception to the breakfast menu to room service (would like to particularly thank Bishal for his excellent service).

Angel and Gerrimae very wonderful and very helpful thank you very much we will come back again.

Good room best clesning service. Mohan is very helo full during  stay.

Отличный отель,находится близко со всем,очень добрые сотрудники.
Nay,Dendi,Zaw

Very good service! Nay at the reception is an amazing person. Also Roba with the security team.

We had a lovely stay at the hotel and we got quality services from Nay at the reception and Roba who was so reliable in giving us information on how to get best deals in dubai.

It was great being served and attended to in Holiday inn express by Nay and Rona.

Good location communicative staff clean simple and quick service thanks housekeeping  sumit

Really good hotel and service sumit was the responsible to clean our room and always mad
E it with excellent thanks for the hospitality.

My overall stay was amazing very comfortable stay regarding housekeeping  sumit is amazing and very helpful

Sumit was cleaning my room everyday all good
Location also good

Thanks house keeping sumit he give best service good location

Sumit is best man

Chef Hussein is excellent

Thanks Chef hussein for the hospitality 😊

Very honest & respectful staff
Sumit & Kailash from house keeping are very good at hospitality

Good service for housekeeping and fast service. Not big options for food but good food.

My overall stay was amazing, very comfortable stay, free daily breakfast. Additionally, regarding housekeeping, Sumit Kailash is amazing and very helpful.

Very responsive team

Thank you Kailash, he is professional!

Preis / Leistung passen sehr gut.
Alles schnell und gut zu erreichen.
Angestellt sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend.
Zimmer immer Top sauber und aufgeräumt ( besonderes Lob an Sumit)
An der Rezeption auch zu vernünftigen Preisen ne Pepsi oder Snickers zu bekommen

Best staff mr Sayeed

Good service by Mohan . Quick n fast

Narrow rooms,low standard furniture and bathroom preparations
Very good restaurant personnel but low food quality
Reception communication under level of ethics in dealing with senior vitrans

Thanks Kailash, Sumit and Angel for the best service!

The location of the hotel is good. The staffs are friendly. The breakfast is good. Would like to thank Kailash for his service.

Great place for spending holiday

Kailash very good

Provided outstanding service and top notch care. Thumbs up to Kailash for his hospitality.

Kailash, provide a good service, a present stay. Keep it up.

I stayed for 5 nights. The staffs are very helpful. The free breakfast buffet has variety of non-veg & veg options. My room is cozy!

숙소가 전철역에서 가까워서 참 편리했구요. 프론트근무하는  NAY의 친절과 책임덕분에 흡연객실에서 금연실로 바꿀 수 있었어요. 객실담당였던 Deepisha의 성실함으로 깨끗한 상태로 4일간 잘 지냈어요. 감사합니다.

10min walk away from business bay metro station
Room is cozy and simple
Breakfast is good opened space and variety of meals!  Not only savory foods but you also can enjoy pastries and coffee, even fresh vegetables and fruits
All employees here polite and friendly
Chef Hussein brings bright atmosphere to their restaurant !

Sayeed was very good staff

Good service by Mohammed and Mohan

Excellent giró who clean my room very Nice smiling  deepisha.

The holes is quite good for a 3*. There’s a swimming pool, excellent diet and very polite personal staff. I would say ,that this hotel is well over 3 *!
I would also like to thank Chef Hussein for the gorgeous food and close attention to everyone.

The hotel is great .The rooms are beautiful, comfortable, with a full set. The reception is flirty and operational. The breakfasts are very delicious, all the staff are friendly, sociable. I especially want to mention Chief Hussein. We thank him for his delicious dishes and attention to each customer. We are amazed by his friendliness. We'll definitely go back to this hotel. 💯👌

It was Great staying here, food is amazing and the staff and the chef are most friendly.
It was a great stay at Holiday inn.

Breakfast is great, and fresh. Restaurant is clean, overall experience is great.
Chef Hussain was so helpful to all of us

Amazing food and service

Very clean room & hotel. Quiet & comfortable.

Everything is great. The hotel staff's are very friendly and helpful especially jithin.
The room is clean and tidy. Great hospitality. Definitely we are coming back for more days.

Dear Holiday Inn management team:
I would like to highly recommend Angel Tobesa at the reception for being:
1. Super polite
2. Great customer service
3. Hospitable
4. Professional
5. Helpful
6. Smart
7. Hard working
8. Pleasant.
9. Dedicated .
10. Punctual
Angel is an asset to Holiday inn express and must be promoted to highest levels with increase in pay.

Mr sayeed was best staff

Kailash Cleaned my room during my stay . He is really friendly and does a great job cleaning. Keep up the good work Kailash . Thank you

The staff was amazing.  The rooms clean and spacious.   Close to the metro and good restaurants.  Taxi was fast and close.  Would definitely stay here when I go to Dubai again. Oh and the breakfast!! wow!  such an array of international foods.  And the welcome gift (as a diamond) was the cherry on the top.  The more I think back on the stay the more positive experiences I remember.  It was that outstanding.  Kudos to everyone!!

فندق سيئ جدا وخدمه سيئه ولا يوجد مشرف

Thanks to Mr sayeed

thanks for best service Mr sayeed

Everything was fine specially thanks to sayeed and mohan

Good location good services. All amenities available on request. Had a best stay. Mohan was helpful

Great thanks to sayeed and mohan for good service

The breakfast prepared by the Chef Hussein was excellent, fresh, flavourful & beautifully presented. Everything was cooked perfectly, and the attention to detail made the meals feel special. A great start to the day! 🙏

Dipsan by service

Отличный отель и персонал, вкусные завтраки, хорошее расположение. Thanks ibrahim

Dipsan sarad, the staff were very helpful in assisting us with our needs for our stay in the room.

Sayeed was good 👍

他喝hotelisverygoodi吗stayinginthishotel everythingisgood thanks 偷Kailash for giving good roomservic额。。

Great location and very friendly staff at the front desk and breakfast area, but everything else about this hotel was extremely disappointing. The rooms are very small, outdated, and overpriced. The bed was tiny and uncomfortable, the bathroom was terrible—flooding shower, dripping faucet, bad shower head—and the towels were old and thin. The carpets and overall room condition were simply unacceptable. The food was also terrible.I reported the issues, and while the manager was polite and tried to help, the “better” room offered was even worse: dark, gloomy, and not well maintained. I booked through Trip.com, but they were unable to assist, which was very disappointing. This has taught me to book directly with the hotel next time.I had a horrible three-night stay and will never stay at this hotel again.

Great exoerience with checking in, breakfast, cleanliness, great size rooms and location.

Rooms and staff were great. The breakfast buffet was probably the best hotel buffet we’ve ever had. Mushroom omelette and the veggie samosas were particularly good. Great job Chef Hussein.

I really enjoyed my stay here , specially the staff , big thanks to Cheff Hussein for his delicious food and warm welcome 😇

All ok room clean breakfast very nice my room very clean every day and ibrahim check my room every day and he ask about my stay thanks ibrahim

Room was good & Breakfast had a good spread ..   But location is little far from the attractions, have to take taxi for everything.   Suggested for business travellers

We had a great time during our stay. The breakfast spread is amazing. Everyone is so nice, in particular Chef Hussein who has been super professional in dealing as well as availability for any questions we had.

Отличный отель. Прекрасный персонал. Завьраки очень вкусные и разнообразные.
Рядом пешком Дубай мол
Дуюай канал
Дубай бич
Буршаф калиф

Very nice hotel near to metro and free breakfast room very clean staff her ver help  tuanks zaw and Ibrahim

Nice Hotel

Gutes Hotel zu günstigen Preis - perfekt für die Buisness bay . Abends gibt es alles was man braucht. Mit dem Taxi 20 min am Flughafen .

Good breakfast and good service in hotel

まぁまぁ便利な立地で必要条件も十分満たしています。ウォッシュレットは付いていませんが、その代わりに「おしりシャワー」があるから衛生的です。
食事はビュッフェ形式で、味は大満足。食べ過ぎ注意です。

Always know what to expect and good value. Staff helpful and friendly, great value lunche brunch too.

Great hospitality by the team and really liked their breakfast spread.

So delicious and many varieties.. the hospitality is so awesome.. thanks kitchen team

Thanks Chan for your helping and housekeeping very nice thanks ibrahim

الفندق لا يصح للسكن تجمع المياه في الأرض في الحمام و السبب تسريب المياه ....  الغرف تحتوي رائحه من الحمامات

A huge construction going on, no signs to parking, reception was nice, room awful. Very old, dark…bathroom not clean (like the shower eg). BUT a very decent prefect and selection and especially very nice Chef Hussein. So he mad my day already🙏🏼thanks Hussein!

I like breakfast food , specialy fried rice bessstt

Very nice atay

I love the breakfast , food selection though a bit less.,but tasty,.staff are attentive too

Great service thanks ibrahim

فندق مميز و مكان نظيف وناس طيبه والشيخ ابراهيم ما قصر معنا

Breakfast was amazing and chef Hussein was very welcoming and kind. Overall great experience.

Very nice breakfast with wide range of food and fruits. My girl loves the red apple.the date are good too. It’s very yummy!

Great staff, great hotel, especially Ibrahim

Holday inn staff here very nice room its clean from bishal break fast very good ibrahim help me too much and recpitin team nay very good I will come back again thankyou holiday inn

الخدمه ممتازه والافطار كان راع والغرفه نظيفه والخدمات ممتازه شكرا ibrahim

Excellent service from ibrahim

I was very upset with my encounter in this hotel. There was this big cockroach in my room. My expectations were wrong about this hotel. I was planning to spend longer in this place with my wife but unfortunately this cockroach ruined our stay. The manager told us that we can spend the night until 4pm the next day but what is the point. Our check out time is at 3pm and we were not fully compensated with this matter. THIS IS VERY MUCH UNACCEPTABLE. Never going back to this hotel again.

Thank u for Ibrahim for his helps

Thanks for chef Hussain and Lyka for the best food and service

Great breakfast and friendly staff

A high class Holiday Inn Express, but located next to Safa Park. Staff is incredibly kind, helpful, and responsive. Gym was also quite nice.
Rooms have minifridge, coffee machine, and ironing board (no microwave).

Many options for breakfast which are repeated every day (Espresso machine was great).

Wifi is terrible; speed as well as reliability. If you need to make calls (voice or video), get a tourist sim.

4/5 solid location and accommodative staff.

Très bon déjeuner du chef Hussein

احب اشكر طاقم العمل جميعا وبالاخص الاخ ابراهيم
قدم خدمات ومساعده
والشيف حسين انسان محترم وخدوم
المكان/ جدا راقي والنظافه ممتازه
جميع الخدمات قريبه منهم في محطة مترو ومتوفر اوبر وتاكسي خاص
2025/11/17

Overall a very good experience. Special thanks to Chef Hussein for his outstanding hospitality.

Service and room are good and the complimentary breakfast was great.

Very nice place. Great experience from check In, Chun(if the name is correct) was very friendly with smiles all over his face. Housekeeping, very excellent. OMG breakfast, tastes like my mother’s cuisine, very delicious. Chef Hussein was amazing. 99.999% service overall. Will definitely visit again

All good 3 star hotel but realy service 5 star hotel room clean free water break fast  very nice near to metro want thank to  Zaw. Ibrahim we will come back again near to metro view burj kahlifa

Thank You Chef Hussein for the great service at the Breakfast.

So good place.
So close to center
Good foods.
Good workers.
Thank you.

Great hotel and service, friendly staff. Delicious breakfast from chef Hussein👍🏻

Very nice hotel we are staying in this hotel from 5 th nov until now room 204 and 206 we really happy about everything here housekeeping supervisor in evening he very nice Man he is name Ibrahim
And nay and chan thanks for everything 🙏🙏🙏

Thanks for everything room cleaning very nice summit and ibrahim

Great stay as usual! Thanks to Nay, Chan, Gerrimae, Angel and Ibrahim for the warm welcome, for always being attentive and proactive! You are the precious gems of this hotel! Thank you and hope to see you again soon!

Gutes Hotel zu fairen Preisen

Great. Stay. Mohan Best service. Comfitable place

The great hotel. The location,the staff and food are perfect 👍🏻
Spatial thanks to the chef Hussein and waitress Monika. And receptionists were very kind 😊

Holiday inn safa park
We happy to staying here room clean break fast very good
We want thanks nay and chan
Ibrahim zaw thank you for hospitality

Great service, especially chef Hussein also Mr Ibrahim he was amazing , very polite, very helpful .amer

Chef Hassein good food

Grace good assist of clients

very nice and great hotel. I am staying here for.couple.of.night due to business. very offordable great service and hospitality at the restaurant which is budget style serviced by Monica and Chef Gamber each morning and night.

It was great experience staying at Holiday Inn Express Dubai.
The room was good, spacious and clean.
Special thanks to Mr. Sumit for cleaning room everyday and keeping everything at place before returning back from office.

Holiday in express take care our expectations. We are happily stay 3 days in hotel. All people guides us nicely. Kailash Keep our room clean all the time. Thanks to him. Mohan also asking for comfortable stay.

Service oriented hotel. Staff was very active for serve. Umair and Mohan

Warm welcome by Reception people at midnight. Reception was very attractive including security person. Next day we booked sattel for beach. It's good service overall. Very cultural hospitality in hotel. Special Thankfully to Mr Mohan on floor first Morning advise us many things.

Really good hotel and services! Sumit was the responsible to clean our room, and always made it with excellence. Thanks for the hospitality

Grateful to be stay in holiday inn. Our stay was pleasant or comfortable. Thanks to Mohan🌹🥳

Stay was comfortable. Staff was very communicative. Necessary things was available on call. Best supports by Mohan

180 bucks for a room that smells like a rotten tree and a tasteless breakfast

That definitely doesn't match a 4.5 stars rating

The cancellation policy is not allowing you to cancel your night stay if you found out 5 minutes after payment that you don't like the room

Perfect stay.perfect breakfast. Reception or housekeeper Mohan and kailash both are helping people

Recomiendo demasiado hospedarse aquí, súper cómodo, tranquilo, excelente ubicación y en lo personal me gustó mucho el desayuno, personal súper amable y atento.
A mi y a mi esposo nos encantó!

Помогал нам Ibrahim - все очень понравилось! 👍🏻👍🏻

Reception check in very fast. Clean tidy room. Always found clean by kailash. House keeper Mohan was supportive

breakfast was nice serve good. room was clean. Mohan or kailash was amazing to help

Выбирали городской отель, около метро, чтобы можно было ездить на экскурсии, прогуляться по городу и по желанию сходить на пляж. Метро было в 800м  пешком минут 10, но станция в час пик очень загруженная т.к. рядом находятся несколько бизнес центров, приходилось буквально выпихиваться из вагона. Если попадать не в час пик, то в целом нормально. Около метро есть продуктовый. Из отеля ходит трансфер на пляж Ля Мэр с пн по сб. Мы ходили пешком до общественного пляжа Джумейра 2, около 35 - 40 минут, дорога нормальная, через частный сектор. Пляж цивильный, душевые и туалеты, магазинчики и ларечки с едой, однако нет шезлонгов и зонтиков (есть только для инвалидов и пенсионеров), народу немного, море чистое. Персонал отеля отзывчивый, попросили 2е одеяло и утюг  сразу принесли. Уборка каждый день, замена полотенец,чай, кофе, вода. В номере есть сейф. Один раз ушли на завтрак не убрав деньги и вещи, оставив сейф открытым, пришли, а у нас уже убрались, при этом ничего не пропало, все проверили и пересчитали.
Отель хоть и 3 звезды тянет скорее на 2+. Номера старые,  поношенные, ковролин с пятнами. Нам не повезло и буквально заселили в номер со старым советскими шкафами (коричневая фанера). В ванной дверца душевой плохо закрывалась и на пол попадала вода. Полотенца хоть и меняли каждый день, были серые. У нас был номер стандарт с 2я отдельными кроватями, но с пометкой, что тип кроватей может измениться, что и произошло, дали номер с одной двуспальной. Если ищете отель для отдыха, то не советую, подойдет для переконтаваться на 1-2 ночи. Мы ездили на экскурсии и почти не бывали в номере, но ощущение осталось совсем не от отеля трешки, несмотря на то, что он вроде как сетевой.

Выбирали городской отель, около метро, чтобы можно было ездить на экскурсии, прогуляться по городу и по желанию сходить на пляж. Метро было в 800м  пешком минут 10, но станция в час пик очень загруженная т.к. рядом находятся несколько бизнес центров, приходилось буквально выпихиваться из вагона. Если попадать не в час пик, то в целом нормально. Около метро есть продуктовый. Из отеля ходит трансфер на пляж Ля Мэр с пн по сб. Мы ходили пешком до общественного пляжа Джумейра 2, около 35 - 40 минут, дорога нормальная, через частный сектор. Пляж цивильный, душевые и туалеты, магазинчики и ларечки с едой, однако нет шезлонгов и зонтиков (есть только для инвалидов и пенсионеров), народу немного, море чистое. Персонал отеля отзывчивый, попросили 2е одеяло и утюг  сразу принесли. Уборка каждый день, замена полотенец,чай, кофе, вода. В номере есть сейф. Один раз ушли на завтрак не убрав деньги и вещи, оставив сейф открытым, пришли, а у нас уже убрались, при этом ничего не пропало, все проверили и пересчитали.
Отель хоть и 3 звезды тянет скорее на 2+. Номера старые,  поношенные, ковролин с пятнами. Нам не повезло и буквально заселили в номер со старым советскими шкафами (коричневая фанера). В ванной дверца душевой плохо закрывалась и на пол попадала вода. Полотенца хоть и меняли каждый день, были серые. У нас был номер стандарт с 2я отдельными кроватями, но с пометкой, что тип кроватей может измениться, что и произошло, дали номер с одной двуспальной. Если ищете отель для отдыха, то не советую, подойдет для переконтаваться на 1-2 ночи. Мы ездили на экскурсии и почти не бывали в номере, но ощущение осталось совсем не от отеля трешки, несмотря на то, что он вроде как сетевой.

My husband needed a special meal  and Chef Gambmeer was vey accommodating.  He made a delicious meal and came to the table to check on us to ensure everything was okay.    Thanks so much Chef Gambmeer.  It was awesome meeting you.  Stay well.

Every thing is perfect

Great service by zaw. Good clean room. Breakfast was tasti. Mohan assist

Zaw and Mohan serve the best.

Best location best price. Near Dubai mall very much access to wall around. Sumit. And Mohan great job.

They give us good view room. Mohan or sarad help us to place extra bed for my family..great stay.

Great stay with people of holiday in express allá are service oriented . Mohan .umair . Kailash .
Deepisha all are good.

Mohan Спасибо большое за хорошое обслуживание.

This is a nice Hotel with a great location, Grace treated us very well and was super attentive to us

Very nice service zaw very nice clean my room and ibrahim also help us too much

Reception staff was helpful. Breakfast was nice 💯. Housekeeping Mohan is helping

Good decent size room. Clean all . Bathroom ammienities. Mohan give best service. Location was exlent

Good value for money. A bit far away from everything. Metro is near. Very good house keeping. Thanks Mohan

Mohan good housekeeper!

Everything is great. Thank you!
Breakfast was also very nice. Mohan or umair best served

The rooms are clean and spacious. Breakfast has good spread to choose from, everything is freshly made and delicious 🤤

The location is excellent, with convenient and comfortable parking available. Everything is within easy reach. The breakfast is varied and delicious, and the staff at breakfast are especially friendly and helpful. Special thanks to Chef Hussein for his kindness and great service.
If I come again, I’ll definitely stay here once more.

I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks, the expirence was so nice. The Breakfast was delicious with lot of varieties 😋.

A special mention to Deepisha from house keeping did a great job everyday. She truly deserves to be acknowledged.

Mohan is good gob, cleaning excellent, break  fast was nice

We stayed 4 nights at this place and I really loved it.

The location really good just 10 minutes walk to the metro station. In a good area near to business bay avenue which you can find restaurants and cafes. Near to Dubai mall and burj khalifa.

The room very clean.

The staff very friendly and helpful, like all of them even the bell boy.

The breakfast amazing, you can find many things to eat and drink.

They have a free filling water and even a coffee machine and tea for you to grab and go.

All in all, I highly recommend this place and it worths more than the amount you pay for a night.

Ms Angel hosted us very patiently and was always happy she used to always greet us and make us happy

visit first time in holiday inn express. we like the service and quick response from Mohan all the time whenever we need. viriety of breakfast also very good. we expirience more than we expected.

The room was lovely, the hot water ran piping hot, and the shower even had a door – it was very well equipped.
The breakfast prepared by Chef Hussain was delicious, and I got to try traditional Dubai cuisine!

Variedad en alimentos, bebidas, postres, instalaciones, tranquilo, céntrico y cercano a transporte público y principales atracciones de Dubai

Excellent Stay at Holiday Inn Al Safa Park, Dubai!

I had a wonderful experience during my stay at Holiday Inn Al Safa Park. The hospitality and service were outstanding from every department!

Kitchen:
Special thanks to Chef Hussain for preparing delicious meals every day. The food quality, taste, and presentation were exceptional — he truly made dining a delightful experience.

Housekeeping:
A big thank you to Sumit for maintaining my room perfectly clean and comfortable throughout the stay. His attention to detail and friendly attitude were much appreciated.

Front Office:
The front desk team — Aya, Nayi, Min, Dendi, Alan, and Angel — were all extremely welcoming and professional. They always greeted with a smile and made check-in, check-out, and every interaction smooth and pleasant.

Service Team:
Kudos to Min, Monica, and Grace for their excellent service and kindness. They ensured everything I needed was taken care of promptly and warmly.

Overall, the staff made my stay truly memorable with their dedication and positive attitude. Highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Dubai — it feels like home away from home!

Chef hussein is so nice. Nice dishes as well.

Very nice hotel we stay 14day and we stil in hotel realy all very nice chan from recpion very nice and chef hussin for break fast
Ibrahim from room he help us too much thanks ibrahim

Boa acomodação.. Justamenta pelo preço. Única coisa que eu aponto é  o box do banheiro  não  segura a água  durante o banho e molha o banheiro todo.

Great stay higly reccomend and breakfast cruw is spectacular🤩

It was my best experience here

Mohan make us comfortable during stay. Thank you zaw. As well

Thank for everything Mohan. Ksilash

We are thankfull about Mohan and all personal. Thanks for everything

I was greeted by Angel who was the star of the front desk who checked me in a very time frame and explained the facilities of the hotel as well as credits go to Minn at the reception. The room was fully equipped, spotless , well-structured and the location is very accessible to the city and metro station .
The service is exceptional for this budget and also aligns with IHG Standards. My requests were attended in a timely manner.
The breakfast was overall well-served . Joshua,Grace and Min are the sweetest people in the restaurant.
Thank you for delivering the true hospitality!
Colleagues and the service would make your stay recognisable .

Chef atendeu mt bem. Super educado

Ibrahim helped us a lot and experience in the hotel was very pleasant. Would really recommend to stay here

تجربه خوبی بود و برخورد پرسنل و رسیدگی شون خوب بود و مهربون
و سوپروایزر اونجا شخصا همه چیز رو چک کرد و هر مشکلی بود شخصا رسیدگی و برطرف کرد
سوپروایزمون هم ابراهیم
بود إبراهیم
همین طور صبحونه هتل و رسیدگی هر روز سرآشپز
Hussein

Rooms are abit too cold and aircond does not fully work as intended.

Service is 10/10. Breasfast by Chef Hussein is enjoyable and nice.

Location is somewhat far from stations, 10-15mins walk.

Breakfast is nice. Room is clean and comfortable. Location is 10 minutes walking distance to metro

Had a fantastic breakfast last Sunday. Chef Hussein was very accommodating and hospitable he always make sure to served every guest with a heart. Everything was fresh, flavorful, and beautifully presented. The eggs were cooked to perfection, the toast had just the right crunch, and the fresh fruit on the side was a refreshing touch. You can tell a lot of care went into even the simplest items. A great start to the day—definitely coming back for more!

Удобное месторасположение, метро в пешей доступности, также недалеко находится набережная канала. Сотрудники вежливые, отзывчивые и доброжелательные. Хочется отметить сотрудников Ibrahim и Sumit, которые ежедневно обеспечивали чистоту в номере. В ресторане понравилась работа сотрудницы с именем Monica Grace, очень внимательна к гостям и просьбам.

Nice service chef Arun

Nice service everyone

The breakfast was great and crossaint were so fresh. Chef hussein was great

I was quite disappointed with room as they gave me smoking room which was quite uncomfortable

I had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn! The place was clean, comfortable, and very welcoming. I’d like to give a special mention to Joshua for his outstanding service. He was genuinely kind, helpful, and made sure everything went smoothly during my stay. It’s always great to be assisted by someone who truly cares about guests’ comfort. Thank you, Joshua, for making my experience extra pleasant!

My stay at Holiday Inn was really good. I especially wanted to thank grace and chef hussein for their exceptional service.

It’s a decent hotel.

Buen día!! tienen servicio Aeropuerto- Hotel?

The overall experience was amazing! Highly recommended for both business and leisure travelers. Special recognition goes out to Chan, Angel and Gerrimae of the front desk and also to Zaw, Ibrahim and Mohan of the housekeeping. They were all incredibly professional! They showed a genuine connection from the moment we arrived until we checked out. We’ll definitely be coming back!

Ibrahim vert Nice man he help us too much thanks ibrahim

Great for a short business stay, everything you need. Nothing fancy, but everything completely fine: Friendly staff, clean rooms, varied breakfast, free parking or walkable to the metro in 5 mins. Housekeeping was attentive (thanks Ibrahim!) Only improvement would be better wi-fi.

The hotel in my opinion is good , the best thing in the hotel was the breakfast that is made by chef Hussein , İ reccomend this hotel

The room was well maintained (clean) and spacious. Location is strategically located near Metro station. Buffet breakfast eas excellent and the best samosa i’ve ever had.

Good location near jumira beach.

I felt good because there was a family-like warmth that even celebrated the my husband’s birthday. Thank you for the kindness of  Min the staff.

Scariest hotel I've ever stayed in.  Don't leave the hotel after dark.  No one on the front desk for at least 20 minutes - when I really needed someone.

Had a reservation from January (made on the IHG website), got to the hotel only to find it closed. After 10pm, our family had to find another accomodation. I received no cancellation by email from the hotel.

I honestly wish I could give this place zero stars. This was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. The staff were unbelievably rude and completely unhelpful from the moment we checked in. It felt like we were inconveniencing them just by being there.

To make things worse, the room was disgusting — we found BED BUGS. That alone should have been enough for a full refund, but management refused to take any responsibility. Instead of apologizing or trying to fix the situation, they acted like it was no big deal. Absolutely unacceptable.

And don’t be fooled by the amenities they advertise. The pool? Completely broken. No warning, no explanation — just another disappointment added to the list.

This place is a joke. Poor service, unsanitary conditions, and zero accountability. Do yourself a favor and stay literally anywhere else.

This hotel is officially closed.

Awful location very noisy and dirty.  They charged ne for breakfast that I paid for with my card in the morning didn't return my deposit and didn't receive my points for this stay.

Like the title says :)  Check in staff were absolutely wonderful, room was clean, but bed not super comfortable and I woke up several times with traffic noise outside. Hot tub is in desperate need of cleaning and repair/actual heat- VERY disappointing. Friendly housekeeping staff needs to be advised re late checkouts and not knock constantly. (Phone needs correct room number on it and clock needs correct time, but these are minor issues). Room had a good fridge & microwave in room, good location for my needs, but noise and hot tub would likely keep me from booking again. Decent value though.

You should never want to stay here unless they fix the issues with the cleanliness of the room and the water pressure and heat of the showers. Sometimes the water got lukewarm after waiting a long time for it to warm up and other times it never got warm. Just stay at the Hilton.

Dirty!!

Property is a perfect location however the cleanliness of the room is not the greatest. Property needs to upgrade rooms to more modern looks a replace moldy shower curtains.

straight trash. The staff working during my day did not seem to care.

The pictures and websites are deceiving. The amenities advertised are not the ones available or offered. My family was disappointed.

This was an atrocity shame on u all. I was treated like crap. Everyone’s
Answer for
Everything was that the property had been sold. They should have closed the door instead of lying and taking advantage to procure every last dollar.

There was a blood on the floor. I requested full refund but hotel does not answer on Booking.

If you like lukewarm showers, cold rooms, dirty carpet, and no housekeeping during your stay, this is the place. We stayed 3 nights on business. Our room was never touched by housekeeping even just to empty the trash or replace coffee. The heater kept resetting to 62 degrees during the day and the night. The shower faucet turned all the way to hot only produced lukewarm water the entire stay. The hallway and room carpet is terribly stained (see photos) and the bathroom tile needs a good scrubbing. The problems all seem to be things mandated from the top, not failure on the part of the actual site employees. We don't mind older hotels that are a little outdated, but this one is just not customer focused with patrons' comfort at the center of their decisions. There are several hotels in this area quite close together. We've stayed at all of them, and also at this Holiday Inn, several times. The area is busier than ever with more homeless people than ever. Sirens outside woke us up every night. We also woke up cold because the heater reset itself to 62 degrees. We expect better from Holiday Inn.

This hotel is in dire need of a total remodel. I will never stay here again.

One of the worst hotels I’ve ever been to. Our first room was filthy, stains everywhere on the carpets, broken cabinets, dirty bathroom, outlets didn’t work, and so much more.
We then asked for another room, and it was nearly identical to the first room.
To add to the list, the restaurant on site doesn’t do service after lunch, yet the website says their restaurant is open for food/drinks all day. Plenty of people in the lobby were upset, as was I since I booked the hotel hoping to get food or drinks before our night out.

I then asked to get my money back and the receptionist was actually nice and receptive to my request, and she reversed the reservation. Props to her, but the rest of the hotel is not worth any amount of money.

10/10 would NOT recommend.

Positive: The staff Negative: Awaiting a refund for our first night stay. The door to our room malfunctioned and our bags and items were locked inside the room.

This place is huge with a huge atrium.Central elevators that you must enter from the parking lot or the parking garage, which is quite a walk. There are no suites with sofa beds.The biggest trim you can get is one with two balconies, but there's no table and chairs out on the balconies.So they're kind of wasted space. The shower water was one temperature.Couldn't change cold or hot.That was very strange. The toilet water was hot, so when you flushed it, your butt sweat. The beds were very comfortable. The hotel seemed to breathe.There was this constant sound of a roaring of breathing in and out all night that came from somewhere.We never could figure it out. The small bathroom is actually quite usable.Because you don't have a lot of space to walk around.You just turn around. The shower has great water pressure, and it's neither hard nor soft water. The television is a bit older, but the picture is good. There's an extra chair and a chair.And desk in the room that we were in... Corner room with two queen beds with large balcony. This is a no-frills place to stay. No free breakfast did not eat in the restaurant. So cannot give you a review on that.

Hotel is very dated and needs a major facelift.  Bathroom was very small, the room temperature was cold. The restaurant/bar/lounge was closed and not sure why I was not acknowledged as IHG member lots of street noise

Great place to stay for our visit to the Denver area

Shower no working, ended showering with a plastic cup!

Positive: The convenience and peacefulness Negative: ""

Experience was amazing, all of the staff was helpful and friendly. The hotel itself it’s little out dated. Overall 4.0 ⭐️

Stayed here for the championship game over jan 25th. No hot hot water which we said ok about. But the breakfast bar charges not only 15 per person but for just the 3 of us who got our own food cause its a buffet, the waitress auto put a tip on our bill even though all she did was take away 3 plates she added over 10.00 for 3 people.  The food was cold and not very good. Not very options.
If youbare going to charge for your breakfast make it so its freshier and taste better. And maybe hang a sign that says you auto put tips on for waitresses that barley do anything.

The good:
 Clean interior, Location
The bad:
Check in experience
Pay extra for parking
Restaurant closed
Loud, Loud room on the hwy side- not sure about the other side- won’t go back
Bed- very old- sunken in the middle 
Room- # 619- does not have hot water
Room #619 is smaller than any room that you will stay in abroad
Why they put a member of IHG in the worst room is beyond me- training opportunity

We were there 5 nights without ever getting to take a hot shower. It was lukewarm at best. Not acceptable in January in Denver. On what was supposed to be our last night the water was ice cold. We checked out early and moved next door!

Upon checking in I was told they had no hot water, that the water was warm and they are work on it. The water was not warm it was ice cold and they never fixed the hot water. I never received notification prior to my stay and was offered points for the inconvenience. I finally received one night free, but the experience was horrible.

We booked this hotel specifically to go to a nfl game & it was not the best stay. If you want to stay at this hotel I recommend booking on the actual website and not third party. We experienced an outdated hotel room that had cold air leaking through under the a/c unit, guests next to us that were smoking marijuana and it was coming into our room, and worst of all we had absolutely no hot water. We reached out multiple times during just the first day of our stay. Maintenance stuck weather stripping under a/c unit to help keep out cold which did help a bit. We had let front desk know about the hot water she ensured us that it was a weather issue and that their engineers were working on it and that it would start warming up shortly. It in fact did not warm up any time at all. During the next morning at 630am we checked for hot water and still nothing. I’m not sure how the hotel expected people to shower with cold water. We went downstairs and was greeted by Noah, we had let him know about our experience and asked for another room that did have hot water. He did not want to give us another room and said the water should be lukewarm? I told him it was not, and that it was actually freezing cold. He did nothing to help make our stay better. The manager was also tip towing around him during our conversation and did not intervene or help the situation. After talking to the site I booked the hotel through they had informed me that they were trying to get ahold of the hotel but no one was picking up to help me get my refund back for the last night I was not staying. We ended up booking our next stay at DoubleTree which is next door. If it wasn’t for not having any hot water or a cold room we would have actually liked staying at this hotel but because of the service we horribly experienced it’s not worth staying at this hotel.

It’s worth some extra money to go somewhere else. Rooms are not heated regularly so it’s cold when you walk in. This place is dirty, you can’t speak with any customer service and they supposedly had a boiler problem that resulted in no hot water. They refused to provide any compensation and we left without being able to shower.

Very disappointed in this Holiday Inn. Upon arrival, we were informed that there was no hot water, that it was a recent occurrence & will be fixed promptly. Come to find out, the hotel hadn't had hot water for almost 2 weeks, which was bad because the temperatures were freezing & the water was freezing. The hotel itself was as cold inside as outside. The room was freezing & no heater. We canceled our stay, and the last staff member on our way out was rude, not helpful at all, but it's not her fault, I'm sure she was dealing with upset guests all night. We went next door to the Doubletree & that establishment was not only cheaper but actually a very nice hotel, with hot water , heat, food, bar, etc. This particular Holiday Inn is very outdated & uninviting.

Stayed here 3 nights, checked in on Thursday,  checked out on Sunday. Did not have hot water throughout the whole stay. Room had a cold draft near the sliding glass door for the balcony as well.

On a positive note, ate supper on site at their bar one night and food and service was good. Hotel staff was kind.

Bathroom was not clean upon check in, a dirty shirt was hanging behind the door. There is no hot water & the bathroom had ants in it. It took several days of requesting trash to be taken out & new towels for it to actually happen.

Need a bath upgrade, better shower. coffee at the front desk is always cold, not fresh at all.

If I could give this place zero stars I would. We went to check in around 1400 and we were told the room was not ready. No big deal, we were an hour early. Came back around 1700. We were told by Ashton that our room was still not ready. We sat around for nearly an hour. She had a conversation with a manager by video saying that the room had been rented by the hour for a few hours. They had to check if it was clean. Ashton lied to me and told me check in was 1600. I showed her my email that said 1500 was the check in time and I asked to be comped. She had someone else “use” our room for a couple of hours during the time we should have been in it. Ashton told us the room was refreshed so finally by 1800 we went to the room. We walked in and it smelled as if someone freshly smoked marijuana in it, hence why we believe they “refreshed the room”. Ashton had the worst attitude I have ever seen from my many hotel stays. I used to be a diamond elite member and have used IHG many times. Ashton got very nasty when I called to tell her about the marijuana smell and that I have a severe allergy to that. She further lied and tried to tell me I used a third party booking service so she could not comp our room even though it wasn’t ready 3 hours after the hotel check in. As an IHG rewards member, I have never received such poor service. Worst hotel ever!!  We asked for another room and she got nasty and snapped at me. No thank you!!! She is awful and hurting your hotel. We went down to the lobby and a gentleman checked us out and gave us a refund. He was wonderful to deal with. Do not stay here.

Good overall, parking nave a cost

I stayed at the Holiday Inn recently and had a mixed experience. The bed was very comfortable, and I really enjoyed the nice view from the balcony, which was a highlight of the stay. However, the shower water never really got hot, which was disappointing, and the heat/AC unit in the room was faulty, making it hard to maintain a comfortable temperature. With a few maintenance improvements, this could have been a much better stay.

Upon arrival to our room, we found hairs in the sink and tub, which left us to believe that housekeeping had been rushed on our room.
We let that slide and just cleaned it up ourselves.

Our stay was for 6 days. On day 5 I had run out of towels and our room was full of trash from restaurants, as housekeeping never came to our room once.

I went down to the front desk to ask about the location of the laundry facilities.  The lady was super nice and sold me a thing of laundry detergent.  We proceeded to go to our room, gather our laundry and head to the laundry area.  We were met with an "out of order" sign.  We went down to the lobby to tell them we no longer needed the detergent we purchased, as their washing machine seemed to be out of order.  The employee knew this before, yet still gave us directions to the laundry room, and sold us the detergent?? 

The shower only gets to a medium-warm temperature and the pressure is horrid.   

Not once during any of my issues, did one employee seem to care or offer any solution to these problems (in lieu of the hairs when I first arrived, I was awarded extra points for that).

The view was beautiful from our balcony and the bed was super comfortable though.  Lisa is amazing as well.

We travel all over the country and stay at hundreds of hotels. This was one of our favorites - clean, easy and affordable. 10/10 experience, would recommend and will be coming back again!

Cool experience 😎 when you walk in and see the place it's self.. but then you pay 15 dollars to park ok cool ... Then it's 15 dollars a person to have a Continental breafest buffet. That they don't tell you when checking in.
but that was after you stay in a very out dated building/room the water pressure sucked and was bearly warm water in the shower and I had such a bad head ach and couldn't take a hot shower :( I was up most the night fighting it ..  the room it self was out dated but clean for what it was .the hot tub was half empty and under maintained .. this could of been a really awesome experience but maybe I missed something.  The view and the balcony was awesome..

We paid the extra amount for a refreshed room so got a better bed this time.  But there wasn’t hot water….appreciated breakfast buffet and dinner in the restaurant.

Not a great place to stay - all rooms are on outside of building, so a lot of noise from Quebec street. Got woken up in the morning by a fire alarm. I did enjoy the fitness center and free washer/dryer.

Friendly service at check in, and also at dinner. We especially enjoyed breakfast at Burgers&Shakes the hotel restaurant. Greg provided great service and conversation. The food and presentation were lovely. Ishmael made us some tasty mimosas and aided Greg in serving us. The room is nice but could use furniture on the balcony and streaming services on the tv. The bed was comfy and the pillows were perfect.  More modern bathroom toiletry options would be nice. Most hotels are moving away from the small shampoos. Not too far from downtown and next to a lot of shopping and food options. I would stay again.

Rooms were priced very reasonably and we'll sized. The staff at the front desk were always friendly and helpful too. It is not really walking distance to food places but there is a shuttle bus to the local mall.

Friendly, helpful staff.  Clean, affordable hotel with lots of amenities and in a good location for us.  Highly recommend.  Would stay again!

Convenient location. Building is easy to navigate. Friendly, professional front desk attendant. Our 8th floor room was comfortable; though the bathroom was cramped. We had a shower/tub combo. Unfortunately, the water temperature never rose above lukewarm, and I couldn’t use the tub because it started leaking from the wall onto the floor.
Our stay was quiet and incredibly affordable.

Expect terrible service. The front desk ladies working last night 12/26 were some of the rudest I’ve ever encountered at any establishment. The website does not say anything about ESA animals. They state “secured parking” which is also a lie- it is not secured, there are literally homeless folks living in the parking lot. After driving 13 hours to get here, being greeted the way we were and also not allowed to stay I will never book a holiday inn again. The renaissance down the street has actual secured parking, and fabulous front desk/service for maybe $10 more. DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL.

Tons of street walkers around the building. Claim to have secured parking. It’s not secured. They have a little solar cam in the back of the property. Front desk staff was rude from the moment walked up. Place was empty and two lady’s were just upfront chatting. Guess doing their job was too difficult… don’t waste your money

Positive: Convenience to work, close to restaurants Negative: ""

Rooms were clean and nicely furnished. If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd make Burgers & Crafts, the bar/ restaurant my regular. The new menu is so good!

Positive: They are very accommodating, letting check in early. They knew we were coming in early and had a room ready for us. Negative: The hot water could be a little hotter, it was warm at best.

The staff and people were great. Leina, at the front desk was super nice and welcoming, servers and bartenders in the evening, and the breakfast girl in the morning were all super nice, welcoming, and enjoyable to talk to. I couldn't of picked a better staff. The property is dated and looks run down. It is in need of a remodel. However, it is the people here make this place good!

I stayed at this hotel this weekend and the customer service was impeccable! I booked my room thru and third party website and they completely messed up my reservation almost ruining my whole family vacation . Lucky the sweetest angel was working the front desk named Ashton . She went above and beyond to try and help me solve the issue which her and the manger Kathleen did .The staff honestly in this whole establishment is so nice and welcoming from the front desk to the restaurant Burgers and Crafts which has a great happy hour from 4-6 btw ! Thank you again Ashton you made whole trip better and it wasn’t even Holiday Inns fault <3

The staff that work here are really nice. The hotel seems very clean. But the wash washer and dryer don’t work in the hotel. I’m on a long business trip and I can’t do my laundry here. Had to unplug the heat/air-conditioning. Because it wasn’t working. And the showers were lukewarm.

This is our 3rd stay at this hotel. Had I written a review after the second stay it would be 2 stars. What changed? #1 Customer Service! LISA at the front desk had the biggest smile and welcoming manner. The last 2 stays the front desk attendance seemed very annoyed that we were her and did nothing to make our stay welcoming.   We took the train to the station and the hotel has a shuttle that will pick you up and also take you 2 miles in any direction. This service was never suggested until this stay. Thank you Lisa -- you have made my 2 star review a 5 star. The rooms are clean (7th floor), I have a beautiful view of downtown, and am looking forward to our next stay instead of dreading it!

I have been a Diamond elite member since 2018, this is the worst Holiday Inn I’ve stayed at this year, and I average 80 stays a year through the IHG chains. How things got off to a bad start. I asked for an upgrade and got the exact same room I booked, that’s not an upgrade, if you don’t have an upgrade I understand it happens, but to tell me yes and not provide that is a training issue. Additionally, the front desk person was not very familiar with the amenities diamond members are offered, told me I had to pay for breakfast and didn’t ask if I wanted points or item from the convenience store. All that stuff I can live with because turnover can be a challenge at hotels. What I can’t put up with is dirty rooms, old beds, mold, and peeling paint off the bath tubs. Let’s get into specifics (pictures provided) our room was disgusting the carpets had numerous stains and if you walked bare foot you could feel the grime build up on your feet. The balcony is atrocious, plaster falling off, mold building up. If it wasn’t for driving 8hrs and booking with points I would have checked out immediately and demanded for my money back. Ooo and the best part, their outdoor pool that is open year round and heated is broken and nothing is posted about this on the IHG app or the hotels website. Did I forget to mention I specifically book this hotel for our family of 4 because of the pool. The front desk person did not know  it was down until I asked him about it and he had to ask around to confirm what I said. Additionally, did I mention the peeling paint in the bath tub, talk about putting lip stick on a pig. Next month I return to Denver for work I’m avoiding this hotel like the plague, I now know to not spend my employers money here for hotel stays.

Nice place great place

Alsome

The room was dirty. The floor needed vacuumed and shampooed the bathroom tub had nail clippings and smell like smoke look up at the ceiling. You can see the yellow smoke stains as well. I have a couple pictures if needed.

Have stayed at this property many times. Love the central location to all that Denver has to offer. Easy to get to using the Denver train from the airport.

I have been a Diamond elite member since 2018, this is the worst Holiday Inn I’ve stayed at this year, and I average 80 stays a year through the IHG chains. How things got off to a bad start. I asked for an upgrade and got the exact same room I booked, that’s not an upgrade, if you don’t have an upgrade I understand it happens, but to tell me yes and not provide that is a training issue. Additionally, the front desk person was not very familiar with the amenities diamond members are offered, told me I had to pay for breakfast and didn’t ask if I wanted points or item from the convenience store. All that stuff I can live with because turnover can be a challenge at hotels. What I can’t put up with is dirty rooms, old beds, mold, and peeling paint off the bath tubs. Let’s get into specifics (pictures provided) our room was disgusting the carpets had numerous stains and if you walked bare foot you could feel the grime build up on your feet. The balcony is atrocious, plaster falling off, mold building up. If it wasn’t for driving 8hrs and booking with points I would have checked out immediately and demanded for my money back. Ooo and the best part, their outdoor pool that is open year round and heated is broken and nothing is posted about this on the IHG app or the hotels website. Did I forget to mention I specifically book this hotel for our family of 4 because of the pool. The front desk person did not know  it was down until I asked him about it and he had to ask around to confirm what I said. Additionally, did I mention the peeling paint in the bath tub, talk about putting lip stick on a pig. Next month I return to Denver for work I’m avoiding this hotel like the plague, I now know to not spend my employers money here for hotel stays.

Great staff-very friendly & attentive!|Daily housekeeping was FANTASTIC!|Front desk staff was very helpful & accommodating.|Restaurant & banquet team were wonderful & food was great!

We struggled to figure out how to adjust the temperature and get the fan to continually run. The control on the wall did not seem to affect the unit. Sometimes we just had to use the control on the unit in our room instead

Room could not make up its mind if hot or cold no matter what set on.

The room was spotless and beautifully decorated.

Very noisy at night—hard to get a good sleep.

Room had a weird burnt smell to it, and the shower had minimal pressure and was not hot.

The restaurant had good food but not great hours.

Great;;;;;;;;;;;;;,;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;,;,;;;,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,?,Customer Service cleaness;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;,,,,,,

The room was dirty, carpet stained and wet. I could see the outside light through the ac/heater. The bathroom smelled like feces and the sink would not drain. The bed looked made but there were crumbs under the sheets.

Lorina did an excellent job with her part and customer service but the fact that my deposit was not returned is giving me scamming vibes. I called the hotel to get an understanding as to why my deposit was not returned and when I was transferred to talk to someone they hung up in my face. I called three times no resolution!!!!!

Decent in every Category it a little bit old but everything works and it is clean and cool design as well. I would Rate it 4 stars

Positive: Balcony in the Negative: That they stole my credit card info and tried to keep charging my card several diffent amounts . Over my stay about 6 times during 23.00 to 170.00.

Great location and value for stay. Restaurant inside is great has great drinks and food. My only gripe is the outdated bathroom. Needs some TLC

Loraine was very helpful she gets five stars but my $50 deposit was never returned was told the parking was $15 a night I only stayed one night so I should have a refund of 35$ yet the entire 50$ was charged and I call to get it resolved and was hung up on that’s horrible customer service

The room was 69° when I arrived turned it up to 75 called the front desk after an hour of a night coming on they checked it. It was on when I came back to the room but in the middle of the night something happened and my back 67

For the price of this hotel it’s pretty good. Good food at the restaurant and parking lot isn’t too crowded

My room had roaches i showed pictures to the front desk total of 5 in less than a hour I was so uncomfortable

Location was ideal, on the east side of the Denver Metro area and close to I-70, restaurants, and shopping options.  Atmosphere was very good and I liked the layout of the hotel interior.  Rooms were very clean and cozy, everything was in order.  Value wise, I got a great hotel and car rental bundle via Expedia and I saved some money.  Noise level was fine, most of the time it was very quiet.  Service was very good and the check in process was quick and easy.  Overall, I would love to stay again on my next trip.

Old school holiday inn. Staff was great- texted me to make sure everything was good.   Seemed pretty safe and the bar in the lobby was great.

Decent hotel, parking is a joke. Not sure why there is paid parking  - it’s not downtown Denver, not warranted

My wife booked us a surprise trip for our anniversary and I was absolutely blown away by how amazing this Holiday Inn was!

Everyone was incredibly kind, I was very impressed with every desk agent we had a privilege of dealing with as they were knowledgeable, helpful and kind.  We did not try the restaurant in the hotel as we were busy doing 'tourist' things, the pool area was fantastic and the shuttle to the Central Park Station was a very welcome courtesy!!

The view from our room was incredible as it was my wife's first time seeing real mountains, she loved sitting on the balcony for a few minutes at sunrise and sunset just watching the sunlight roll across the Rockies!

First, this is not a reflection of the staff, they were great. I would never stay at this hotel again. The rooms are overdue for a refresh, they appear rundown and dirty. The water is only one temperature at the sink and in the shower. I lucked out and had hot, but others I was traveling with only had like warm. There’s some sort of plumbing issue, that when a neighboring room flushes the pipes rattle loudly for a solid 30 seconds. There was no WiFi for two days, but even when there is WiFi it’s horrible. Lastly, the entire middle of the hotel is open so you can hear any conversation anybody is having outside their rooms at all hours.  Don’t recommend this hotel, there are others close by that provide a much better experience.

Security is horrible..homeless people just walkin around in hotel..internet is junk goes out all the time ..rooms are not clean either

The room itself was ok. The “balcony” had no furniture. The water in the shower was insanely disappointing. Barely got warm and had low pressure. The fan for the ac/heat was loud. Front desk clerk was a bit rude. Breakfast at the “restaurant “ was terrible. Paid $15 a person (with gratuity automatically added) and it was worse than a free hotel buffet. Find out after we checked out that we also had to pay $15 to park on the hotel property. Will not stay here again

Bar /Restaurant staff were kind, friendly and Professional

There was no cold water in the bathroom sink and somehow the warmth of the shower was not adequate.  The carpet in our room was severely stained.  The exercise room was way too hot.  One of the 2 provided fans was so loud you couldn't hear over it.  The water cooler in the exercise room didn't cool the water at all and the machines were in a poor state of repair.  All in all the physical plan of the hotel was woefully poor.

Fantastic location with all the perks you need! Good food, friendly staff! Great pool for swimming with an indoor hot tub.  It looks like the building is straight out of 1979. Glass elevators, doors face the inner square of the building. But it also has all the modern updates you will need. Fun and fantastic stay. Look forward to the next time we visit Denver with a great hotel to stay at!

Check-in and out was the best part of my stay. The rooms were dated, not clean, and poor quality linens were provided for bathing. Parking and breakfast were $15 respectively, though children could eat for free. I have never had a poor a stay at a Holiday Inn, bar my one night at this location in Denver. Maybe when the owner and management figure out how to run a hotel that caters to its guests I’ll reconsider.

If you want to have a cold shower in a dirty hotel, this is your place. Moved rooms cuz water was cold in shower and next room was barely warm. Rugs looked liked last time they were cleaned was in 1995.

There are a couple of problems that we had, the parking garage in a problem with the code that you have to remember with the key jacket...it would be easier to open it with the room key. one of the reception ladies was not very helpful and the bathroom fixtures were old.

So I just brushed my teeth, can't wait to take a shower and race the plugged drains. Seevice was polite and attentive. Can't complain about anything other than the plugged drains.

We stay at room 825  view is amazing everything was good but not cold water

Water pressure at the Bathroom was pretty weak. Might because I was at the top floor, but regardless weak. Beds were sunked in at spots where guests have laid down a thousand times, possibly time to switch beds. A/C was on the wall and slightly loud. But still for what it costs, and comparing it to similar hotels nearby which were more expensive, I still think this hotel offers right value for the money.

Man, screw their unsafe shuttle driver. Blocking the entire crosswalk almost hitting traffic, blocking pedestrians path and not letting other drivers turn safely. Also tell this person to stop cutting off drivers, it's not a race even if he's late.

our room had several issues, the handle on the sliding door was broken making it hard to open the door to get rid of the large moths in the room.  the shower drain was very plugged. Maintenance did fix both issues.   the ice machine on the 2nd floor did not work for at least 4 days but did not have a sign on it to even acknowledge being inop.  the laundry at the hotel did not work either.  we asked for another chair which we did get.   This hotel was convenient to the United buildings

Staff was good especially Lisa at front desk who was very friendly and helpful as she tried mightily to provide WiFi service with a very poor system. In general this is an old hotel that is overdue for renovations and upgrades. The bathroom was not good -the tub barely drained, the water was neither hot or cold, just warm. The a/c was very noisy. There was loud street noise all night long through the old, thin windows. We changed rooms and were given a room directly over the laundry and there was a very loud thump noise from a clothes dryer(?) below in addition to the other noises, a/c and plumbing problems plus no WiFi. We checked out the next day and moved to another hotel nearby.

This was by far the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed in. The room was infested with bed bugs, and I woke up covered in bites all over my body. When I reported it, the staff offered no apology and showed terrible customer service “So what you want to do”. On top of that, they still charged for parking and didn’t even offer free breakfast. The place was filthy, uncomfortable, and completely unacceptable. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone avoid it at all costs! Inconvenienced my vacation!

They charge you $15 to park in parking lot. They do not provide free breakfast. Vending machines broken down. They offer a $15 per person breakfast buffet. Lastly I was locked out of my room due to a faulty lock . During stay the maintenance man was working in room 😞 No mention of compensation for the inconvenience. I will not stay here or any other Holiday Inn .

All expectations met with our contract plus. All staff and hotel nothing short of outstanding.

Really fit our needs - outstanding site for our convention

Rooms were dirty. Stains on shower curtain, floor, balcony curtain. Shower pressure was basically a drip, and the water didn't drain! Imagine showering under the most depressing water pressure of all time while your filth puddles up beneath you :)

Bathroom door would randomly just seal itself shut and you'd have to slam it open. Balcony door track is filthy, causing it to be difficult to open. They also have a beer vending machine that ASKS FOR TIPS?!

Just stay somewhere else. Whole place sucks lol.

Everything was great except the location a little difficult to get into and out of

We drove in from Colorado Springs to Denver to stay 3 nights . Our first night was ok but there was no cold water and we killed several moths . We woke up the next day to drive to Estes Park and asked the front desk if we could have our room cleaned , he made note of it . We arrived after 5 pm and our room had not been touched. We were exhausted and had no clean towels to shower  with . We spoke to front end manager and she apologized and stated that they had been very busy . This is not our problem !! Guests don’t want to hear excuses. This was truly unacceptable. We waited for 30 minutes for towels . We told her we would be leaving early the next day as well and wanted the room to be  cleaned  . She made note of that as well . We woke up the next day( killed more moths that night )  and once again reminded  the person at the front desk that we wanted  our room clean . We arrived after 3 pm and the room had not been cleaned  . Once again we talked to the same manager and it was apparent our discussion from the previous day went in one ear and out the other !! Extremely disappointed, again having to wait outside of our room to be cleaned . On our last day we spoke to the GM , voiced our concerns and he apologized, in response to the bugs he asked if we had opened the sliding doors  to the room ( impossible since it was sealed shut ) stated they had a bug investigation and issues with their broiler was the reason for no cold water . There are dozens of hotels to choose from , don’t pick this one !!

Positive: They put me on the top floor Negative: Everything is old and out of date.

The view was breathtaking. To wake up and see the mountains was crazy and downtown Denver skyline at night with the mountains in the background was breathtaking. Location was prefect for our trip. We were across the street from stores and food places. Staff were friendly and knowledgeable.

nice hotel staff was good   the downside parking is bad and charge 15 dollars a night you would think it would be included in room price or at least tell me    the breakfast is expensive and quality was poor not very good

We were there for 4 nights. The tap in the bathroom only had warm water. The phone didn't work for the entire time we were there in spite of many calls. The a/c rattled but was finally fixed. We go no service for the room until we called. We were at a convention that included breakfast; it was the exact same every day: overcooked scrambled eggs, undercooked bacon, sausage and cool and limp fried potatoes.

All the staff from the van driver, the restaurant waitress to Lisa, the lady at check-in were very friendly and helpful.
I appreciated their help. 
Hotel has an attractive ambiance in the lobby and bar area, and there is a nice little store.

I'm a pretty reasonable guy, but i have to let everyone else know about this place before they book. I usually stay here often when i visit, but this has to be the worse time

The a/c stay the same temp no matter what you put it on. Something in the room was keeping me conjested and i dont have allergies with a strong immune system. The room seems like it needs to be gutted and re done. You can just look at the pics i posted.

You have to pay for parking and the price is not stated anywhere on the website or on site.

Breakfast was the worst I've ever had, and it cost $15. Now i see why they want you to pay before you eat. Eggs looked nasty, bacon looked half cooked, the potatos were dry and unedible, the bread for toast was stale. I was so dissapointed wasting my $15

Everything was great except for the amount of moths. There were so many that appeared in my room and we had to catch it and put it outside

Upon check in staff were very friendly and acomodating, parking is an issue especially when full and are disabled and have to pay $15.00 a night for a room you already pay for. Breakfast was a disapointment again for the price i have had better for free at other hotels. I am local to colorado and like to just get away, and will not return after the let downs. Positive, rooms were clean and bed comfy.

I stayed at the Holiday Inn Denver East for two nights while in town for a concert, and overall, it was a solid stay. The Uber ride from the airport took about 40 minutes with traffic. Upon arrival, the front desk staff member who checked me in was very friendly and accommodating. I appreciated being able to check in early (for a fee), which was totally worth it.

The room itself was decent — the bed was extremely comfortable, and I liked having a balcony. However, there wasn’t any patio furniture, which would have made it much more enjoyable. The water pressure in the bathroom could have been stronger, but the towels were great quality. Temperature in the room stayed comfortable the whole time, which made it easy to relax.

One of the best features is their complimentary shuttle, which takes you within a 2-mile radius of the hotel. The first driver we had was excellent — very kind and accommodating. Unfortunately, the second driver we encountered during most of our stay was noticeably rude and standoffish, which put a damper on the otherwise helpful service.

I also visited the bar during my stay. The drinks were really good, but the bar staff came across as a bit rude, which was disappointing compared to the quality of the cocktails.

On the positive side, I was granted a late check-out on my last day, which was a huge bonus since I had a later flight. That extra bit of flexibility really stood out.

Would I recommend? Yes — for a quick trip, this hotel is comfortable, well-priced, and has nice amenities. Just know that service experiences may vary.

Everything was great!  It would have been nice when we arrived a little early to check in if they would have offered to store our bags so we could go eat but that was the only thing that wasn't a big deal.

I came to Denver to watch some ball games at Coors Field. This hotel was quite a bit cheaper than downtown hotels close to the stadium and was also fairly close to the Central stop on the A line from the airport. Hotel has a great free van service to any location within a 2 mile radius. Van would give us a ride to the A line stop and also pick us up when we came back from downtown (as long as we called before 10 P.M.) miserable wi fi that only worked in the lobby.  No free breakfast but there is a Wal Mart within the 2 mile radius and rooms have fridge and microwave to store and heat up food. I'd probably stay here again because of the van service.

I’m very unhappy with my stay. The service was. Horrible. Burger and craft was bad. The prices you think you get sometimes better. My bill was $12, I gave $20 and they never returned with my change. I didn’t tell them to keep the change. It took me to ask to clean my room after waiting to see if they would after three days. Then when I checked out. They charged me over $105 for parking, no where did they say parking was a fee and how much. They make you scan a QR code and that never says what the charge is, it only ask check in and check out is and license plate. I wasn’t expecting a parking fee. Also they charge for crapping microwave breakfast. Greasy nickel and dime you to death. Then they double charge for the three night stay. They said they took it off but I can’t believe them and would not give me my bill. They said printer wasn’t working. They said they emailed, but I haven’t received anything. I feel I’m being scammed, I’ll be calling my bank, Hotel GM, and booking agency. They over charged me over $500. Also, Lorean tried to help but nothing was working. Lulu made it worst she started arguing with me raising her voice and looked like she wanted jump over counter and hit me. I keeper my cool, I would want her as an employee.

Definitely would not recommend this place. We had nothing but problems:

First of all, we paid extra for a 'mountain view' room and that was absolutely a lie. One side of the hotel does have a beautiful view, but the view from the corner rooms is mostly blocked. You can technically see part of a mountain, but it is definitely not worth paying extra for. So if you want a mountain view and they try to put you in a corner room, just ask for a regular room.

We were told when we called that the hotel has free parking. It does not.

We were also promised early check in two separate times when I called. We built our plans around this. But when we got there, we were told we couldn't check in until 4. This caused major headaches for our first day of vacation.

The air conditioning in the rooms is atrocious! We were freezing so we turned it off, but it just kept blowing. The thermostat did not seem to be working.

The water in the sink always came out hot, no matter what we tried.

The water in the tub did not get hot enough, it was barely lukewarm.

The worst part was that they sent a maintenance man to our room at ELEVEN AT NIGHT. Nobody bothered to contact us about this, despite the fact that they had our information. Apparently water was leaking from our room to the room below, which I understand was surely an emergency. However, there's no reason they couldn't have at least sent a text to warn us. Coming in to your room that late to find a stranger in it is quite a shock.

They sent me an automated text early in our stay asking for feedback. I replied indicating that we were having some problems, but nobody responded.

I have stayed in other Holiday Inns that were lovely, but this one felt like a Motel 8 with the Holiday Inn price tag.

The staff is very friendly at this hotel.

But this place is in a severe need of remodel. My room had multiple broken pieces of trim on the cabinets, there was a handle to something laying on top of one of the cabinets, and when you turned on the shower, water sprayed everywhere from where to detach to the wall.

The air conditioner was so loud it was hard to get a decent nights rest.

And the outside noise comes through the windows, I was on the 9th floor, and I could still hear the people mowing the grass in the morning

Very interesting building in a convenient location. Easy bike lanes to downtown and lots of amenities nearby.

Terrible hotel so outdated looks in side like in the movie prison looks rooms so nasty and outdated also breakfast terrible. We chose this hotel because we stayed in California Holiday inn it was amazing breakfast it was amazing renovated hotel, trust me. I took just one picture to see how filthy looking but I can’t take a picture of the smell.

I had an amazing stay at this hotel! Everything was great, comfortable rooms to the excellent amenities and service. A special shoutout to Lorena at the front desk, who was incredibly helpful and kind. She truly prioritizes hospitality and made our experience even more enjoyable. Highly recommend this place!

This resort has potential to be great. The location and proximity to airport transportation is a plus. The views from western facing rooms are spectacular. However, the way this resort is managed and staffed ruined my experience. I have been an IHG platinum elite member for years. I have stayed at Holiday Inns all around the world. I was disappointed by my stay in Denver for a number of reasons. 

Upon arriving, I was not welcomed or greeted as an IHG platinum elite member. I would not have gotten my welcome drink or amenity points had I not asked for them. No attempt to upgrade my stay was made upon arrival.

We finish checking in, and head to our room. We have spent several hours traveling at this point. We are tired and in need of a shower. The shower head was not working properly and there was no hot water. Needless to say, it was unpleasant. We let the front desk know and dealt with it because it was rather late and we were in need of rest. 

Upon waking up in the morning, we realized that the ‘mountain view’ we booked was not given to us. We were placed on the second floor and could not see beyond the trees. 

We were told to call around 11AM the following day to see what alternate rooms were available. We called and were promised a call back (which never happened) Only after calling a second time were we contacted again. Despite chatting with three different staff members across various points of the evening/ morning / afternoon it was not clear if we would be moved to another room. 

We were moved to another room. This one was at least on a higher floor so we could enjoy the view we paid for. However, it reeked of cigarette smoke and the floor was dirty. The fridge was also unexpectedly off, and so our food went bad during our stay. At least the shower was warm so we let those inconveniences slide. 

Lastly, the hotel shuttle system is run inefficiently. The drivers are kind and safe, however they were not immediately outside or near the lobby to transport guests and could only be called by the front desk staff . This increased the wait time and making it difficult to arrive it to transit stops in a timely manner. Despite being in the lobby 10 minutes before our intended departure, we were stuck waiting in the front desk line to notify staff about our shuttle need. The front desk was not adequately staffed, with only one person manning it during morning and check out hours (when it is most active in our opinion) She was trying her best but she needed another person to help. Please staff the desk better during peak hours. The delays caused us to missed the train and had to wait for an extra 20 minutes in the summer heat - delaying our travel activities. 

Despite all of the above, there were some benefits to staying here. The beds were comfortable and the location near the highway made it a great launch point to the rest of the City and area. With some intentional changes, this resort can offer a much better experience to its guests (especially IHG one rewards members who expect better from this chain)

My stay at this hotel was absolutely outstanding, and it truly deserves recognition. From the moment I arrived, I was greeted warmly by the front desk staff, who were professional, attentive, and eager to make me feel welcome. The check-in process was quick and efficient, which was greatly appreciated after a long trip.

The room was spotless, spacious, and extremely comfortable. The bed was exceptionally cozy, with soft sheets and high-quality pillows that guaranteed a restful night’s sleep. The modern yet inviting décor, combined with a peaceful and quiet atmosphere, made my stay even more enjoyable.

The hotel’s location is another major advantage. Conveniently situated in Denver, it provides easy access to local restaurants, shops, and popular attractions. The secure and accessible parking was also a big plus, especially for those traveling by car.

Breakfast exceeded my expectations with a wide variety of fresh, well-prepared options. The restaurant staff were attentive and friendly, ensuring everything was perfect.

Finally, I was impressed by the hotel’s cleanliness and commitment to guest safety and comfort, which gave me a real sense of peace of mind. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Denver, whether for business or leisure. My experience here was memorable, and I will certainly return on future trips.

the breakfast was horrible and worse the school food and never changes. there was mold on the ceiling above the shower, the bed was uncomfortable, and a huge reason we wanted to book was for the pool use and it was ice cold and not useable. overall for what we paid a night was not worth the quality

The front desk lady was very passive aggressive and practically accused me of fraud while checking in. I’d paid for the room beforehand but was paying the deposit with my boyfriend’s card.

Completely disinterested in helping me, went back to pretending to look busy after she told me I couldn’t check in and there was nothing she could do. I definitely wasn’t going to be able to get my money back, and she couldn’t care less.Im like, umm hello? So what now?

She said my name had to be on the card or I could do a cc authorization. Proceeded to state THREE times over the next 45 seconds that I would be committing fraud if I had the  authorization sent to my email address and not the cardholder’s. Her tone was rude and accusatory.

I had already paid for the room. I didn’t appreciate the hostility. This is a hotel. People are tired Nd have been traveling all day, it is stressful enough without having to deal with some hipster desk clerk on a weird power trip trying to belittle the guests. In the forty minutes it took to check in I also witnessed her being rude to another guest who didn’t speak English well. I would never come back to this place.

Parking pass sucks to have o do I yourself.

It definitely feels like an Old Embassy Suites.  The building is old but kept up and rooms were clean.  Not far from Coors Field.

Our rooms HVAC system was not working at all. After several calls to the front desk and then dealing with the maintenance department we were moved to another room. This room was better but not as nice as our original one. We did not have any balcony furniture and it was very near elevators. 
We are hoping IHG will make these inconveniences right with an upgraded status to a Gold Membership.

Location of the hotel and view of the mountains are great. However, staff were not very knowledgeable or helpful when asked about navigating the city.  Also, the room was not serviced the entire length of my stay and had to ask daily for new bath towels and asked for room to be serviced fully each day and it still was not. An expensive pair of headphones were also missing after I stored my luggage at the front desk for the day when I checked out.

MY STAY WAS PHENOMENAL!  I will never stay anywhere else but Holiday Inn from this point forward.  Only con was parking fees. It states $15, but actually was $26.01.  Would be nice if some sort of discount could be given to guest.

"I encountered several issues during my stay. The staff was unprofessional and displayed rude behavior. My room was not cleaned throughout my stay, and a cleaner entered unexpectedly at 4 PM. Additionally, my kitchen order was incorrect, leading to extra expenses. On the final night, I was denied food service. Despite the convenient location, I cannot recommend this establishment due to its poor service."

They didn't clean the room room service came into the room without asking. Rude staff and unpolished service. They denied me food lol

Parking is challenging until you figure out the parking garage. The lobby looks nice inside and they have a 24 hour little market that was super helpful.  Overall, not the most clean. The balconies could really use a power spray, the walls in the bathrooms should really be wiped down. They have random pieces that are new and high quality then there are others that are in serious need of improvement. The sink in the bathroom is a very slow drain so the sink backs up. The water in the shower didn't get hot, luke warm at best. The smell of vomit was really strong outside the elevators on the first night, but thankfully they got some air freshener in there. We interacted with quite a few of the staff and everyone was really pleasant and provided great service. I'm not sure I would stay at this location again, but I also feel like it was a decent value for the price. The mountain view was nice and that helped.

The hotel room was very clean and the staff was very nice The only downside was the furniture in the lobby was  really worn out and torn up. Despite the shabby condition of the couches, they were still quite comfortable....They may want to consider replacing them or repairing them if replacement is not within the budget.

We have stayed at this hotel many times when we visit Denver once a year and will NEVER stay here again. Housekeeper only came once in a week long stay. Carpet and chair in room were filthy. They now only have a breakfast buffet for $15 a person. Food was awful and cold, so we went elsewhere after one try. The staff at the front desk were useless when I took down the dirty towels that were in our room at check in time. I was told that most people don't spend much time in their rooms so it wasn't a big deal if it was filthy. Hadn't been dusted in a very long time. Will be staying elsewhere with other wedding guests for a wedding next August.

Positive: Unique style and close to where we needed to be Negative: Bathroom very small, overwhelming sewer smell when you walk in the front doors, online states free continental breakfast and there is only pay breakfast, you have to pay for parking. Disappointed had to check out early to find breakfast to accommodate.

Very busy location, no outdoor seating, clean but outdated

Positive: Air conditioner. Negative: The room wasn't vacuumed  crumbs on floor toilet paper holder was broke and fridge didn't stay cold. Ice machine on floor didn't work. Very disappointed stay. Never stay in a holiday inn again or ever recommend it to anyone.

I really like staying at the Holiday Inn express. There’s some things that I can usually count on. It doesn’t have to be the most updated but it does have to be clean.
When we came in two people behind the desk were talking to each other and we had to wait till they finish their conversation to get checked in. It was disappointing but oh well.
We found out after we had checked in that we had to pay for parking on the hotel property. I find this ridiculous if you pay for a hotel room you should be able to park on the property for free. Only did we have to pay a fee, but we had to go to an app and pay.
When we got to her room my husband was studying for a state exam, and I was sitting on one side of the room and he was sitting on the other. The chair in the room was so filthy that I didn’t want to sit on it. I sat on the foot rest instead. That’s when I noticed that the carpet looks like somebody spilled grease on the floor and didn’t clean it up. The carpet looked like it had not been vacuumed. That’s room 828. The air conditioning in the room was unbearably cold yet. It said it was 74° not 74°. We fought with the temperature gauge all night long. If we shut it off it was too hot if we turned it on, it was too cold no matter how high we turn the temperature. 
I have stayed in this hotel before, but I have never been this disappointed.
When we checked out, I mentioned the stains on the carpet, the two people at the desk exchange glances as if I was a Karen. Thank you so much.

The room was 75-82 with the AC running icy cold 24/7.  The shower only had one temp - slightly too hot to stay in the stream, but not scalding.  The doors did not close all the way without intentionally pulling/pushing very firmly. When we reached our room initially the door was open.  On our third day housekeeping came in while we were gone due to a misunderstanding about our extend stay and did not pull the door closed, so it was open when we got back at 11pm. Thankfully nothing was missing, but anyone walking by had full access to our room all day long.   We will not be back.

Carpet in room was disgusting, shower head was broken, pool needed major cleaning cigarette butts in pool and trash all around pool not heated extremely cold, hot tub was broken, TV remote did not work. paid for parking even though I parked on side street as parking lot as was always packed. Informed hotel staff and nothing was done about it.

Just sleeping on a comfortable bad.
Water leakage from air conditioner
Room was changed
Assigned room just above the outer ac unit of the hotel building and very noisy
Room was changed again.
I have never connected to wifi in the third room.
I informed the front, no technician came even if I warned two times.
Hotel staff did not care about my request.
Terrible customer service

My wife and I recently got stuck at the Denver Airport so we called Holiday Inn. We told them we were stuck at the airport and they said they offer a free shuttle that would pick us up. So we booked the room and they gave us a number to call for the shuttle. So we called for a ride and they told us they don't pick up people for free outside of the certain radius. So we called Holiday Inn back to cancel our room and they told us we could not get a refund on that short of notice and I told them they lied to us about the free shuttle because they knew how far away we were because I told them we were at the airport at the very beginning. The gentleman I talked to said we had to apply to get a refund. We did get our room canceled on the spot, but it's been 5 days and so far no refund. My wife has received multiple emails from them and it seems they are unwilling to refund our money. If you need the money that bad that you are unwilling to do what's right, you clearly don't know how to run a business.

Arrived after a long day of traveling and I just wanted to take a hot shower. The person at the front desk Eligh? Helped me. When I walked in he was fixing a mistake of placing someone in the wrong room. I should’ve just turned around there but I gave him a chance. We went up to our room which was on the 10th floor and the keys didn’t work. Went back down and we were placed in a different room. He was quick to fix it but at that point I was already irritated. The shower would not go past Luke warm water and the rooms cleanliness was questionable. We asked for an extra blanket and pillows and after 45 minutes we were called back saying there was non available. Also as I was checking in a pest control person was there working in the rooms. Honestly I’ve let a lot of things go this has been possibly the worst holiday inn hotel I’ve ever stayed at. DO BETTER IHG!!

The hotel is nice and big, but the pool was very dirty.

Positive: The lobby area was very nice. Negative: The staff was unhelpful and had poor customer service. The rooms were not clean. We received no maid service during our stay. Deadbolt didn't work. Locks on balcony door didn't work. Stains on the carpet.

Staff was super helpful and nice. My stay was quick and easy. Parking does cost $15 and the interior of the building looks very institutional from the rooms. Stark and plain but that doesn't effect your sleeping =)

I stayed on the ninth floor and for the small additional fee. It was well worth it for the convenience of having a nice size balcony and beautiful view. The room was quiet, bed was super comfy and great water pressure for showers. I would stay here again.

We had booked this for a trip to the ballpark. Staff was very friendly and helpful but it was very frustrating not having the AC work with the room being around 80 degrees. We had to contact staff four times to finally be moved to a new room. We also booked a balcony room and was unable to use due to a lock being placed at the bottom. There was also no fan in the bathroom. Overall I would not recommend

I booked this because the price was good and the location worked for my needs. The room was by the highway, with loud with traffic noises at all hours. Luckily they had earplugs. The restaurant and lobby plays loud music into the night, which carries everywhere. I got a corner room which was a little sheltered from the loud music. The AC control was on the wall, so my efforts to change the temps on the AC failed the first night. It was too cold for just sheets, but the blanket was thick and too hot. When my neighbor came in and out, the door slammed and the wall that my bed was against shuddered. The fridge was tiny, with no real freezer. Parking was an extra $15, and the breakfast prices were market rate. Luckily I mostly just needed a place to sleep. And it was near a Chick Fil A, gas station, and some shops.

Would never stay again. Barley warm water in the shower. AC units are set so they can not go below a certain temp. Uncomfortable mattress. Lumpy pillows. Very small rooms. TV does not work right.  Feels more like a prison then a hotel. Carpet everywhere is stained. Overall just sloppy looking place. Staff is indifferent at best. You have to pay to park.

I stayed at this hotel as part of a larger group so everyone could stay at the same facility. It was not at a discounted rate but the facility felt like a low budget option. Poor security, outdated furnishings, poor temperature control in the room, no cold drinking water from the tap, freezing swimming pool. The walls were so thin, I could hear the guests next door to us snoring! The room was clean and the view from the balcony was pretty but I wouldn't stay here again, not worth the money.

Staff was lovely, room was great. The breakfast buffet was delicious!

Do not stay here! They moved us three times in the first two hours to find a room that had A/C. Then we get to our room and have zero hot water and hot water pressure. It also looked like someone took a crap and then finger painted with it all over the bathroom. The elevators are also a joke. You have to have your key card to go up or down.  And most of time it doesn’t register so you just go up and down on the elevator until someone hits the call button on your floor. I hate leaving bad reviews but if I can save one person from this hell hole Ive done my job.

Small room. Loved patio though and breakfast. Except not free neither is parking. People nice.

When I arrived to my room it was 79 degrees. No matter how i adjusted the thermostat on the wall, the room stayed at 79-80 degrees. A call to the lobby got me a promise of a technician right away. 30 minutes later I walked down to the lobby. Thankfully I was offered another room. While in the lobby, i overheard a conversation from a man who found other people's belonging in a room he was checking into. They gave him a new room too. Ice machines on 5th and 11th floors weren't working... not sure about the others. Filled water bottle in bath room sink but only hot water came out. I won't be staying here again.

Poor water pressure and temperature.  Room ac did not work all the time.  Drain in bathroom virtually clogged.  Furniture in room was ok.  Some damage.  Eggs at breakfast were HORRIBLE.  So were potatoes.  No oatmeal.

No cold water in the hotel.  Concierge said it's a known and unsolvable problem.  Was not able to shower.

Everything was great and as expected except the parking fee. Only $15 tho and we were able to see the car from the room. Patio needs some love to seem like a nice place to hang out. No furniture or decor on either patio. Free coffee in the morning was decent. Too bad there was no free breakfast like pastries and such. Great restaurants all around including within walking distance.

Not my favorite Holiday Inn IHG hotel ever.  Paying for parking as a guest?  Seriously?  NO!!  I paid a good price for the room.  Parking should be included…PERIOD!  Got to the room and the phone was in pieces.  Called front desk.  Phone was fixed within minutes, but still…should have never been like that.  Pool was FREEZING for a heated pool.  It’s end of July / beginning of August.  I know frozen lakes that are warmer.  Felt like I was inside a bee hive.  Just wasn’t the experience I thought it would be.

So nice to have a balcony.  I got some great sunset views.  The balcony sliding door is hard to open/close.  The hotel atrium gives a retro vibe.

The two women from Serbia and Croatia that were working the restaurant were outstanding.  They were very friendly and made sure that we were taken care of while we enjoyed our time.  The food and drinks were on point.

I loved the hotel itself it was a great experience for my mom and i!! i would highly recommend staying here at any of its locations!!

They had to change me rooms because the shower did not work . Next the hot tub was not working and was not hot it was cold,the pool was way too cold,the floor from the pools were so slippery,there was mold  by the pools ,don’t recommend going to the pool

This hotel looks good online but when I went to check in there were literally people arguing in the parking lot. I got the very late from El Paso Texas and wanted my room right away. It took the front seat receptionist 20 minutes just to acknowledge us because she was in the phone with what I am to assume another customer. When we finally got our room it was like trying to enter a correctional facility everything required a door key and while that sounds good because they are trying to keep people out who don’t belong there. It makes for a difficult process to get into the hotel. When we got to the room it was very dirty. There were red stains on the floor. The worse part was the balcony has a sliding door that did not manually lock. Therefore anyone could jump a small wall and murder us if they wanted while we were asleep. Very disappointed.

Paid $205 for a room, the paint was peeling, the bathroom fan didn't work, the AC wasn't turned on so the room was 87 degrees when we walked in. The door to the room was pretty hard to get pushed open, and the cabinet door for the fridge was jammed. No light switches, just the 1 bed side lamp and a desk lamp - had to use our phone flashlights to find the lamp switches when getting back after dinner. Sucky experience for the price paid.

Would definitely not waste your money here Unfriendly staff Members room was dirty smelt like weed even though it was a non-smoking hotel the TV is very cheap. Don’t have much channels. Hot tub was broken. Pool was ice cold. You have to pay for parking. Don’t waste your money on this Holiday Inn.

We booked this hotel for 6 nights but only lasted one. The carpets were filthy, the bed felt grimy, and the overall cleanliness was just unacceptable. We checked out early the next morning at the front desk, explained everything, and were told someone would follow up about a refund. No one ever did.

Every time we called, the staff (while friendly) gave us the runaround and offered no real help. In the end, we paid for six nights and only stayed one, even though we had confirmed our check out with the staff. then had to book another hotel last minute and pay all over again. So yeah, we essentially paid double for one trip.

I rarely leave negative reviews, but travelers deserve a heads up. If something goes wrong here, don’t expect any accountability or resolution. Spend your money somewhere that actually cares.

Parking fee charged $60.00. I was told it will be waived. But charge still on my credit card.

The hotel needs some room updates. The room smells like cigarettes and the air needs better circulation. The beds were ok but we had 1 good pillow out of all 8 in the room. We asked for a fan for the room and they gave us a small table top fan. It definitely helped but would be nice if it wasn’t needed. The pool needs updating as well. The restaurant/bar on site is nice. The information about breakfast needs to better communicated to the guests upon check in. The breakfast was good after we figured out how it works. We stayed for 5 nights and wanted our room cleaned one day while we were gone most of the day. We came back later in the afternoon and our room still wasn’t cleaned. We had a wedding to get ready for so it was frustrating that we couldn’t have a fresh clean room and towels. We had to go down to the desk and ask for some towels and washcloths. We were given towels but no washcloths. We were told washcloths would be delivered to our room but that never happened. I’m guessing they are probably understaffed and you can tell. We went to the front desk MULTIPLE times and waited for MORE than 5 minutes before anyone even came to the desk. I would stay again if it was a last resort. Will not be my first choice.

Positive: The balconies and the front desk staff Negative: Parking was a bit much

Do not book here, not up to Holiday Inn standards or any hotel for that matter. I travel a lot and this was not a good experience from start to finish. Two shuttles but never saw them move, driver sitting around doing nothing but refused to go extra mile to pick me up from restaurant 1 extra mile away. Room filthy, sheets with spots I had to change myself, three people only two towels, had to go get myself, patio but door unable to open, took two people to push open, no patio chairs as pictured. Carpet horribly dirty, drawers on furniture broken unable to use, bar tender did not know simple common drinks, breakfast cold hard and all dried out, potatoes French toast and sausage all inedible and had to pay for breakfast, only choice was their bad Buffett. Bathroom smaller than a cruise ship bathroom, step around toilet to shut door barely clearing toilet. Noise, every conversation from below echos all through open lobby up to every room . Were unlucky to stay when a party going on and could hear music and conversations till late at night in our room from down below, asked for quiet room, on top of party, we were put facing extremely busy street needing ac on all night just to lesson noise coming from street. None of the issues addressed by staff who was not nice at all, no smiles, grumpiest staff I have encountered, will never stay again on my visits to Denver and suggest you take a look at other Holiday Inns in the area as in general they are usually my go to hotel stay of choice, but avoid this one!

Hotel was a mess. The room was not clean, no cold water, people shouting and yelling at night and the AC smelt very bad and was very very cold since we couldn't set the temperature. The staff were nice but the room just was really bad. I have never experienced this before in the other locations this location was something else. They also really need to replace the carpets for the rooms since they were really dirty. The area as well did not feel safe at all. Will not come back again, I will look elsewhere when visiting again.

-When arriving the first thing we were greeted with was $15 a night parking, there were more signs telling us to pay for parking than welcoming us to the hotel. 
-The Lobby had a mildew smell, nothing overpowering but it's there.
-Our room door wouldn't fully close on its own so if you're not paying attention your room could get robbed real easy
-Our toilet seat was wet, we couldn't tell if it was cleaning chemicals or urine, either way it was gross.
-Stains on the rug
-the TV remote looked like it has never been cleaned
-the blackout curtains was held together duct tape
-the bath tub was borderline clogged with how slow it drained. If you didn't want to shower in the previous persons dirty bath water you need to wait 20-30min 
-No sound proofing. We were on the 6th floor and police sirens, motorcycles and loud cars kept waking us up
-I normally have good luck with Holiday Inn, that was not the case here

This place is in very bad condition. Carpet and furniture was dirty, furniture is broken. The area is very sketchy too. I definitely would not recommend

Positive: "" Negative: Pool was cold, neighborhood was sketch

My recent stay was a mixed experience. for the price, the room was adequate, providing the basic necessities expected for a budget-friendly hotel. the bed was comfortable enough, and the room was clean, which met my basic expectations for the cost. 
However, there were some notable drawback. The towels in the bathroom were rough and felt low-quality, which made them less comfortable to use. Replacing them with softer, higher-quality towels would greatly improve the guest experience. Additionally, the ceiling in my room was peeling, which was visually unappealing and gave the impression of neglected maintenance. 
The hotel lobby was uncomfortably hot during my stay due to a malfunctioning air conditioner, which made spending time in the common areas less pleasant. while not a major inconvenience, the laundry room was also out of service as they were replacing the washer and dryer, so guests needing laundry facilities were out of luck. 
Overall, while the room was sufficient for the price, the rough towels, peeling ceiling, hot lobby, and unavailable laundry room detracted from the experience. With some improvements, this Holiday Inn could offer a more comfortable and enjoyable stay.

We had an interesting stay, to say the least. We were in 4 different rooms, non of which were a king size bed I paid for. The first room, while the bed was made, had literal head indentations on the pillows. The second room which we stayed in a few nights ended up flooding from rain coming into the room from the window/door. I only realized it was flooding when the hotel fire alarms went off. However, i didn’t even realize they were going off in our hotel for 15 minutes. Apparently they were evacuating the entire 11th floor in which we were staying, but didn’t notify us. There were no automated alerts to the actual rooms and I thought the sirens were outside. The third room smelled like marijuana smoke so badly that gave my daughter and I both headaches. No ice machines worked on any of the floors we stayed on (3). Non of the wash machines were working. The hotel was overall very dirty and dumpy. ||When I went to checkout, no one was at the counter for over 15 minutes to which I had to leave for the airport. I tried calling on our way to let them know which took me over an hour to finally connect with someone.

Laundry non functional,room ok but food on floor from previous guests. Took plates while we were still eating breakfast, only hot water in bathroom sink.

Absolutely would not recommend. The room was dirty—stains on the carpet and bedding, garbage left from the last guest, and even a pube in the shower. The whole place reeked of pot, considering it was a nonsmoking hotel. The hot tub, which was the reason we booked, was broken. Showers had barely any pressure and no real hot water—just lukewarm. The fire alarm went off around 9pm due to flooding from rain in another room, and we had to wait 20–30 minutes for the fire department to clear it. Parking was a nightmare: overpriced, full of deep holes and dips, and I was nearly double-charged. When I asked the front desk about it while checking in, the staff was rude and unhelpful. To top it off, after already part paying through Hotels.com and seeing a charge come out of my account, I was told I still owed $600 and was brushed off with, “Expedia does that sometimes.” The rooms were much smaller than pictured (the photographer needs a raise) you could stand in the shower and pee in the toilet, and they were not clean. Terrible experience all around.

Buying or using points gets you a substandard room or no availability

The hotel quirks and small flaws would have been fine overall, but the hotel price is charging you for luxury and that is not what what you are receiving! There are too many flaws to justify the pricing of the hotel stay! The hotel price should have been adjusted for the amount of inconveniences to make it justified! you have to pay for parking separately per day, No cold water in the rooms, no working ice machines throughout the hotel, hot tub jets were out, remodeling is needed for tubs and shower heads, stains in the carpet throughout the hotel, ripped couches in the lounge area, microwave plate doesn’t turn in the room, AC half works and is extremely loud, the gym is tiny and has no working AC at all making it unbearable! The size of the hot tub and pool is tiny and doesn’t make sense compared to the amount of people that can stay in the hotel at a time. Paint chipping off the walls, the sound on the TV is ridiculous no chairs provided on the balconies. all of these flaws would have been fine if the price was accommodating to these inconveniences!

The staff were very friendly! The hotel looks like a prison inside; not very appealing. Lobby is not inviting to want to sit and relax and read. Restaurant breakfast food was good, but boring.  The room was hot, at night. You need your key to get in elevator, the hall to pool, the pool, but if you want to go outside across from pool, you cannot get back inside and need to go around to the front. The balcony has no table or chairs. The snack food was mostly junk, no yogurts or fruit or microwave popcorn.  There is no shuttle to airport.

When we asked to extend our stay a few days before we were told we could but we'd have to move rooms in the middle. Okay that's fine we asking last minute. We asked about the parking garage because if not you have to pay to park in their parking lot for the day and then again for over night. We were told you could park in the garage for free and walk. No directions given and the parking garage was very confusing to try and find the "tunnel" that connects to the hotel. Which we specifically asked about and were not given any more instruction other than to walk. The picture frames in the room were held together by scotch tape, we put a nightstand in front of the door that leads to another room, because the lock was faulty. The bathroom is dirty. The air conditioner was broken and when we called we got told an engineer would come up. They never showed. Thank fully we only had to stay one night and we canceled our reservation for the rest of the 4 nights to find something else. Oh also we put a chair in front of the door since we felt it didn't latch well. SOMEONE CAME IN OUT ROOM AT 9 AM NO WARNING. THANK GOD WE PUT THE CHAIR THERE. This was the WORST hotel stay ever.

Positive: It’s convenience for me, the price and amenities close by Negative: ""

A terrible stay as my room amenities were not up to par and not working. Staff received my complaints, but did nothing. WiFi didn’t work as well and the food and drink I brought with me had to be left out because the mini fridge didn’t work as well. Parking was sketchy, also

This was the worse Holiday Inn I have been. It looks more like a prison then a hotel. The room we were given smelled like weed. You also have to pay for parking and do it through a phone app. Receptionist was rude and definitely one of the prisoners that worked there. Don't waste your time or money @ this holiday inn. And almost forgot all the ice machines are out of order, seems they had a pipe burst a couple weeks ago and they still haven't fixed it. That being said we went straight back to the  front desk said that we did not like the room and returned the keys. Hopefully they will give us a full refund.

This hotel was in a perfect location for me and my family. Not far from the airport. A block away from an event we were attending. Unfortunately, no cold water. But I do understand you guys are working on that. That's what the great ones do. They work on an issue to make it better. I'll see you guys once again.

Our experience at the hotel was overall pretty pleasant. Starting with the downside: I didn’t like that we weren’t notified about the parking fee. I is kind of ridiculous parking should be included as part of the stay. The only issue we noticed in our room was that the A/C was a little loud, but it wasn’t a dealbreaker.

Now for the good: the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The hotel was mostly clean, and our room was comfortable. The bed was cozy, and honestly, that’s all we really needed: a place to sleep and shower, since we weren’t spending much time at the hotel anyway.

All in all, it was a wonderful stay for what we needed.

Fitness center had no AC for at least a week....still didn't when i cked put. TV's don't work on treadmills, water in dispenser in fitness center in warm, bathrooms are so small you can't close the door if you sit on the stool

DO NOT stay on floors 8+ during the summer unless you’re used to living in a sauna.

clean. friendly staff. comfortable beds. an inviting atmosphere and a good breakfast.  spacious rooms and lobby seating.

I was not greeted as a member OR offered an amenity. The girl with the blue hair was very short and seemed very grumpy. I was inquiring about breakfast with my stay. She made it real hard to understand.  never got it . I was also bit by some thing on my arm 2 times. I told the front desk and am they said was. Well I hope it's not what I think it is. Well it is. So check for bed bugs. I wells like some points back for my stay for the bites. Beds are comfortable. Katarina and itza were great.

We had business at National Jewish Health and selected this property due to its proximity to the hospital. Hey offer hospital rates. The room was nice and clean. They have a small bar/grill. They serve breakfast and dinner. No free breakfast, but they offer $10 vouchers for breakfast only. The rooms have a balcony. The door to ours was difficult to operate.

The staff were friendly and helpful. Oh, the ice machines weren't working, but ice was available at the bar. We will be returning to Denver and certainly will consider this property.

Good but not great. Front desk staff a bit abrupt, must be the big city

Just tear this place down.

UPDATE: The air conditioning drain clogged in our room and soaked the carpet with water before failing completely.

This dilapidated ode to airport hotels of a century past lacks A/C in the atrium and restaurant area, lacks functional A/C in the rooms, has poor water pressure, no functional ice machines, and offers few of the amenities IHG members expect.

Want rewards points for paying for parking? Nope. It’s a third party. Want to charge a canned coffee to your room? Nope, it’s a third party.  Ice is a luxury afforded only when the restaurant on site is willing and able.

On the plus side we did not observe the infamous sewage smell reported by others, the beds were comfortable, and the 11th floor views were pretty great.

Just the same, this weathered property and defeated staff should be an avoided by all but the most desperate travelers.  You can’t expect perfection at value pricing, but you should at least have the bare essentials that this Holiday Inn simply cannot provide.

Positive: Parking situation is horrendous, the west side of the hotel was closed for a pipe burst, no patio furniture on the balcony, no cold water, patio doors are difficult to open and close, housekeeping came in and started cleaning without checking Negative: ""

Enjoyed my stay at Holiday Inn in Denver East. Close and convenient to restaurants, stores and the airport.

Was a decent hotel but I guess they had water lines break two weeks prior to our stay that they did not tell us about  When we checked it, it had a faint smell of sewerage that lingered most of the 8 days we were there. They did not seem like they knew what they were doing. They gave us breakfast vouchers that were good for the well with breakfast at the restaurant but then changed it to a different area. They charged us for the parking fee nightly when it was supposed to be free with our stay. I had to actually talk to them about it mid stay because I noticed the charges. They did correct that right away but it should not have been an issue to begin with. 

I will stay the security there is great. There is quite a bit of homeless surrounding the hotel but everything in the hotel needed a key card to get to so it did not feel like there were just people roaming the halls. The room was clean and room service was done almost daily. 

I just wish they would have told us about the water line break before we stayed. There was no cold water at all. None from the sink and showers were really warm to scolding. Too expensive of a stay for what it was

From the moment we arrived, issues began. It took an unusually long time for staff to locate our reservation, and as we waited in the lobby, it was unbearably hot due to a reported “water issue” in the building accompanied by a sewer smell that was present all week. We were also informed that there was no ice available as a result of the same problem.

When we finally got to our room and attempted to shower, we found there was barely any water pressure, and the only temperature available was a lukewarm trickle. These water issues persisted throughout the week, making basic hygiene frustrating and unpleasant.

Even worse, there were serious safety concerns during our stay. The hotel’s surrounding area felt unsafe, and multiple guests made inappropriate comments and harassing gestures toward the teenage girls in our group (ages 15–16, who were in town for a softball tournament). The harassment escalated to the point where we had to involve the police for the safety of our group.

When I raised these concerns to hotel staff, I was met with indifference. While they acknowledged the situation was “awful,” no real effort was made to address the issues or to offer any accommodation for the poor experience.

This is completely unacceptable. Between the water issues, unsafe environment, and staff’s failure to take meaningful action, our stay was severely impacted.

Friendly Team.  Easy check-in.  Disappointed in two areas 1) Onsite parking is done through an external vendor - have to share payment/email/etc. with a third party (who knows who it is sold to) with no documentation of the charge available on the bill and 2) bill could not be produced at the time of checkout.

No es cierto que estacionamiento gratis,  me cobraron $50.00 por 2 noches.
La recepcionista no muy amable, me dijo que si no quería pagar: buscara en la calle,  fuera del hotel donde estacionarme y tampoco el desayuno es gratis,  me cobraban $15.00 por persona.

Fenced property with busted gate. That was the first red flag. Then they make you pay for parking. And breakfast.
The room was run down. Broken sliding door and stops. Torn patches of carpet. Air conditioning could not be set below... like 68. And after a half hour of "cooling", the room temperature had raised from 74 to 75.
Found hair in the bath tub.
Only saving grace is that the service was good. I was able to cancel my families stay with a full refund and find a better hotel further out from the center for cheaper.

Rooms are decent,tv,microwave and a refrigerator. All rooms have a balcony. Showers weren’t too hot though but I think they’re having water issues at present. Buffet breakfast 0600-1000 for $16 and restaurant/bar open at night for dinner. Lots of food options close by within walking distance. Didn’t check the pool out. But I’m sure it’s great? Would definitely stop here again if I was in the area..

Room is OK. Parking you: have to pay for and seems kind of high at $15 a night. Wi-Fi does not work unless I stand by the room entry door.

I really feel like this needs to be made right.  I don’t feel whole.

Room 313, not able to turn water on for a shower in morning. Sink faucet had two temperatures; hot and warm. Room telephone not able to answer calls from front desk. Check-in staff were pleasant and efficient however. Not a great start to my next day of work though with no shower and brushing teeth with hot water. Checkout staff listened to my experience but did not display any sympathy. I am assuming she has heard many similar complaints prior.

Update: numerous emails to the management have gone unanswered unfortunately. Promised an action initially from management but they did not deliver and now ghosting me.

I will say this this motel has some growing pains but through this we have to rember the staff deserves to be recognized they made a bad situation into a great experience they were helpful beyond words never getting flustered or angry always being polite and professional and empathetic of the situation the manger and staff could teach businesses how to do it though there were some issues i will b back because of the harding working kick ass staff ben a long time since i have been treated so well by any businesses .  So holiday in staff i give you and big thanks and we will se u again soon! Remember the staff hears negitive all day long but make sure to give them a compliment and a thank you!! Not everything is within their control.

This hotel is SO outdated and dirty. The carpet is, I believe, the original carpet from  many years ago. No padding what so ever and had burn marks as well as some nasty stains on the side of the bed. It was so gross that I needed to put a towel down because I didn't want to step on whatever it was. Road noise is out of control. This hotel is on a busy street, but because the hotel is so rundown the sounds were overwhelming. A refurbish is needed to get better windows to avoid the huge road noise, especially at night when trying to sleep. Upon checking out, there was no one at the desk, so I called out for someone 3 times. The person finally walks out of the back office, doesn't even say anything to me and just stares at me. I tell her I needed to check out and she still says nothing. Just stands there. She finally walks to the register and stands there. Showed her my room key and still not a word. Hands me a receipt and walks off. WORST customer service ever.

Keep the pool cleaned out.  And do something about having more comfortable beds

Not my favorite.  AC really didn't work much at all.  The place just seems pretty run down.   Stayed here on a work trip because for some reason all the Downtown hotel where insanely priced.  Nothin like staying at a W hotel for the price of the Ritz.

No cold water (or ice).  Staff was nice though. Pool and workout room were very hot.

Positive: It Was clean for the most part Negative: ABSOLUTELY IT SMELLS HORRIBLE, ALMOST LIKE THE SEWER AND THE MANAGER IS EXTREMELY RUDE AND ACCUSED ME OF STEALING MY BOSSES CREDIT CARD , SHE EVEN CALLED THE COPS ON ME , IT WAS EXTREMELY EMBARRASSING......

The front desk staff was very friendly but the rest of our stay was disappointing. Room was not tidied up while we were out, the location was not in an area as described and there was a distinct smell of smoke in the room.

I rarely leave negative reviews, but this place was beyond unacceptable. From the moment I walked in, the lobby reeked of sewage. It was genuinely nauseating. Things didn’t improve once I got to the room—there was no working air conditioning in the middle of 100 degree days.

There were bolts on shared doors, which made me feel incredibly unsafe. The balcony door was broken, and I couldn't even secure it. To make matters worse, the room hadn't been properly cleaned with stains on the carpet and boogers on the wall. There were broken acrylic nails and pieces of someone’s weave on the floor in the hallways. Absolutely disgusting.

Parking was nearly nonexistent, and I had to circle multiple times just to find a spot that didn’t feel like a tow risk. The area around the hotel is also extremely sketchy, with homeless individuals loitering everywhere, making it feel even less safe.

I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. It was dirty, uncomfortable, and felt unsafe at every level. Spend your money elsewhere.

There are better options out there.   We may have hit it on a bad week but carpets all needed to be shampooed, pool was way too hot and spa way too cold.  A/C unit is situated so it blows right on you and was difficult to adjust.  No cold water at sink.  Breakfast was good and they had cold water at front desk which was nice.

The room was nice. The pool and the restaurant are amazing. Food was good service was good. They have shuttle service witch is great. Only down fall is that the air conditioning is not great. The room was hot all night. Other people had the same issue. The motel is hot everywhere. I would really like to stay there again but not with it being so hot. It never went below 78.

I only had 2 problems, 1-it doesn't tell you that you have to pay to park there on the app.$15 per day. The restaurant was minimal, and nothing to brag about, too expensive for Walmart bought food.

Rooms are outdated and smell. Building has that old feel to it.

I had the worst experience here.  Not only with the area but also with getting my bill.
When I first arrived, I noticed the clientele wasn’t what I expected.  For being that I am very diverse and nonjudgmental. I decided to try this hotel anyway.  All night, long as I was using the amenities as you’re walking through the hallways there are people smoking weed everywhere trying to conceal it, but you can still smell it everywhere.  Then when I tried to check out in the morning, the lady said she couldn’t give me my bill that it would appear in my email.  Being that I travel a lot for my company I need to have a physical seat in my hand before I leave the hotel.  So when I got home I checked my email got onto ihg.com and I looked for my bill.  It said I had to contact the hotel property for my receipt.  It took me five days to get the receipt, going back-and-forth with the hotel with corporate Holiday Inn.  I’ve never been treated in such a poor manner for being platinum.  I had two reservations and I decided to cancel my second reservation. I would never stay here again, and I would never recommend it to anybody.

The room seemed to have been partied in. There were multiple burn holes in the floor throughout the entire suite. The lock bars for the sliding doors were broken off. Also, the bed was visibly broken. Not whay I expected from Holiday Inn. Had booked a mountain view, that was not it.

I did stay here, so, I'm not familiar with the cleanest of the rooms. I was transportation for a few guest there.

Staff took the time to help us feel comfortable after long and difficult travel.

Great location. Clean. Helpful staff.
Enjoyed my stay. Staff was very helpful. Bed was comfy. Would recommend to friends or family. Would stay there again.

Close to Denver with traffic about 20 to 35 minutes... Rooms are nice, and beds are really soft. They charge for parking so every night you stay add $15 more for parking. Glad im only here for 2 days. Breakfast isn't included. Rooms do have balconies.

The best experience with a good company,  All staff, excellent

Storms in Denver required I stay overnight before making my last flight home-- this Holiday Inn was easy to book through the app (I made the reservation while on the escalator exiting the airport), and was a nice room. The lady running the front desk was extremely nice and I had a good stay before continuing my travels the next day.

Positive: How easy it was to check in Negative: The fact that I am already paying for a room and parking too. I was put in two different room. One the toilet didn't flush and the second also didn't flush and it was extremely hard to open sliding door to balcony

My travel was delayed, so I was stuck in transit overnight in Denver, which was very pleasant! The room was easy to book (did it on escalator while exiting the airport), and the front desk attendant was super nice! Highly recommend! (I did not eat, hence the "3" rating for food and beverage).

The property is good and services are good. Staff is courteous.
Prices are on higher side.

I would not recommend to stay here. When it is raining, the water leak in from the balcony door. The carpet was damp! Leak all over the walk way as well. The front desk 1 out of 5 that we experienced seems like a normal front desk person. All 4, no greeting, no smiling, no service mind. Breakfast is around $10-$15, parking fee $15/day. The indoor pool section is small as the picture from the hotel site. Shower head doesn't have enough pressure and the drain is  slow. There are ants coming from under the carpet, put all your foods in the fridge. Even the room service came in to clean the room, they don't even refill the low Toilet paper, which is necessary! It is hard to find things that I like here than what I don't like. But I do like the breakfast, it is fresh made. There are water and coffee at the front desk. Help us get start of the day with energy. I'm platinum ihg elite member and stays with ihg a lot, I would say this ihg hotel is the worst that I ever experience. I hope ihg takes this for improvement. This hotel is really need attention to improve.

Positive: Location, easy to get to and from Negative: Dirty/stained carpet, broken handle on sliding glass door, smell lingering in the room

Not clean.  My balcony door was unlocked and I was above a roof of the second floor.  Easy access to anyone wanting to come in.  I'm a female alone.  On the roof was piles of cigarettes. My room was not Vacuumed.  Said they had room service.  No room service.

Positive: Location Negative: The room and the food

Positive: Clean room Negative: TV channels stink and hard to find guide. $15 for parking is extremely high

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We stayed at this hotel because it was close to city park, where we were running the colfax marathon. There are extra fees you have to pay- parking and breakfast, but otherwise the price per night was great. The hotel room was a little noisy with street noise but it was clean and comfortable.

Much better than I was here 2 years ago. Cleaner, better staff at desk. Friendlier as well

I recommend staying here. Plain and simple. Unsurpassed level of expertise in their field. Quite relaxing; indubitably! Chip, Chip and Cheer-I0's.

The original room was dirty and smelled like sewage. We asked to be moved. The new room smelled clean but the carpet was dirty and the headboard had “blood” like stains. The bed was old and had a dip, not comfortable.

We had some issues throughout our visit. We had a hotel block that we had over 15 people book through yet the list only showed 11 on it. We were told free breakfast with out stay, but at check in they never mentioned you need vouchers. When we went to breakfast the 1st morning they turned us away and said we needed vouchers. We told the desk how many we needed and we only got half that. We were then told for the next morning there would be a list, so we didn't need the vouchers. After breakfast one of the waitresses asked me for my voucher & I explained to her what we were told & she just agrued with me. 

The pool was broken, which was one of the main reasons we booked there for our soccer tournament weekend. We were given a banquet room to use for free though, so we could do our team bonding there instead.

The parking fee is a bit much for not a lot of spaces.

Really great stay at a great hotel in a great location with solid service, amenities, food, rooms, staff.  Thanks Holiday Inn.  See you soon.

Nice hotel, close to the airport and a very nice well lit parking lot. They also offered parking in and enclosed garage which was nice when you are traveling and don't want to unload your car all the way. Staff is very friendly and helpful- My room was clean and I very much enjoyed my stay! Thank you Holiday Inn East staff for a wonderful stay!!!

The balcony door was open to our room when we got there. I assume it was because the ac wasn’t working which we did not realize until trying to sleep. It was a horrible night trying to sleep in a hot hotel room, I would’ve opened the door to the balcony but I had my son with me and did not want him going out in the balcony without an adult. I told the staff when checking out the ac didn’t work and the response was “oh really?” And that’s it. Also had to pay $15 to park which is not mentioned prior to booking.

Positive: People were great. Very easy and convenient process. Negative: ""

Great location, great staff, just a little dated

이곳의 아침식사는 절대 예약할때 선택하지 말아야한다. 최악의 아침식사였다. 너무낡고 인터넷도 잘안되고 정말 내가 경험한 숙소중 최악의 숙소이다. 아침식사비를 내고 먹는것이 너무나 아까웠다.

My stay was ok the room was clean and the hotel seemed decent, I just think the parking policy was a bit misleading. I thought it was free because that's what it says on Expedia (I know don't use 3rd party websites to book hotels, but it was the cheapest price) and the receptionist wasn't very helpful he didn't really give us any information about the parking situation or what the ~$50 charge was for I figured it was for incidentals, but it should be clearly stated to avoid confusion. Also the water wasn't hot in our room.

Wednesday may 7/2025 on a vacation trip with my cousin Nacho he booked in the reservation and on arrival while checking in ask for directions for the restroom the girl on the front desk she was totally rude.
She said there was not a restroom available but I was urged to used it started walking looking for it and found it.

She ran behind me screaming and throwing insults
Asked her for her name she only mentioned something that I couldn’t understand

Then she send us to a room #223 that room only had hot water in the bath tub and bathroom sink.
We brought that to her attention she continued to behave the same way long story short our reservation was cancelled after waiting there for a longtime.

Rooms are nice. Service is...not great. Asked the blue haired...whatever at the front desk for a folding chair for the room so both people could work on their laptops and she looked at me like I had two heads. I looked at her like she had one head with neon blue hair. No chair.
Went down to grab breakfast at no later than 940 on a Saturday and was told the kitchen was closed. Confirmed later that they take orders till 10, so somebody was looking to get out of there early. So like I said. Nice enough room but the staff is not great.

This was a really nice hotel. It was clean, service was good, breakfast was really good too. Great price. It was an11-15 minute lyft ride to the convention center so not the most centrally located hotel, but the value was still quite good. Besides the restaurant in the hotel there were plenty of food places walking distance away (Seven Eleven, Panera, Chickfil-A etc.) Even with daily lyft rides, it was much less expensive than the more centrally located hotels. Only real complaint was that there was no safe in the room which was disappointing.

We chose the hotel for its location, amenities and price. We were not disappointed and we were made to feel important and welcome. We left with a good feeling!

Visited meow wolf. This place was convenient and affordable.  I absolutely loved my whirlpool in my room. And services were prompt

We stayed at this hotel in March 2024 and had a pretty good experience. A year later we came back and had the most unfriendly rude front desk staff I have ever experienced. We checked in late after a basketball game and she was short and rude through the entire check in experience. We accidentally dropped a water bottle on the floor and it spilled. Not wanting to leave a mess, I let her know and apologized for having spilled the water. She proceeded to point me to a box of Kleenexes to clean up the water, “since it was my mess.” She didn‘t hand me a towel, get a mop or anything, but told me to use Kleenexes or napkins from the bathroom across the corridor. When we refused to clean up the water with kleenexes or napkins, she canceled our reservation and had us kicked out of the hotel; a family of 5, at midnight. I am still in shock. If I hadn’t mentioned the water she never would have known and would have had to clean it up or leave a dangerous puddle for a guest to slip on, but because I courteously mentioned my accident, we were kicked out of the hotel. What happened to customer service? Does this front desk clerk not realize she is in the service industry and cleaning up the water was her job? The hotel did call us to apologize, but we couldn‘t even leave a review for the correct date because our reservation was literally cancelled, as if it never existed.

In the morning, I dropped off my suitcase at the hotel because we arrived too early to check in. The receptionist told me I would only receive one breakfast ticket for one day. However, I had booked a room for four nights with breakfast included each day, and I paid a higher rate for that option. Despite this, the receptionist insisted that I would only get one breakfast, even though my reservation clearly included breakfast for all four nights. It was really strange. So later that afternoon, when I checked in, I decided to stay just one night and canceled the remaining nights. I ended up moving to another hotel.

We checked in after a Nuggets game. After checking in we purchased ice cream and snacks at the store behind the reception desk. My son filled his water bottle and my wife’s, when he handed her the bottle it fell and spilled. We let her know and she said there was a Kleenex to clean it up. When we let her know that it was more than a Kleenex worth she said that the restroom was down the hall and we needed to clean it up or she would check us out. We asked for a mop and she yelled at us to clean it up. We proceeded to our room when she informed us that she was canceling our reservation. The security guard came to our room and informed us that we needed to leave because she canceled our reservation. Soon after the police showed up and escorted us out. We asked for a receipt to show that our room was canceled and for her name. She refused both! This was a horrible experience and I hope nobody ever has to deal with her or this hotel. We won’t be back!

Positive: "" Negative: You have to pay for every single thing, breakfast,parking, water.? that?s insane

Every thing was good except the beds they are horrible tried both of the queens. we booked the rooms because our water heater broke and we needed showers we only live down the street and I wish we would have went home to sleep my back is so aching beware of the old crappy mattresses here

Positive: Location Negative: Tiny room, dirty room, poor acting staff

Perfect location for the FTC across the street. Lots of food options in walking distance as well.

If I wanted to find a empty plastic bag in my room and a balcony door that doesn’t lock… as well as a room that smells like a jock stayed in here the previous night, I would have booked the motel6. The smell hit our noses as soon as we entered the room, I even asked if we should ask to change rooms but my partner and I decided against it as we only had a bit of time before we had to shower and change to head to our ur baseball game. The empty plastic shopping bag in the room was on the floor by the a/c unit, there was obvious lint on the floor… questioning whether this is clean. I’m not super boogie either and know I booked this for $215 which isn’t much, but hey, this is not what I’d expect from an IHG. We paid more to stay closer and choose something that seemed safer without paying double to stay in Denver. The smell was here even after we left the balcony door open for 30 minutes to try and freshen it up. Super lame experience - not sure what the hell happened here but be warned.

Do not stay here!!!  My children and I were placed in a room with an additional deck off the side with a door that did not have a lock from the inside.  Oddly enough you could lock it from the outside.  The door had no seal so not only was there a massively loud, could draft but you might have well been sleeping in the middle of the street.  Every emergency vehicle, large truck or loud drunk was right there with you!  When I talked to the front desk the lady explained that she was new and would have to talk to the manager who would get back to me, ya right! STAY AWAY !

Worst stay in this hotel. Bathroom tub and floor was dirty. Safety bar broken on sliding door, did not feel safe... returned too late to change rooms. Was awoken by an extremely aggressive guest screaming at the top of her lungs at the front desk for over a half hour. Complained to front desk with nothing but a we know. Not even a sorry. I'm not one to ask for refunds but a future discount would have been appreciated since we will stay here again but will inspect it room further upon check in, instead of when we return at 2am. I was extremely upset and disappointed with this stay and hope that our future needs can be meet. Thank you for your time.

The staff went above and beyond to be super helpful. The bar tender was super friendly and a face I would love to see again!

Flew in from NY for the first time, Great everything

This was probably a great hotel at one point, but those days are gone, stains on the carpet the walls the chairs waters temperatures turned down too low to take a bath and microwave did not work

Travelers BEWARE! I booked one night. When I arrived, the room was disgusting: boogers on the wall, a bug crawling on the sheets. Left the hotel and booked another hotel. Requested my money back after showing front desk employee that video of the bug crawling on the sheets. She said I need to contact the manager. Manager has not responded to my email or returned my calls. Also didn't respond to the company I booked my reservation through.

We enjoyed the stay. The people were friendly and kind. Very caring and for being a member, I am glad that I have the respect and greetings from the staff. Also my birthday weekend there was nice. We ennoy it all and would do it again

C est un Très bel hôtel, nous avons eu un très bon accueil, les chambres sont très propre avec un personnel à l’écoute |La vue sur Denver est très sympa |Les petits déjeuners sont remarquables et avec un choix variés |Tout était parfait je recommande vivement

Un expected charges, staff that dose not care that is just the way our system works , Other then the sink drain property in nice shape. Restaurant food and staff great. Plenty of security features Bathroon tight quarters

Positive: The hotel was so out of date. I do not see where any renovations were made. Negative: No renovations very outdated unhabitable poor air quality why does management feel that this old musty mildewy room is unacceptable for this rate for that matter.

Had my son in a room and still didn’t let me get an extra room key when asked for one. Absolutely gross. I don’t care what rules you got going on. Emergency is an emergency.

This hotel practices a deceptive breakfast policy. When you go to Google Maps, listed under amenities is “breakfast”, with a check beside it. When you check in, you are informed that breakfast is between 7 and 10. But when you actually go to breakfast, you find that a voucher is required. They do indeed have vouchers at the check-in desk but these come at an additional cost. Inquiring into the matter prompts a confused explanation. They say you are saving by buying breakfast directly from the hotel rather than paying for it through a third party. But breakfast was included, you explain. It is, you are told. You just have to pay for it.

You see, this is America today. From the very most remote echelons of power, we are schooled in the art of being lied to and then accepting it. Businesses that wish to thrive in this atmosphere of deception and greed must naturally lie to their customers. Wait, you think, this is contrary to reason and sense. I DO NOT ACCEPT being lied to. Business that behave disingenuously and dishonorably toward their customers must fail. We have self-respect. WE DO NOT CONDONE the adoption of any manner of deceit as a kind of standard. We resent efforts to take advantage of us. We will oust these people from their perches of power.

The hotel building is a bit dates so don't expect shiny new amenities but I liked the fact it has balconies so you can get some fresh air. AC in the room also worked well and it had good water pressure. Free shuffle to the Central Park station is also a great bonus. However, on the one night I was staying at this hotel there was some sort of party at the lobby or in the conference rooms and even on the 8th floor you could hear the music and loud noises. Wish someone mentioned that that this was planned. Additionally people in the room next door started playing loud music at 1am so the noise issue continued and reception wasn't picking up when I tried to call (potentially unstaffed at night). Overall it wasn't the best stay but it was also a pretty cheap hotel.

This was the first time I stayed at Holiday Inn Denver East. It was a great experience. The room and service from staff was awesome. The only confusing thing was the parking garage or parking lot. It wasn't completely clear where the garage was, so I parked in the gated parking lot, but wasn't sure if that was ok or not.

I stayed here last November. Being from a warmer state and never having seen or dealt with bed bugs, I can only blame myself for not checking before settling into the room. Got a decent deal to stay here but the main lobby area has a smell to it. The mop bucket water needs to be replaced or stronger chemicals need to be used.

Free parking underground but will be choosing a different hotel if I do come back to visit Denver.

We had two rooms next to each other in this hotel, neither room had hot shower, both tubs were slow drains. The restaurant was closed on our night of stay. Upon checking out I made the employee aware of the hot water situation and he offered to give me 3000 points per room for our inconvenience

That was three weeks ago and I have yet to see anything. I spoke to the hotel 10 days ago and was assured that I would see them in just a matter of days still nothing.

The mountain side of the hotel does have a great view. With some updates and maintenance TLC I could see this being a great hotel. I’m still a fan of IHG, I use them 6 to 10 times per month for work related travel.

Incredibly well Looking hotel very well maintained and the staff people overall are very informative, profesional and kind

Customer Service was the key of my experience.  She was so polite and helped me out to make my stay reassuring  TY .3333 Qubec  over nights Denver Colorado

This was a perfect stay it was quiet! Rooms were a tad smaller than expected but the balcony and view were great 👍  staff was actually very polite and shy seemed but nice ya know ... we came from Oklahoma so this was such a peaceful hotel to stay!

I chose Holiday Inn Denver East for its advertised laundry facilities, only to find them unusable after wasting over an hour trying to do laundry. Despite multiple opportunities, staff never mentioned the machines were out of order. The front desk sent me to the bar for quarters, where the bartender laughed, saying, “The front desk knows I don’t have quarters.” After finally gathering enough change, I loaded my laundry—only to discover the machine wouldn’t turn on.



On top of this, my room had a malfunctioning heater and a slow-draining tub. I emailed the Director of Operations but never received a response. Poor communication and lack of accountability made for a frustrating stay. Would not return.

I was very un happy with this location not my favorite place I've stayed ..............................................



..

Nice for a simple business travel, food was quiete good for the price

Pleasant stay at this hotel for my first visit to Denver. I was given a room with my preferences so kudos to Erica who assisted at check in and identified a room congruent with my preferences. I ventured into the city for an opera and outskirts to a ski resort as well as one of the entrances to the Rocky Mountain national park and found the location to be strategic for my personal and professional endeavors. Ali at the check in was also helpful so I am recognizing these two team members. The Arsenal refuge is minutes away and there’s a Panera nearby and excellent fueling options for the rental. I expect to stay again in the coming months. I’d add a comment on the balcony doors which require some renovation action. Let me say that as a fitness person, I really appreciated the gym with an excellent choice of equipment and the fact that there are earphones readily available is a major plus; oftentimes in hotels theseare unavailable so it’s good oversight to ensure this item is made available.

Should not have to pay for parking, A couple of staff are rude acting like your putting them out. Location is not the best. Location is not the best because of the homeless around and having to worry about theft.

Overall the building looks old and feels outdated, but is okay for a quick overnight stay during the trip.

Nice hotel. No real issues. Food at bar is just ok. $15 dollars to park for what?

I was first assigned a room on the top floor. I have 3 kids ages 4, 2, 1. As soon as we got out the elevator they started for the extremely climbable railing over an 11 floor drop. The design inspires vertigo and is super unsafe for little kids. I asked to be moved to the ground floor, was told there are no rooms on it. They put me on the second, and as I walked into the room I was immediately hit by a musty smell- it smelled like someone had been smoking in it. I asked to be switched again, same smell in the next room, and the next. I eventually accepted that the whole hotel just smells dank, as noted in many reviews I subsequently read. The room felt very dirty and dusty. It wasn’t until after my kids were in the bathtub that I noticed a number of hairs of a different color and texture than ours in the water, felt the slimy unclean feeling of the tub, and noticed some blood (!!!) on the side. At breakfast I was chatting with some other guests who all noted similar deficiencies. I was sitting at the restaurant table and glanced behind the TV hanging over my head and found the back absolutely LOADED with what must have been YEARS of dust. The whole place feels like the cleaning crew does the most cursory of jobs hitting some surfaces but not others and there is no time spent cleaning harder to reach places. My kids had been excited about the supposedly heated pool and hot tub and found both freezing. The front desk attendant could not even tell me when asked whether the pool was open “I’m not sure, im new, I can tell you in an hour when my manager gets in.” I stay once a year at ihg hotels because of the free night with the credit card and always find that the quality of the hotels that actually accept the credit is not great, but this one was abysmal and I’ve decided the value of the free night is not worth the hassle. I would literally pay money NOT to have to stay here again.  Also note we adjusted the temperature slightly in the room and the whole thing turned offf, not to come back on. Did not have heat all night.

No liners in trash cans. No cold water out of bathroom faucet. 2 shower heads and only 1 works. No way to lock balcony door which doesn’t slide very well. Wife said bed was uncomfortable but I didn’t seem to mind.

Apples
Metal tea tumbler
Apple sauce 
Pouches 
Diapers 
Bananas
Slices watermelon 
Smart Popcorn for Auggie 
Prepared salads?


I was first assigned a room on the top floor. I have 3 kids ages 4, 2, 1. As soon as we got out the elevator they started for the extremely climbable railing over an 11 floor drop. The design inspires vertigo and is super unsafe for little kids. I asked to be moved to the ground floor, was told there are no rooms on it. They put me on the second, and as I walked into the room I was immediately hit by a musty smell- it smelled like someone had been smoking in it. I asked to be switched again, same smell in the next room, and the next. I eventually accepted that the whole hotel just smells dank, as noted in many reviews I subsequently read. The room felt very dirty and dusty. It wasn’t until after my kids were in the bathtub that I noticed a number of hairs of a different color and texture than ours in the water, felt the slimy unclean feeling of the tub, and noticed some blood (!!!) on the side. At breakfast I was chatting with some other guests who all noted similar deficiencies. I was sitting at the restaurant table and glanced behind the TV hanging over my head and found the back absolutely LOADED with what must have been YEARS of dust. The whole place feels like the cleaning crew does the most cursory of jobs hitting some surfaces but not others and there is no time spent cleaning harder to reach places. My kids had been excited about the supposedly heated pool and hot tub and found both freezing. The front desk attendant could not even tell me when asked whether the pool was open “I’m not sure, im new, I can tell you in an hour when my manager gets in.” I stay once a year at ihg hotels because of the free night with the credit card and always find that the quality of the hotels that actually accept the credit is not great, but this one was abysmal and I’ve decided the value of the free night is not worth the hassle. I would literally pay money NOT to have to stay here again.  Also note we adjusted the temperature slightly in the room and the whole thing turned offf, not to come back on. Did not have heat all night.

I haven't stayed here yet, but after a SNAFU with Priceline the staff - particularly the Director of Operations - went above and beyond to help me with a very difficult situation. Thank you, Kathleen!

My experience was great I was there on duty but I loved every bit of my stay

I woke up to bed bugs. When I brought it to their attention they did not seem surprised. I had to get a new hotel at 3 in the morning. Stay as far away from this property as possible. 



 I travel for a living and this is by far the worst place and staff I have ever encountered. DO NOT STAY HERE!

I asked the girl at the front desk for the most quiet room possible. She did her best to accommodate I believe, however even being on the 11th floor all I can hear is drunk loud people from the the bar on the lobby floor because all the rooms wrap around it atrium style. don't stay here if you want peace and quiet

It was a great stay other then me receiving a bill and being charged for days I was not there

I just visited here because for an event for my MC and it was ok.

I stayed at this hotel in June 2024, it has taken me a little bit to write this review as it was a bad experience from the start. Before arriving to the hotel, I called the front desk to let them know that I would not be arriving until after midnight. They assured me that my room would be good to go, they would make it to where all I would have to do is walk in and show my ID. My husband and I arrived at the hotel after midnight, we were exhausted because the flights were not smooth. We got to the front desk and the employee could not locate my reservation. I showed her my reservation confirmation, she looked in a few different systems and could not locate me. I told her that I called the previous night and they assured me that I would have a room. She ended up having to put us up in a different hotel for the night and told us to call back in the morning to see what could be resolved. WE had to pay for the Uber to get to the other hotel which sucked because that meant we had to pay for the Uber to get back in the morning (money we were not expecting to pay during this trip).  When I called in the morning, the front desk employee found my reservation and said that there is a room with my name on it. We took an Uber back to the hotel and officially checked in. The next thing that happened is there were bugs in the bed (picture below).  This is not something I was expecting to see in a room that was "clean." The bathroom was another situation as the shower had very little pressure to take a shower. This was frustrating because a shower took almost twice as long to wash and then rinse off. Our stay did not improve, the ice machines broke at one point and the only way to get ice was to go down to the bar. Beware if you stay here, there is a neighborhood that is right by the hotel and there were concerning noises at night (loud popping noises). I would not recommend staying at this hotel. This was a disappointing experience for an IHG hotel.

No hot water, terrible water pressure, room was blazing hot, maintenance was unable to adjust room temperature or water temperature or pressure (I came to learn that staff is well aware of the water temperature issues), room stank of weed. No one ever answered when I tried to call front desk. Room carpet badly needs replacement. Glad I brought slippers. No mention of nightly parking fee on booking website.

I have been a member of the IHG for many years and I always try to book a room with the Holiday Inn as I have been very pleased with the overall pricing/quality ratio this chain offers.
I just got back from Denver Colorado where I stayed two nights at the Holiday Inn on 3333 Quebec Street Denver CO. This is the worst Holiday Inn I have ever stayed at (as for reference, I stayed at over 60 Holiday INN over the past 2+ decades).
This place needs some serious care and upgrade. Besides the friendliness of the staff at the desk and at the restaurant, and the restaurant food, there is nothing good to say about the property itself. Here is a list of problems I came across.
•	The two lamps next to the bed were not working.
•	There was no cold water, only hot water in my shower.
•	The flushing toilet was "hot" water, not cold water???? 
•	There were no USB ports next to the bedstand, only next to the TV, which is not practical when people like me use their phone at night to check the time and for the alarm clock in the morning.
•	The sink plug in the bathroom was rusted.
•	Some of the tiles in the bathroom needed to be replaced and regrouted.
•	The noise isolation from the street was very poor (My room was on the ninth floor).

I will not stay at this hotel during my next trip to the local area.

Hotel was very dirty upon arriving I wiped down all surface areas as there was dust and dirty everywhere. There was a yellow stain on the wallpaper in the restroom and my tub never drained when taking a shower. This caused buildup of products and very slippery dirty tub. The entire hotel smells like sewer and the hotel staff has minimal experience in hospitality. My birthday was during my stay in which some friends decorated my hotel door late at night. A birthday card and a piñata was stolen from my door when only authorized hotel staff should have been in the hotel. When brought to attention nothing was done and there was no follow up on this. The hotel staff also fails to allow delivery drivers to the rooms of hotel persons. This being said after a long shift had fallen asleep after ordering door dash. Within an hour of heading down after the delivery hotel staff has claimed they “ thew it away” a $50 meal that hasn’t been claimed in an hour” working a long shift and then having hotel staff throw away your dinner was super disappointing.

Just a few of many unfortunate situations this holiday inn put us in this winter.

I guess they had a sewer leak in the lobby at some point. The smell was disgusting and we almost left but the staff assured us the room wouldn’t smell and he was correct. Room on 7th floor was good.

Quiet, comfortable hotel. The bathroom was a little small and lighting in the whole room a little dim. Great check in process, friendly staff, and easy parking process.

I will never stay here again. This is one of the worst places I've stayed. The curly hair found on the sheet, pictured, and the chewed up furniture, is the least of what's wrong with this place.
The website is misleading, and shady billing practices lead me to believe they rely on dishonesty for a portion of their profit.
Also, if you're used to getting things delivered to your hotel room, you can't do that here. The elevators are locked, and the hotel won't accommodate.

Need to teach your drivers how to use the sams club gas station.
It's a one way not come as you please gas like other stations. And still had the audacity to come up to our car and yell at us infront of our kids!! When he was wrong. Quit hiring disrespectful idiots like this

My stay at the Holiday Inn Denver East was nice. The room was super nice and the staff was very friendly and helpful. Only con I have is the location as during the night of my stay I heard noise outside and I observed someone breaking into a car in an adjacent parking lot but the hotel did have security cameras watching the parking lot. Overall the experience was great and I would consider staying again in the future.

The hotel was nice for our stay; the room was nice/beds were comfortable and we appreciated the quick room/towel refresh every day. The pool is mostly outdoor (even though advertised as indoor/outdoor). We did have an issue with getting hot water in our room; front desk staff tried to do what they could but don't think maintenance ever checked; and no follow-up was done.

The staff are rude, entitled, and lazy. V on the night shift refused to get me a blanket when I told her my 8 year old brother was sick and shivering in bed. Another man on the night shift watched my dad stand outside knocking on the door in 30 degree weather until someone else let him in. When my dad asked him why he responded “you didn’t use the buzzer” even though he could see him knocking and they made eye contact. The dryer was broken so someone else on the night shift told us they could dry our cloths and we could pick them up in the morning and when we went to do that they said the mixed up our cloths with the dry cleaning and we had to wait till 4 to get them back, so we wore dirty cloths. If you want even human like treatment don’t stay here. When I asked V for her name after she repeatedly told me she couldn’t get a blanket for my sick 8 year old brother she replied with “Excuse me?”. My best advice, don’t stay here until they’ve fired the staff and replaced the management. One or two bad employees is a coincidence, when they all suck it’s the management. I’d also like to note that we called the diamond desk as were diamond elite members and when I explained our situation I watched them call the front desk and I watched V hang up on them.

The staff here is horrible, they are self entitled and rude. Specifically V who works the front desk at night who said she wouldn’t get me a blanket for my 8 year old who was sick and shivering in bed which I told her. When I asked for her name she replied “Excuse me?” Other staff members could see my father at the door while it was 20 degrees outside and left him there for 10 minutes until someone else came behind and let him in, when my dad asked the staff member why he didn’t let him in he said it was cause he didn’t ring the buzzer even though he was knocking and could see him. The hotel also lost our laundry with the dry cleaning order which meant we had no clean cloths until they got the shipment back in the afternoon (we dropped the cloths of at 12 the night before to be dried because their dryer wasn’t working and they told us they would be done in 30 minutes.

Geting in the parking lot from the road is not cool  but the stays was good

Wonderful stay clean and awesome staff jacuzzi and pool are the amenities. Can’t wait to have our next getaway. It’s our favorite local spot. The breakfast is also good. Haven’t tested the bar yet, but we’ll have to the next time.

My stay at the Holiday Inn Denver East from December 30, 2024, to January 2, 2025, was a mix of highs and lows. My wife and I got married at the Denver Courthouse on New Year’s Eve, making this stay a significant part of our special weekend. Unfortunately, the service didn’t quite live up to the occasion.

Walking into the hotel was delightful—the setup is unique, and the atmosphere felt promising. However, the issues began at check-in. Despite requesting a mountain-view room, we were initially assigned a room on the east side of the hotel. After some effort, we were moved from the 6th floor to the 11th floor to room 1100.

Sadly, the room wasn’t problem-free. That evening, we discovered the water pressure and temperature were virtually non-existent, making it impossible to take a proper shower. To add to the frustration, the room phone didn’t work, forcing me to go downstairs to report the issue. The front desk staff logged the problem and assured us it would be addressed. However, despite being gone all day for our wedding on New Year’s Eve, the issue remained unresolved when we returned.

After another report on New Year’s Day, we finally requested a room change. Throughout our stay, no manager reached out to apologize or offer any resolution, which was disappointing. As an IHG member, I usually expect a warm welcome and even small gestures like complimentary snacks, but this experience fell far short of expectations.

On a positive note, we appreciated the hotel’s aesthetics and overall vibe. Despite the poor service during this stay, I would consider returning, but only if there are assurances that similar issues won’t occur. Hopefully, the management can improve its communication and responsiveness to ensure a better experience for future guests.

Nice hotel.  Decent gym, great service in restaurant.  Especially from the morning waitress we always have.

I stayed at this location about a year and a half ago. This is under new management including a new chef. Changes were made and not for the better. I dealt with a unfriendly desk person, female with colored hair. Gentleman taking my food order was exceptionally rude. I ordered a cheese omelet. It was an egg white omelet. I asked for one that was not an egg white, still didn't get it right. I did have spaghetti and meatballs for dinner that was good. There no longer is room service or even the ability to call the restaurant to ask questions.

I do not recommend this Holiday Inn.

Great location. Shops, food and bars all close. Only about 15 minute drive to downtown.
Room was a bit small and one cover did have a stains on it. The curtains were hard to draw back too. However the room did have a good view of downtown.

The property is large and spacious. I enjoyed the open atrium. The room was also quiet and had a great view of the mountains. It was very easy to get to the Denver airport for an early morning flight.

I live close to this hotel, and have never visited. I was very pleased with the room and cleanliness. Most of all, I am extremely grateful of the kindness of the staff, specifically Josh working the front desk. I was in a tight situation, and he handled my check in and made my stay so much more peaceful and welcoming than many other places would have. Thank you Josh ❤️

The room was actually pretty small compared to other hotel rooms we've had before but we didn't mind it because of the large balcony with such a great view. The hotel was very clean as was our room. We ate at the restaurant for breakfast and it was delicious.

The hotel is struggling. There is no real hospitality.   The restaurant serves days old precooked food.  There are no wait staff.  The rooms are not cleaned or serviced unless you ask.  They won't tell you there is a parking garage out back.  They won't tell you that you can get a voucher for a crappy breakfast .    The room was decent if small.  The view of the Rockies was nice.  If your neighbors don't stand outside your door talking, the rooms are pretty quiet .  If you like lots of huge moths in your room you will be very confortable .   I know it's not 4 star but....

Also they offer a 500 point bonus to ihg members of they don't get room cleaned ... But they never clean any rooms so does that mean they give out 500 points to everyone that stays 2 nights ?

I arrived around 11 pm, was given a room with a broken balcony door, I requested to be moved. She moved us to another room on the same floor. We were met with loud music and talking from the room next to us. I called and spoke to the front desk 3 times. Each time being reassured it would be handled. My children were unable to fall asleep. At 1:30 am o just decided to get my kids out of bed, went down to the desk and asked to be moved. She was puzzled that I was wanting to be moved. I was told each time that they would be kicked out if it continued but instead I had to get my young kids out of bed and move because we couldn’t sleep. I have stayed probably 4 times. Even after my friend has his motorcycle stolen from your property.

No staff at the restaurant.  Need to clean guest room often.

As a touring musician who sees a lot of hotels, This is a very welcoming , friendly staff hotel. Open courtyard type lobby looking up to 11 or 12 floors. Open Balconies to walk out and enjoy fresh air,  smoke etc ( Denver) and a bar/grill inside. Although the bar closes at 7:00 p.m. here ...the Doubletree next door has an amazing Sports bar open till midnight.  25 minutes Uber from hotel to airport about $40. Looking forward to visiting again.

Easy to check in and in a nice location. Parking passes are required if you drive, but no payment is necessary. I would say the rooms need an update/renovation to have a more modern style.

Room felt dirty, ceilings were barely 7’ so being tall was not good, no emergency exit on my floor doors were locked and no way to exit in case of emergency, was over charged at the end of my one night stay. I will never return thanks but no thanks.

The good: I'm a fan of the old-school atrium and the dated architecture. The bathrooms appear to be recently updated, and the hotel is clean. The employees are nice, and it feels like everyone is trying. The breakfast burrito is really good and it isn't overpriced. The bad: I had a parking ticket on my car after doing my best to scan the QR code the night before and pay for parking as required. The morning hotel clerk waived the ticket quickly and pleasantly. The paid parking needs work. The hotel is close to DIA. I'd describe it as a good value. I'll be back.

Beautiful property, great staff & great shuttle service. Property & rooms were very clean. But rooms had bugs. Had to change rooms twice.  First room had too many firebug. Second room found a cockroach climbing on night stand. Third room had bed bugs husband bit around 30 times

Most disgusting hotel I’ve ever stayed at. Terrible smell. Old and ran down. The GM doesn’t care. He stands with a blank stare. No desire ti do his job, Everything is passed to the next. Homeless swarming everywhere. Not safe, not a great experience. I would not recommend this hotel or area. The hotel staff is ok. But every time i have checked in over the last year, i hear the same story. AC being worked on, heat being worked on, pool being worked on, and that smell….always an excuse. It’s been a revolving door with staff. That tells me there is a management issue. Nothing changes. Find a better place to stay.

Horrible horrible place awful lady at the front desk

I love this hotel. The rooms are fun yet cozy and I love the moving desk. The bed was so comfortable I didn't want to leave it. Luckily the breakfast was amazing (too many potatoes in the breakfast burrito for me) which helped get me out of the cloud of a mattress. If I was not on a budget I would have stayed longer. Only downside is the additional parking charge coupled with my budget.

I spend over 100$ for a night stay, and  drove over a hour just for the manager to say they cannot have me stay because I was 19 years old. Then I was asked to leave even though i paid. I had to sit on hold for 45min trying to get a refund. Which I’m not expected to receive for 7-10 days! Was looking forward to a night long getaway to have a night of frustration.

I was impressed by the impeccable cleanliness and remarkable courtesy displayed by the staff. The cozy room featured stunning downtown Denver views, ensuring my first visit was unforgettable and left me eagerly anticipating my next stay.

4 stars because they don't outright tell you it's 15 bucks to park each night you stay, extra and All the rooms are very noisy to the outside, making each night's stay unpleasant.  They do have a restaurant and bar,  so that's why it's 4, not less.

Woke up with two mice on the dresser. Thankfully my kids were asleep

I stayed for two nights, really comfortable bed. I only ate a quick dinner one night after my late arrival. There was a Walmart 10 minute walking distance away that I went to and it looked like there were other restaurants and shops in the area. Trying to get a taxi was a little difficult due to the heavy snow, so make sure to plan for this and make use of the free shuttle to the train station as an alternative (I wasn't aware of the free shuttle until I was leaving)

My family stayed here for one of 2 nights due to the location near the hospital when we were coming to visit family. The first room was outdated,  the bathroom had a broken toilet paper holder, the ceiling was cracked and damaged and the room phone did not work as we tried to call down to the office multiple times. The first night we had a mouse in our room crawling throughout our luggage which terrified my wife and had her very upset, after bringing it up to the front desk, the night worker was very kind and did his best to alleviate the situation setting us up with a new room and free breakfast tickets. First thing the next morning we had a worker walk into our room scaring my wife which was irritating to say the least. After moving rooms, within the first 10 minutes we had notice alot of bugs crawling on the curtains, carpet and the bed which was the last straw, I requested a refund for my stay and checked out immediately not even using the free breakfast tickets being concerned about the cleanliness of the hotel. The morning front desk person told me they could not refund me for my room and would mention it to a manager once they were out of a meeting and proceeded to say that the bugs were all over denver seemingly down playing the situation and not really giving me any reassurance that I would be refunded for my stay and I still have not been contacted by the manager. I have been a loyalty member for years traveling and staying with IHG all over the US for work  having diamond elite status in the past and currently a platinum elite member and this was the worst stay I have ever had at an IHG. I will never stay at this location again and would not recommend making a reservation here. I have never left a bad review in my life but this experience was to bad not to warn others

This hotel is located about 20 minutes from downtown Denver.
The breakfast at this hotel is served at the restaurant inside from 6am-11am. I would recommend when booking, include the breakfast.
Parking is $15 per day with access to underground parking although I already paid for my stay, I have additional charges I will need to contact this hotel about.

Staff and onsite personnel were very accommodating with the changes in plans.

My room was spacious and comfortable. Did have WiFi and signal seemed good for the most part but would sometimes have trouble connecting of an evening.  Customer service was good as well, very helpful when needed.

No hot water in room even after I switched rooms. Bathroom needed updates. Caulking falling into tub in both rooms

My trip was short but in the little time I was there the staff were great and helped me with everything that I needed. A problem arose and they immediately helped me fix it. I would recommend this hotel to people in the future.

My stay at the Holiday Inn was flawless. They exceeded my expectations when it came to the cleanliness of the room. Everytime I entered the room I was greeted with a fresh feeling. The staff was pleasant and the fitness room was also nice.

Worst staff and service I have experienced and treat you like they are doing you a favor for letting you stay at their hotel .

Pay to Park website didn't work
Front Desk had an attitude
Balcony door needs replaced
Bathroom needs repairs

Very poor service. Employee walk around with ear pods in their ears and guests are not their primary priority. Facilities are getting old and break - plugged bathrooms and no cooler in the work out room!

I went and tried to order breakfast that was advertised on the hotels elevator and the advertisement was false. In addition to this, the sliding glass door to the balcony in the room, the handle that goes outside was broke on the inside. The phones cord in the room was cut, from the phone itself. The cord was still in the wall.

For the most part it was very pleasant except for the situation with the room service I do want to acknowledge the management staff for their expedited concerns in rectifying the manner at hand kiddos to them.

It was my first time at this property.  Location was convenient and property was great.  Whenever I travel I try to stay at IHG hotels.

Had to kill at least 10 bugs in 12 hours of staying there. The shower was freezing cold too.

Great location, staff and room! I will DEI itely come back!

This hotel is dated a due for updates. The first room we got had a broken patio door that would not lock and the room had a stale smell, but my wife called the front desk and moved us a few doors down, which was nicer and smelled better.

Was not told about the new parking changes. Last stayed in June, they changed it in July. Failed to be told about the need to register and pay for parking separately rather than on the bill. Was given a $75 parking ticket. We have stayed here multiple times. Will not stay here again.

Large square, cementingly stark, a human garage park.  Multitudes of metal doors line the cavernous square.  With glass enclosed elevators moving people deposits in never ending rounds of up & down.  It's a place to stay but in a very surreal way.

Building is big, courtyard type and yet we managed to get a room closer to the elevator so we were happy.  The room fitted our use and need so no complaints.  We are used to Holiday Inn and this one's service is almost similar to others.  

Our room had a moth flying for the entire time.  When we managed to let one go, we were surprised that there was another one.

I arrived at the hotel about an hour before check in which was at 3pm as my flight arrived early. I went to the hotel and spoke with the agent at the front and let him know that I was early. He asked me about becoming a member of IHG awards and helped me get it setup. He also checked me in early. He was was nice and very personable.

Dated, weird smelling hotel. Did not like getting blasted on the face by a funnel of air every time I had to walk to my room. They overcharged but I was so over the stay I didn't say anything, they did charge me almost $70 in room service which I did not order and they refunded me that. As they should of course. The area is fine but yeah the whole place felt a little on the struggling hotel side. Do not eat at the restaurant in the lobby, food is gross, I wish I would've taken a picture. Also they live the Mayo out all day at room temperature, just look at the tables when you're there. People used the hot tub and pool while I was there but I peeked in and the water was dirty, saw a pair of eyelashes floating on top. Didn't use it.

Not only was the building falling apart but so was all the furniture. Don't let the cleanliness of the lobby fool you. I can't say I'd ever stay here again. 👎

This location was excellent. From check in to check out. Very friendly staff. The willingness to help. The onsite dining was superb. They do not skimp on portions.

Foul smell. Really old and in need of updates. No parking.

Small rooms with inadequate amenities.  Paid for parking, yet received a $75 parking ticket.  Affordable.

Restaurant waitresses are extremely rude. Assisted the forced us to place to go order for breakfast saying the restaurant was going to close then proceeded to sit three more tables after us while making a sit and wait 45 minutes for a  to go order. Waitress was snotty food was cold and condiments and utensils were not provided overall horrible experience.

Good for a quick 2-3 nights

Honeymoon we stay on the 10th floor backside with the view of Denver and the mountain in the background so beautiful. the employees was super nice the restaurant had good food and drink

This is a older hotel that needs updated and repaired.

Stayed here for the GABF for 5 nights.

Positives:
- They were able to check us in extremely early. We drove over 24 hours, arrived a little after 9am, and it was nice to hear we'd get checked in immediately and get a reprieve without having to wait 6+ hours for a room.
- Bed was plenty comfy
- Not too far from any of the places we needed to Uber to
- Decent bar selection
- Staff were friendly

Negatives:
- Immediately upon entering the hotel lobby there was a sewer stench and multiple air purifiers/air movers positioned throughout the lobby floor. It would have been nice - considering my friend and I booked well before we arrived - to get a heads up that there was something up with the hotel. But not one peep from the staff in the form of an apology, compensation, or anything. It was like they had completely turned a blind eye to the obvious issue they were having and there was no explanation for the odor whatsoever. And that odor lingered the entire time. Thank God our room smelled fine.
- Our A/C unit was not working on our arrival. We were able to get it fixed but that should have been addressed before the room was stated as ready.
- The water for the sink would only run warm water. Didn't matter if you let it run for 5 minutes, both the cold and hot handles produced warm water.
- Speaking of warm water, the shower only gave me hot water one time. Every other time it produced only a slightly warmer temperature than the sink tap. Not fun to shower in after a long day of walking. Not unbearable but for sure unacceptable.
- The bar has the strangest hours. I was able to get a drink at 10:30am (it was a long drive) but then it closed at 11am before lunch time. Reopened at 4:30 only to close at 9:30, which is when I returned from the festival and would have liked to get a nightcap. After 10? Sure. But 9:30? In Denver? Kitchen/bar staff shortage would be my guess.
- Now onto the kitchen: My friend decided to get a burger on our last night and told me it was quite possibly the worst burger he's ever had. Bun was too small, meat seemed boiled rather than grilled, everything was super dry. He said it was overall an extremely unpleasant experience. Again, it seemed like a staff shortage may have had to do with this, with inexperienced "kitchen staff" preparing food, which is, again, unacceptable.

Overall, we were more grateful to just lay down in a bed after a long drive than we were grieved by the numerous issues. I hope this wasn't a normal experience and they resolve these issues soon; typically I have had very pleasant experiences with Holiday Inns, but we absolutely did not this last week.

Rooms were nice. We stayed in a mountain view room. Room had a great view of the mountains and downtown.

The check in was easy the staff were friend friendly the room was Nice and quiet pillows were comfortable

Overall a good stay at this hotel. We did have a few room issues, but housekeeping promptly took care of replacing our mattress, the refrigerators are a bit too small, and we had a hard time getting hot water in the bathroom. Other than that, the entire staff was wonderful and the bar was a fun place to hang out.

After the issue with the bug on the bed,it was resolved with the staff right away, 
    everything was ok and the food was great just a little slow on serving due to food being made to order I guess.

Hotel was great with an early 80s business trip feel with the massive lobby balcony structure. It was clean and the rooms were large. Did not smell of being old or damp like other reviews suggest. All rooms have an outdoor balcony as well which is great. Would stay again.

Although conveniently located, this hotel separately needs an update. The hot water doesn’t work properly and the TV is not a smart TV. Getting the guide to work was a task. For the money, I expect better.

Bugs in room. Sheets stained, hairs in shower. So gross!

Can't speak for all Holiday Inn locations, but this one is rough.  Escorts in the lobby at night, noisy mischief heard outside the building every night, food was bland and service was slow.  This establishment really needs to step up it's game.

The location of this hotel is not too far from the airport and just a 10 minute walk to a nearby shopping/food area. Not to mention that they also offer food in the hotel (which I didn’t try, but looked good). The view was also nice and peaceful and the hotel overall felt peaceful and was quiet.

The lobby and restaurant smelled like sewage and I was disgusted by this hotel. The shower wasn't clean and the drain was clogged. I didn't notice the shower was dirty until I stepped in and I could feel the dirty, sandy, gritty, disgusting tub. I brought it to the attention of one of the employees when checking out and he didn't seem to care. Please look elsewhere for your stay in Denver. It's very disappointing that I see reviews from 3 weeks ago with the same problems I experienced. I'm only giving a 1 star so I can warn others to look elsewhere.

Smelled like sewage all throughout the lobby and restaurant. Utterly atrocious. Bugs in the room. Tub didn't drain. So incredibly nasty I would rather stay just about anywhere.

I stayed here on a business trip, it was only one night. The place was relatively quiet. The room was clean, and it could use some updating. There was a balcony that looked over a residential neighborhood. They use Dove products for bathing and shampooing. No bars of soap, only wall mounted canisters filled with shampoo, etc.

This hotel was very nice and relaxing. We did not run into any major issues. It is, however, the first holiday inn that required you to pay for parking separate from the room and I was not told about that until I got there. Otherwise, it was a great experience.

I loved the hotel because it was near the wedding venue I attended.

Room has no hot water, slightly warm at best, and the AC would not make the room colder then 75 so sleeping was very uncomfortable for me, ice machine was broken, hottub by the pool was colder then the pool. I booked a king bed and got 2 queens and requested a bed for the baby that we also didn't get.

Excelente hotel, bien ubicado y sus instalaciones muy buenas. Hay noches bien económica.

absolutely disgusting hotel. I'm not one to usually write a review let alone a bad one but our experience at this hotel was terrible. The rooms were dirty and seemed as if they hadn't been cleaned. The whole hotel had an odd smell that intensified as we entered our room. Additionally the staff was not very helpful when trying to get a refund as we where not going to stay there.

Hotel and the room was clean. There was enough space for 2 people with 1 suitcase each, but more than that would’ve been a bit tight. I didn’t like the door that would connect to another room, just for security reasons. Parking was way too expensive. Parking lot is really bumpy and there’s not enough parking spaces. Didn’t fit into the garage with our car. Lobby looked lovely, but the concrete design made it feel a bit like a prison. Still enjoyed the stay.

I paid extra for the breakfast buffet, because that was what I was offered over the phone, then when I arrived I was informed that the breakfast buffet did not exist (this is why outsourcing customer service is never a good idea). I also had to kill two great big moths that came out of my bathroom towel when I entered my room. I will continue to stay at IHG properties, just not this one.

Arrived to hotel late after a late flight. Erica was on duty that night and was nothing short of amazing. We were having issues with the a/c being too cold and she immediately came up and assisted.

This hotel was very clean and a great staff,  It had a nice atmosphere.  Lots of people but it still felt private.  The hot tub was great.  The pool area was clean but could use an update on the furniture.  The room was comfortable, although the bathroom was small and only had hot water in the sink and shower.

The hotel was nice if you like Luke warm shower water, and no parking

I had a nice view of the mountains, but other than that, this property isn't too impressive. Very low water pressure, the parking situation is chaotic and stressful, I found long hairs on my bedding and towels (I'm bald). The restaurant isn't great. We sat ourselves to eat dinner, a waiter came out of the back after 10 minutes and then just stood there. We decided to go to SmashBurger, and got up to leave, at which point the waiter waived and said "take care." This would've been more upsetting if it wasn't so funny. Proximity to my Denver office was very convenient though.

We loved the location and service of the hotel! We had called ahead last minute to book a room, and the staff had no issue making sure there would be room for our stay. With a location so close to downtown, we were glad to even get a room. Our stay exceeded our expectations and made our night.

I stayed at this motel in Denver last week, and while the room itself was clean and comfortable, there were a few downsides.

The first thing I noticed upon entering the motel was a strong, unpleasant smell—like something from the drainage. It wasn’t very welcoming, though thankfully, it didn’t carry into the room.

Another issue was the price of basic amenities. They charged $5 for a single bottle of water, which I found to be quite excessive. I'd recommend bringing your own water if you plan to stay here.

Overall, the room was fine, but the smell and high cost for water were disappointing.

I stayed here in August and the hotel and the staff were great. Thank u to Prince Ali for all ur help . Will be staying again very soon. I really recommend it .

We had a great stay at the hotel. Room was almost perfect and lobby was very clean and nice. Bed was so comfortable and soft I loved it. Bathroom was also super clean and nice and had more than enough towels. Downsides were that the lobby was super hot which made it uncomfortable, bedside outlets were not working, and thermostat was crooked and looked broken.

I had one of the best nigths in my life. Great Service Great Place

I will never stay here again, especially for the price. My husband and I worked our butt off for months to go to a nice motel. And the hot tub was not hot at all. The jets were shooting out freezing water. The water in the showers was maybe lukewarm. Very disappointing.

The facility was well maintained except for the awful sewer odor. Would not stay again unless problem rectified

Be prepared to walk if you park in the parking garage.  I am sure why but there is never any hot water in this hotel.  Lukewarm but never hot.

The room was small and we can hear everything the road, the lobby, the rooms next door's doors closing or opening and full on conversations at times especially from the bathroom. So sleeping after enjoying the hikes was rough.The TV remote did not work to help find something to drown out the noise. The AC was a hit and miss it will be way too cold at 74 then hot. The balcony was sketch did not look safe and the view was what can one expect when facing roads and the United airlines company. Parking was a bits a away so dont forget anything and not even properly monitored and you have to pay. The water pressure and the hot water were weak and ran out after 5 mins 2 people can't shower together or separate.  Very disappointing experience did stay before at a higher level way better experience but for now we'll not recommend. For potentially leading anyone to the same experience and regret booking there like we did, we even left way earlier because we couldn't sleep due to noise.

I loved talking to all the Front Desk and Restaurant workers. Also Housekeepers are amazing, and good job to them! I loved my stay and I will cherish it with great memoriea for ever. Best stay in my life, anywhere !

Very good hotel option. I highly recommend it to anyone who is traveling.

I don't typically write reviews, but my experience was so bad I feel like it's needed.

The first thing I noticed when I walked in the door was that the entire building smells like raw sewage.  This is not an exaggeration,  the entire building smells like a dirty porta potty.  I heard multiple guests also complaining about it, it wasn't just me.

I generally don't like people coming into my room and cleaning while I'm gone so I left the do not disturb sign on my door handle and even told the front desk I don't want anyone going in my room.  So what do I find when I get back?  Someone went into my room anyways and moved a bunch of my stuff including my toothbrush despite the sign on my door and specifically telling the front desk not to do that.

The bathroom sink barely works, just a light dribble.  Same with the shower.  Not only that but the shower is super clogged so taking a shower fills up the whole tub.  There's a balcony but the door is so rusted that you literally have to use both hands and put your back into it just to open or close the door.  The pillows are horrible, might as well be sleeping without one.  The TV barely works, the picture is so incredibly dim that you can barely see anything even with the brightness all the way up.

One night I woke up in the middle of the night and went out looking for water.  I asked the front desk and was told that my only option was to buy a $6 bottle of water from their store.  $6.  For a bottle of water.

The restaurant in the hotel is insanely overpriced for how aggressively mediocre the food is, and the service is pretty bad too.  Went there twice and both times I sat waiting for 10+ minutes and didn't even get a menu until I walked up to the bar and asked for one.  Not to mention you are still smelling raw sewage the entire time you're eating there.

Don't go here.  You'll have a better experience staying in a cheap motel for half the price.

The entire hotel smells like sewage. There is no air conditioning in the main parts of the building. The AC in the room didn’t work. The room smelled like mildew. The shower was not clean. It had hair in it… the carpets are grimy. Thankfully we were able to get a refund and stay elsewhere. Steer clear.

If you want a hot shower DONT STAY HERE!! WHOLE PLACE SMELLS LIKE SEWER

They offer good food services and I got bottle water for free during some constructions
And I had an interview the next day, I could use free shuttle bus to flight training center.
I would like to use this hotel if I have chance to visit Denver again.

This location is a good value for a Denver hotel experience. Decent proximity to both the airport as well as downtown Denver. There is ample parking available in the protected lower lot, as well as around the building. I was glad to see opportunity for bar and food within the hotel. Concierge was helpful and kind to all customers. I was disappointed to see that every ice machine in the building was broken, however, was relieved to find that the bar assisted me with ice needs, despite the fact that they had recently closed. Overall, I would say this was a satisfying experience, and I would stay again.

The staff were friendly and helpful, but unfortunately, the accommodations left a lot to be desired. The lobby constantly smelled like sewage, and our room had numerous issues. The lights would flicker off randomly, the TV worked inconsistently, and we had to keep returning to the lobby because our room keys repeatedly deactivated. To top it off, the water went out on our last night, with no communication from the hotel. We were given a garbage bag with four water bottles for three people. The water wasn’t restored in time for us to get ready the next morning, leaving us unable to use the toilet or prepare for our departure. Overall, it was a disappointing experience despite the helpful staff.

Lady named renly at front desk, laughing like everything is a joke, terrible customer service.   Don't come to this hotel.  Not welcoming at all..   DO NOT COME TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    ROACHES IN THE BATHROOM!!!!

The breakfast was great. They have a simple menu but a great menu. The room was super clean and the bed was top quality, allowing you to get good rest

This place is getting a little worn and in need of a major facelift. Stayed two nights while wife was in hospital; room was not made up after first night. Food and beverage service was adequate but a bit over priced.

I stayed around the middle of August 2024. It was very mid. The bed was clean and free of bed bugs. However the hotel building itself is super out dated. The carpet every is dirty. I found a large mystery stain in my room. The bathroom was also dirty, saw some very noticeable grime and hair. GROSS. The bathroom is also very small, and the balcony area is not impressive. The hotel smelled like an old doo doo everywhere. The pool was clean? However very small and again, dated. My friend and I tried to get drinks from vending machine. All of the vending machines 5th floor down until 3rd floor were broken. I spent about 180 for one night, was it worth it? I don't believe so, please avoid this place unless last resort.

Parking entrance was confusing due to construction.  Room wasn't very clean, had to pay extra for breakfast and parking. Language barrier with staff. Would not recommend.

The employees are very friendly but there are significantly better options (room cleanliness + amenities + price + value) on the same street.

Checkin was difficult. Pool was cold. Hot tub jets wouldnt work. Snack store was difficult to purchase. Parking was ridiculous shouldn't have to pay and qr code was difficult. Parking garage would not fit my suburban. Homeless man in lobby with police and paramedics. Checkout took awhile.

ROACHES!!!!!! Infested don’t stay here.

The first room assigned to us had double indentations. I had to self medicate to get to sleep.

The next day, I asked to be moved and the bed in the next room was only moderately better. 

For the cost of the room, you would think they wouldn't keep beds old enough to remember the great war.

Everything was top notch!!

Tomas at check in was fantastic and Noah at check out helped us so much!    Thank you!!!!

This hotel is falling apart and the staff does not care. Every shower I took was cold. The only water option out of the tap was hot. The parking situation (that you pay for) is horrendous and in the next building over. The bartender was so rude and so incompetent. The bar was also very poorly stocked. The only vodka option was well or Smirnoff. The only plus was that the room was relatively clean and the bed was comfy.

Had a great stay! Enjoyed the room and the hotel amenities!

I am being made to enter this box to enter for a chance to win points so I am just filling out the textual requirements requested.

We stayed at this hotel this past weekend with my husband’s family. To say it was atrocious would be a gross understatement. We are IHG loyalists, to the point that my husband is a Diamond member, and I have never been so embarrassed by an IHG property.

First of all, they were supposedly “paving” the parking lot, so they required all guests to park in a garage that was difficult to access and a good 1/4 mile walk from the lobby. This would have been more understandable if: 1. They were ACTUALLY paving the parking lot, and 2. They had given clear instructions on how to access the garage. We asked them upon check-in how to access it, and they just pointed to a QR code on the desk and gave no further information. We figured maybe we could just pay for the parking using that code, and it would give us another code to scan to access the garage. Nope. We had to go back in and ask, and they told us (rather rudely, I might add) that we should have noticed the code written in the envelope with our room keys.

On top of this already-frustrating first impression, there was no air conditioning in the lobby. They had a couple of “coolers” that they tried to pass off as acceptable alternatives. It was upwards of 85 degrees outside, so naturally the lobby became quite warm by the afternoon each day. This, along with a consistent sewage smell, made any time spent in the lobby or bar/restaurant extremely unpleasant.

The ice machines did not work on the majority of floors (we had several rooms across the whole family, and only one party had access to ice on their floor). The front desk did not care, and simply said “sorry,” without offering any solution. Additionally, the vending machines were all sold out the entire stay.

The water in the showers was lukewarm at BEST. The cold water in the faucets did not work at all. This was the case in all of our rooms.

To top it off, we all went to the bar for a nightcap on our final night. I have never experienced such poor service from a bartender in my life. She was inattentive, rude, and had no idea how to make basic cocktails. Someone ordered a lemon drop martini, and they received what appeared to be a vodka soda (this is after she had to google the recipe). It took over 25 minutes to get her attention for a simple glass of wine.

Last but not least, there were multiple foundation cracks in the ceilings and walls, noticeable water damage, disgusting carpets, and the key card readers in the elevators and exterior doors only worked when they felt like it.

Needless to say, we will never return, and I will CERTAINLY not be booking any of my travel clients at this property. What an absolute disgrace to the IHG name.

The hotel is quiet, no hot water on the top floor though. The water was warm for a few seconds, then ice cold after that.

Checked in 9/6/24.. paid $15 a day for parking. Forget nearby parking! There is a garage next building over! Not a long walk, but if you're elder or disabled...be sure to be dropped off at front door! Foul smell in lobby, I guess this explains the oversized air filter machines. Put in a corner room, 9th floor. Turned air on, no cold air came out. Then looked down (refer to pic of exposed outlet)...code violation?! I looked up...refer to other pic with crack in the ceiling. Water damage? IDK. Needless to say, my husband and did not feel safe staying in this room. Explained all to the nice young man, Thanos, behind the front desk. He disappeared, returned, apologized and assigned us another room including free breakfast (as the manager walked passed us). Air worked nicely in the new room, no cracks in the wall, but carpet (refer to pic)...YUCK! Shower "dribbled" warm water...forget a "hot" shower! Ice Machine broken on every other floor! Went to a concert 9/7/24 and did not return to the hotel until about 1 a.m. We are tired, our feet are killing us, I have a bad hip and it is throbbing! We are just looking forward to sleep! We park in the garage, and walk to A BROKEN ELEVATOR! The elevator doors wouldn't open all of the way! We had to take the stairs!!! And we pay for parking?! As we checked out (refer to pic of the young man, NOT Thanos, behind the counter)...yes the one with the tissue sticking out of his nose! Yes, people were around, INCLUDING the manager who was around everyday but made a point NOT to get involved with the guests! This absolutely topped our visit! Breakfast was not too bad, employees were nice and atmosphere...DRAB. Never again! I can't even say, "you get what you pay for"!!!

The beds and pillows were NOT comfortable at all. it was the worst sleep i ever got. We were so sore after waking up from sleeping. Needs new beds and pillows.

This is an over rated establishment, over priced for the accommodations. Very inexpensive furniture that didn't match. Front Desk seemed to be distracted and dismissive to an IHG awards member. Hands down worst IHG hotel we've visited. Denver was not a fun visit unfortunately.

We stay here most of the time when we have to go to doctors appointments because of the ease of getting to the hotel and the ease of getting to the appointments. The staff is always friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean. The bed is comfortable. The carpeting in the rooms could use updating, but everything was clean.

The plumbing was not working so there was no cold water in the sink and no hot water in the shower. When brought up, the staff gave me a breakfast voucher for that day that I didn’t have time to use and said there are known plumbing issues and maintenance is ongoing for 2 weeks (the entirety of my stay). When I checked out and moved to a new hotel, no concessions or apologies were given. I still paid full price for a room without working amenities.

I typically utilize Holiday Inn Express for my and my families travels. The Denver location was very fun!  San Francisco Union Square Holiday Inn is an abomination, the MOST horrible manager and staff. Could not be bothered to EVER answer, respond, acknowledge me. Would highly recommend all Holiday Inns except that one. Blessings

Genuinely a solid hotel. There was a small incident at checkout where my reservation wasn’t initally found which was stressful but sorted quickly. I was overall impressed with my room: it was a clean, nice little space. My bed was comfortable, the bathroom was solid, and I liked the fact that there was a mini fridge to put my water in to cool. I was super disappointed with the TV. There was no ability to cast. The TV also had super limited channels due to Direct TV not renewing contracts with Disney and random other channels being unavailable. I would have really preferred to be able to watch my own shows and that was a huge bummer for me

Front desk staff are friendly and attentive, great attention to detail. Room is comfortable and had nice amenities. I would suggest a mountain facing view on the highest floor for a great view of downtown and the Rocky’s at night especially. Gorgeous. Location is close to downtown and other local restaurants and stores like target. Everything is what you would expect from holiday inn.

I was pleased with this hotel other than the gentleman that check us in. I didn't get his name. He should have been more friendly. He put fear in me making me think that valuables might be stolen out of my room with my suitcase in there. He should be welcoming guests in a safe manner. He also did a gang hand shake with a fellow co-worker right in front of me while waiting on us to check in. This is unacceptable. Oh, and please make sure that your vending machines work properly. At least 2 of them didn't work on 2 floors. Thank you!

Nous n’avions pas réservé et un jeune homme de l’accueil, très sympathique et parlant 6 langues m’a proposé une bonne chambre sur la montagne avec King size à un prix correct (bien qu’elle était moins chère sur expédia). Le séjour a été très confortable, à part qu’ils ne nettoyaient pas toujours la chambre, il fallait insister pour avoir le nettoyage. L’hôtel est équipé d’une piscine en extérieur ce qui est bien agréable. Un soir le parking est tombé en panne donc il fallait se garer à l’extérieur, ce qui n’était pas très facile car peu de place. Dans l’ensemble nous avons apprécié l’hébergement et y sommes mêmes retournés à la fin du séjour cette fois en réservant sur expédia car moins cher. Visiter les chambres car au dernier séjour notre lit était défoncé d’un côté.

Hotel was ok. Expected a better view of the mountains based on the reviews and optional upgrades.

I didn't have the best time with my stay. But being with my family made it better. We went down to the restaurant for a quick bite after traveling and it probably was one of my worst experience. I witnessed a male server pick his nose and he was also the one to serve our food. And later we found a hair in our hot wings.

The mattresses used in this hotel are horrible. It’s like they bought the cheapest mattresses they could find. I will not return to this location until they change that.

I was there at a banquet. The food was good and the service was great.

The rooms are small but ok for the price. We were notified during the check in process about maintenance to the water flow which may require personnel in our room at random times or a cutoff of water for a short amount of time. These types of things should be made known before checking in.

The hot water in the showers is warm at best, never hot.

The lobby also distinctly smells like sewage/sulfur which is very unpleasant.

Parking is 15 dollars per day and no complimentary breakfast is available like most holiday inn express’s.

The surrounding area is also a bit sketchy and there are lots of homeless people wandering the sidewalks at the hotel.

We enjoyed our stay at this holiday inn. Room was clean and beds were very comfortable, so I slept really well! I would have enjoyed some ice cold water in the lobby as it was very hot in denver; but they do have a pretty cold water fountain. Overall this was a pleasant stay!

The rooms are in dire need of remodel. Luke warm shower water. AC barely works and is super loud. Location is saving grace but would not stay here again.

The breakfast is really poor quality. Microwaved eggs that taste like paper. Figured I'd just have cereal the second morning and even that was underwhelming. We were gone almost all day the first day and the housekeeping lady knocked on our door way in the evening when it was too late to clean/restock yet the next morning when it was checkout she knocked before 9. The rooms are really outdated. The carpets are yikes. I had booked two nights when I first landed in Denver and also another night at the end of my trip before my flight but I ended up cancelling my second reservation because I don't want to go there again. I would highly recommend skipping this holiday inn and going for one of the many better options in the area

I truly hope someone is reading this so the next person in this room has a better experience.

My room 810, was at the end of the hallway next to the housekeeping room.  I felt this room has been badly neglected due to its location.  There is a huge crack in the ceiling that runs from one corner of the room to the middle of the room; the carpet was filthy; the shower didn't work properly; the door that opens to the fridge and microwave was falling off its hinges and was all chipped; and lastly, it appeared that a used K-cup with decaf coffee was in the complimentary coffee tray.

I didn't say anything until the end of my stay as I was on a time crunch and did not have time to move rooms.

The title says it all.  Needs to be remodeled.  Staff is great.  Glad I wasn’t staying longer.

Multiple times during my trip, I was locked out of my room— key card wasn’t working. One of the times, the new key that they made also didn’t work— so they either have a system issue, an attitude issue, or something else. I was extra careful to keep the key card away from my phone and other cards in case that was the issue, which it clearly wasn’t.

They closed the pool for (routine) cleaning at 9:30am on a Sunday. Imagine as two little kids getting all excited to use the pool just to be met with that! Upon inquiring at the front desk, they told me it would be closed for several hours. Also I was accused of not being a checked in guest, which was not true. When I asked why they would do this during a high use time, they told me that the times were posted on the pool door. I went to check, and that was a lie, there are not times posted. To their credit, the front desk did call me after the cleaning was done.

When I asked to speak to a manager about these issues, there wasn’t one on duty.

As a Diamond Elite member I’m eligible both for upgrades or late checkout. Neither was available, and they seemed annoyed I even asked. Funny because you could still book an upgraded room if you paid for it.

Breakfast was perfect, everything worked and was available.

The room was good, and the bed was super clean and comfortable. Everything was as expected, including the bathroom. There was a huge bus of kids staying there, but I never heard a peep from them aside from seeing them in the breakfast room. I was disappointed that as a platinum member I was unable to get a late check-out because so many people had already requested one. Really good breakfast for free! Only reason I would not stay there again was not the fault of the hotel, but a deal breaker. Lots of motorcycle riders stay there, and these people feel the need to rev their motorcycles and blast music for 30 minutes at a time, all throughout the day and night. 3am...finally got back to sleep and here came another couple of cycle at 5am...playing Journey so loud and revving the cycles for a good 30 minutes. While the walls are not thin, the windows certainly are. Poor nights sleep so will not be able to stay here again (and even when I tried to take an afternoon nap, those darn cycles were racing around the parking lot).

Very friendly staff.  Nice quite clean hotel. Nicely located to restaurants within walking distance.  Excellent breakfast every morning.

We were able to check in early.  Room is nice and clean.  Haven't had breakfast yet, but Holiday Inns always have plenty to choose from.

I had an amazing experience; the pool and hot tub were the best perk. it was very clean as well as my room. The staff was extremely friendly and approachable.

LThe staff was very helpful and friendly. The room was above my expectations and the food was good.

First impressions are always important. I would give five stars just for that. Everything is clean and well put together. The front desk ladies were very kind. I would definitely enjoy coming back to this great hotel. Thanks again.

Very clean and friendly staff! Hotel room was super comfortable and was very light and airy. Breakfast options were great and the breakfast area had plenty of seating. Parking lot was clean with good lighting too!

After a long day at the hospital we showed up late (12am) in the evening to check in to our reservation. Check in went pretty smooth besides the front desk person being preoccupied with her upset baby. When we opened the door to the room it was disgusting! Trash overflowing the cans onto the floor, dirty shoe prints in the bathroom and the bedding was balled up and thrown on the beds. We went down to the front desk and she informed us it was her last available room. We left and went to another hotel. I would have been a bit more understanding had we walked in and rented the room or had booked a few hours in advance (last minute). But we booked a couple days in advance! The lady at the desk was very apologetic, but there was nothing she could do. I'm not sure we will attempt staying at this property again. The hotel up the street was very accommodating to our last minute stay....

I was very surprised by the overall lack of cleanliness in our room, for the brand name and the room price, I was definitely disappointed. 
No surfaces in the room had been wiped down, nor had it been vacuumed.
The desk had multiple syrup spots dried on, the console under the tv had several sticky cup rings. The bathroom vanity and sink were gross and had multiple hairs. The only thing in the room that looked to be clean was the bedding, so we reluctantly stayed. 
The right front leg of the coffee table in the room (216) was broken, but don’t worry, I temporarily fixed it with a bottle cap that I found underneath the couch. 
We were in town for an event and didn’t have time to find lodging elsewhere. 
If this had been a $65 stay, I might not be so disappointed.
But for $150 I sadly don’t think I’ll be back.

Great value and location. Pool was out of operation, so spring break for kids a bit disappointing.

Stayed here from March 27–29, 2026 and it was one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve had.

Room was not clean at check-in—dirty sheets, floors not vacuumed, and shower products were wrong (conditioner filled with shampoo). Housekeeping was rude when we asked for basic items like towels and conditioner.

On March 28, we were gone for nearly 10 hours and came back to a completely uncleaned room. When I asked about it, staff was rude again and even started cleaning while my kids and I were still inside changing—very uncomfortable and unprofessional.

Even after that, the room still wasn’t properly cleaned. We were told they were “short staffed,” which is not an excuse when guests are paying full price.

I’m an IHG Rewards member and this was by far my worst experience. I would not stay here again.

We love the convenience, and proximity to family and community centers and five guys the mall Walmart sprouts the shoe place and the golf course

Can't say much more about this place other "five freakin' stars"! We were traveling home from a cross country Spring Break trip including four children and a big dog. This was our last stay before hitting our own beds the next night and we could not have asked for a better room, better beds, better pool, or better breakfast. If we hadn't been in such a rush to get home, we'd have happily slept in and checked out late. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend or return!

This place is amazing!
Very clean, great location, friendly staff, and loved their breakfast for the value id say this could be rated a 4 star hotel.

If you are visiting the Mile high city and your primary location is in the North Denver Thornton area. This is a must stay. The location has easy access to I 25. There are new dining shops and a beautiful park in North Glen a quarter mile from this location with lots of fitness amenities located around hand on this property.

My overall stay was accommodating and we were provided with everything to make the stay great with the location close to food and stores to explore

Overall ok

I stayed here while in Thornton for a business meeting and was very impressed. The hotel was top-notch, the room was comfortable, and I got a great night’s sleep. Breakfast was also a highlight. I’d gladly stay here again.

Probably the best place to stay in that area.

Area a little rough, but hotel was great.

We got one of the 3 queen rooms with pull out.

Perfect for the 4 of us.

We were placed next to the elevator and lobby/lounge area, probably one of the noisiest room in the hotel. It didn't help we had kids running around in the room above us. Staff was friendly and breakfast was okay but nothing special.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Nice expensive looking holiday Inn

Amazing facilities an staff

I like that there’s plenty of retail, restaurants, and grocery stores within walking distance. The property is clean and well maintained, the rooms are a nice size, and breakfast is good and offers a few options. 
The staff is friendly and accommodating.

Stayed here for a stop before going snowboarding in eldora. Close to a tesla charging station so that was convenient. The room was clean and had a nice little view of the mountains. Overall positive experience

Was amazing we enjoyed all things the instalación are very clean

We were told if we wanted our room cleaned we have to wait til all the rooms for that day to be cleaned. We were told we would have to stay out of the room til the afternoon. We came back from some very serious follow up doctor appointments at 5:30pm the room still hadn’t been cleaned. The cleaning person just happened to be next door. She told us that she never was told to clean our room. She said for us to tell the desk person it hadn’t been cleaned in a proper time frame. We were very tired since we left for the doctors appointment and testing at 7:30 am. I needed to sleep and now we’re told to stay out til 6:30pm. It seems unfair to get a room and not be able to use the room at all during the day.

Lots of homeless and people’s cars getting broken into…………………………….:……………………………………………………………………………………………..

I enjoyed my stay while my plumbing was being fixed in my home. My kids enjoyed the breakfast and the staff at the front desk were really nice.

Have stayed a few weeks now and have had no issues at all. Staff is awesome.

My husband had surgery and we were staying the night for a little recovery before we headed home. We asked for our room to be moved so he would have easier access. They were so friendly and helpful. They also offered to help carry out bags to the room. The only thing that wasn’t good was the mattress, it was incredibly hard. This is common with Holiday Inn Express Hotels.

Very clean very friendly service loved it

This hotel was a very comfortable hotel great food. The staff were tremendous and very helpful. No one complained and it was noise free. Let my dog in my upstairs room. This was the best hotel I could stay in.

The ladies at the front desk was wonderful. Very helpful and kind. The rooms are very clean as well as the common areas. I recommend this hotel.

Hotel bill not available online.  Really.... this is unacceptable in todays world.

This hotel has it all for families.  Free breakfast, a pool, suites for larger groups.  The rooms were clean and had plenty of room for all.  This hotel is a short distance from the Denver Premium outlets, Top Golf and Boondocks. It is close enough to the city so we are not driving too far, especially when we are unfamiliar with the area but still gives us the city vibe.  Lots of restaurants to choose from in close vicinity.

It's a nice "standard" hotel of this variety. I'd not hesitate to stay there again. 
I stayed in one of the pet rooms on the ground floor, as I had my dog with me. There is a $50 pet fee. 
The room was clean and well prepared. The interior of the room was a bit "worn" - mostly the carpet, which had marks on it.
There were some ants in the room in the morning - by the door and in the bathroom. I reported this and hopefully they will deal with it.
Breakfast is definitely one of the better free ones you'll find at such hotels. 
Reception desk staff were great.
A strong 4 out of 5 from me.

Great stay for our first family trip! Being able to sleep comfortably helped ensure rested children and parents! The hotel was clean, all amenities were clean and easily accessible! The icing on the cake was the friendly staff!

Just great all around experience nothing more that I can say. Great rest and relaxation. Did not have any trouble what so ever. I'm looking forward to my next visit. I cant wait to go back If had the money.

Last minute booking at this hotel was a great experience.  It was close to the highway and event destination.  The hotel lobby includes  screen displaying flight information for those using that mode of transportation.  
The hotel cost was reasonable. Hotels in the neighboring town of Broomfield were more expensive due to events in Boulder that weekend. 
The bed was very comfortable.

Our 3rd time here.
CONs:
--noisy a/c
--slow elevator
--Tile grout could be cleaner

PROs:
++Good breakfast
++Rooms clean and big
++Late check for members
++Nice walk along pathway of farmers ditch

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Our remote was missing took forever to get one.

Great place always.

Positive: Clean and well maintained Negative: Mattress was terrible, but they usually are in chain motels.

Personal are very friendly and helpful.    The pool area is great and relaxing.

Sorry, but I have nothing good to say about my short stay at this Holiday Inn Express hotel in Thornton, CO. I will let that suffice for this review. Your experinece may vary.

Positive: Location, staff, water out front, clean, pool is so warm! Negative: ""

Positive: It was very clean, & I LOVED the coffee in the breakfast area! Negative: ""

Excellent location.  Close to highway, restaurants, and shopping.  friendly staff and a good breakfast.

Clean rooms, friendly staff. Great service all around

The bathroom toilet was clogged and the staff made me fix it myself. The breakfast was a joke and dirty. They carried only a fraction of what other holiday inn express properties carried.

This place was okay, but I guess I was expecting a little better for $171/nt. The bed was as hard as a rock, and thankfully there was a sleeper couch with a halfways decent mattress, or else I probably would have been up all night. My room had a view of the dumpster that was attended to by a noisy garbage truck banging this and that (once more, I was paying a higher rate than the average, but did I get the room that nobody wanted?). The elevator was so slow, and the fitness room was small and void of any upper body strength training equipment. Lastly, while the breakfast was good, it was bothersome to see that each slice of bread and pastry was wrapped up in plastic. We already have plastic everywhere as it is. This seemed like overkill with creating unnecessary waste.

Fred Flitstone called, and he wants his bed back! Lady that checked us in was fair to midley. Room was clean as well as the shower. Fresh linens. Breakfast was good!

Long line to check-in, breakfast area is a little crowded, has the Costa coffee in breakfast and coffee available all day. Top floor water pressure in the sink is bad, just makes it to the sink, room service is meh. Condiments are not one time use plastic, great initiative.

Very clean property. They have dove products which we love and all staff are so friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the free hot breakfast so many delicious options. We had a spacious suite, slept great, and its in a great area.

This place was nestled in Thornton and provided an escape from the city, would recommend as a place to escape the bustle of life.

If your looking for a great place to stay where everyone greets you like family this should be your choice, great value and awesome atmosphere, highly recommend stay here.

Beautiful, clean and right off the highway. Great breakfast spread! And our welcoming hotel hostess was very sweet and accommodating. In fact her name was Precious and she was!

Breakfast was good but very limited seating area. A kitchen staff had a bit of an attitude towards clients, front desk was notified but all I was told was sorry ma'am and I seen her later go up to the disgruntled kitchen staff person (interesting she knew which one) and was laughing and talking to her as she pointed to me, not professional whatsoever. Not planning on returning because of that.

Spacious room ,great breakfast

This was an excellent location great food options within walking distance rooms and pillows for comfortable breakfast was excellent really good positive atmosphere.

I always find hie to be in the best of order in all aspects of a hotel stay. Competent staff, clean rooms , decent mattress, easy access from major roads, last but not least , A great breakfast to start the day!

Very pleased with entire experience.  Room was clean, modern, bed was fabulous.  Staff friendly and accommodating.  Would highly recommend this hotel for those staying in the area.

I enjoyed my experience here. Beds were clean and the breakfast was good. No sound keeping me up at night. Air was fine.||I am very content with my stay.

IHG / Holiday Inn Express is my go to when traveling. Service is consistent with the chain and i know what to typically expect.

Front desk is very friendly. Hotel clean likes new. Parking is convenient. Breakfast was good. Air condition is not central, so it has a little noise. It has refrigerator, microwave and coffee machine. Overall this hotel is excellent.

I'm happy I chose this Holiday Inn Express location during my recent stay in Denver. The entire staff was friendly and accommodating. My room was very comfortable and super quiet. Lots of parking close to the entrance. Tasty breakfast. Well-maintained building and very clean. I wholeheartedly recommend this property and would gladly stay here again!

The check in was pleasant and quick despite it being busy at the desk. The room was very clean.  Refrigerator and Microwave - worked well.  I accidentally left items. Housekeeping gave them to the front desk, who called me not long after my departure, and I was able to go back and pick them up. Great service.

Overall a good stay. Rooms were clean , spacious, and housekeeping daily. Hot breakfast served daily. Pool and spa was clean. Only issue is the door to our room seemed heavy to open and would slam close.

Positive: This is my go to hotel when I need one in this area. Negative: The only things I can say here are the breakfast area is a bit small for seating and the elevator is a bit slow.

It was very pleasant and peaceful.  It was nice and quiet which is a must for me as I cannot stand to have someone running around being loud.

Positive: Great breakfast on top of all of the above. Negative: ""

Check in was at 3pm but we didn’t get to check in until closer to 4pm. When asking about the upgrade option due to our member status the representative was very short with us and said you already have a suite. I wasn’t aware of the options and did not know we had the top option, it was just a question.

Hotel was clean, staff was wonderful. Other guests were kind too. Thank you for allowing quiet well behaved dogs up to 60 lbs.

Front desk is very helpful specially Ms Ashley

Best thing about this Holiday Inn Express is the staff. Mainly Ashley and Katie. 
Breakfast is crowded and about average in taste and quality. 
Plenty of restaurants and shopping within walking distance. There’s a bit of traffic noise since it’s so close to a major intersection and I-25. 
Water pressure is pretty low throughout the hotel but that’s probably because it’s an older property. 
We stay in hotels 200+ nts/year and would rate the mattress comfort as a little below average and a little firm. 
Would choose in this IHG hotel again if staying in the area.

The worst experience I have ever had at a hotel. Basic accommodations are impossible here. The staff can't help with anything and the manager is on vacation. What a joke of Hospitality.

Spilled coffee had nothing to clean it up so used wash clothes. Elevator took for ever when needed to use due to having a bus of 48 people staying and using the elevator and packed hotel. Elevator stopped on every floor and took forever to go up or down. Mentioned to front desk staff but seemed like they didn’t care. Also didn’t open up other sitting area when over crowded during breakfast time so lot of standing around till a seat opened up. Some front desk staff very kind a helpful then some didn’t seem happy to be there. Being charged for wash clothes being used to clean up a coffee mess not happy at all. Will not recommend this hotel to anybody unless they have a way of making things better. I even had others with me that i talked good about the place and how my stay last time was wonderful until now. They will not recommend either anymore.

Everything was excellent comfortable, quiet and accessible on my next visit to Colorado I return to this . I'm going to recommend it to all my family and friends. My registration was also very fast without problems.

The hotel experience was smooth and made my golfing for fund raising a plus. Easy access from the interstate and pleasant personnel that made the stay easy. I am a "blog of dough" person so I enjoyed the cinnamon rolls that only Holiday Inn makes.

Nice,newer hotel clean rooms,friendly staff and good breakfast. Only issue is had was only 1 ice machine on 1st floor,not a huge inconvenience but everything else was good. Parking lot was large abd had overflow parking in rear if you have an rv,semi or pulling a large trailer and simple right off interstate access

Bed was terribly uncomfortable, left with a backache. Bathroom shower was like a drip of water. Needs update. Too many hotels in the area to choose this hotel.

Everything was fine, Wi-Fi worked just fine, clean rooms, just an in and out stay.

Our room was arranged very weird.  The closet and safe were right next to the bed, you couldn't even open the door all the way. The bathroom walls were dirty.  There was loud music playing all night long. The pool was ok, but our experience with the pool was horrible.  There were non guests there swimming and eating in the pool, yes, the kids were eating their pizza in the pool. There was roughly about 10 kids there.  The adults had the door propped open so that they could come and go. Hotel staff were too busy with their personal things they either didn't notice or didn't care.  Front desk lady had what appeared to be her baby with her.
I do not recommend this place if you are looking for a place to get a good night's rest.   Unless you sleep with ear plugs.
This location is also not like other IHG locations, not a huge selection for gluten free for breakfast.

Late check-in went without issue. Room very clean and well organized. Breakfast was excellent. Another great day at a Holiday Inn express. Only comment would be additional lighting on a sign as we had a difficult time seeing a dark sign at night.

Warm welcome from staff the rooms were clean. Recommend!

Great service, clean, quite, great staff, well informed

The bed was rock hard, elevator was extremely slow and had to take stairs multiple times 8 months pregnant, 2 hot breakfast options but terrible quality, drinks were good.

Great place!  Wonderful staff, nice rooms, convenient location, full hot breakfast, and more.  This is my go-to location for my Denver travel.

Comfortable bed and clean room with lovely staff which made my extra night in Denver very peaceful and comfortable. I could hear some noise from the room next to mine (TV) but overall unbothered as I slept great.

Breakfast was ok and a little disappointed I couldn't use the pool before leaving for my flight as it was being checked, but understandable! Overall i would recommend staying here!

Best hotel in North Denver area.

Clean rooms good breakfast quiet hours parking close to highways

I am officially done with Holiday Inn & all IHG companies.  Websites are horrible, each mananger tells me to call customer services and they will fix me right up.  So, I have tried that over 20 time the last 2 years.  With no success.  Since my points did seem to be accruing I deciding not boycott.  Front desk employees appear to only be taught the word no.  This trip was the last straw.  I of course, had trouble making a reservation online.  The first price that came up was $108.  After working for the next 30 minutes trying to create my reservation, by the time I was able to make my reservation, the price went way up.  I booked my reservation anyway, assuming I would be able to speak to the hotel manager about the trouble with the website and come up with a price solution. The general manager', Austin Linthicum's reaposne was.  No.  Not his problem.  Fault all belongs to IHG.  No attempt to help me.  I expressed how I had been having issues for the last couple of years but continued my stays at Holiday Inn Express, but now I was finished for good.  Shrug of the shoulders by Austin.  I checked to be sure I understood that standing his ground ground was more important than loosing a customer.  I did not feel like a Valued Guest.

It was amazing. Nothing to complain about.I has the best time and the staff was welcoming and friendly.

Very disappointed, tv remote was broken; every time we went back to our room in the third floor our cards would not work and I have to go back down and have them reset.  Reading lightbulb was burned out. TV in the breakfast room was frozen. It might play for 2 seconds then freeze up again. The coffee machine was broken on the morning we checked out. The worst thing was the elevator quit.  So I had to carry all of our heavy luggage down 3 flights of stairs.  On the plus side, the room was clean, comfortable bed, and good breakfast.

Excellent front desk attendant! I arrived early and she allowed me to check in not evening questioning my early arrival. She had a line of people and was very professional, respectful and kind to all of them. The housekeeping ladies were very nice as well.

The day we arrived we were greeted nicely but the young woman checking everyone in was flustered due to a new computer system. She was very nice but visibly frustrated. She apologized to all of us that were waiting and did a great job, even though she was struggling. Our room was nice and clean but our toilet was very low to the floor and it actually shifted a little when we sat down. But everything else in the room and bathroom worked wonderfully. I do feel like the rooms are a little overpriced but we needed this particular location. The breakfast was good, everything tasted good and was hot. I would prefer regular milk instead of the organic boxed milk, but we made due. I loved the very modern light fixtures in the foyer/check in area and there was a good amount of comfortable seating in the breakfast area. I love the cucumber and lemon water choices at check in, very nice!

My stay was great until I had to interact with the front desk woman with 2 inch eyelashes, 9 inch nails and nose ring! She was rude, unhelpful and should not be in customer service!

On our first night in our room the room was incredibly hot. We adjusted the thermostat and waited to see if the room would cool. After the room remained hot I called down to the from to report the issue. Katie was the staff person I spoke with. Her first response was everyone else room at the hotel was cool that shocked because first of all how would she know that and secondly that was inappropriate. My response was that had nothing to do with me. She then said we could be given a box fan unexplained a box fan would only circulate the hot air in the room. She then hung the phone up in my face and when I called back she refused to answer. I emailed the General Manager of the Austin Linthicum of this and while he did respond and state he would compliment my first night for my issue and he apologized for the staff behavior and said the air was fixed. When I looked at my final bill from my seven night stay that one night complimented was ate up by hotel fees. The air was never fixed and our room remained hot our entire stay and the general manager never once checked back with me on the issue. There was not one staff member at the hotel that ever created us with a good morning or a simple hello the entire length of our stay. The elevator was slow and hot. 
On Friday and Saturday of our stay no one cleaned our room, made our beds or even emptied our trash even though I requested it.  On Friday night I had to go to the front desk to take our trash down to empty it myself and get new trash bags. 
When I did ask if our room was going to be cleaned and when would return to the room it had not been cleaned, our beds not made and trash not emptied. 
I paid  over 1400 for this stay and this not acceptable for any hotel chain and my money should be refunded. The staff needs training from the general manager down.

Check in was amazing.  The breakfast area is a little small.

Thank you for amazing service.
Loved the refreshing water when you are greeted.  Nice touch.

This hotel is truly above average when compared with Marriott Tech Center in Denver. I was surprised as I did not expect this. This hotel has my highest rating, I have given any hotel. I traveled extensively in my life and this place is awesome.

Hotel employees were friendly, the hotel was very clean and looked up today. Right off of I-25 so easy access to get to the Denver. Breakfast was also great! Our bed was hard as a rock though.

One of the night check-in girls (blonde) was rude and had little concern for our safety or comfort.  The A/C unit was antiquated and quit working for a few hours and it was hot!  Again, no concern shown by night girl on duty…however next day we were transferred to better room by another front desk lady, she was great! No full sized refrigerator as we had in other Holiday Inn Express locations.  The coffee maker was located on top of microwave and was unuseable until we moved it to the bathroom.  Wifi was confusing and unable to use unless you set up an IHG account. My overall rating is a 2…Below Average.

Took a long time to check in.

Hotel is good and cleaning, but after a long day of traveling and almost being up for 24 hours was a little screwup with the room, it was fixed

Nice hotel right off I25. Free breakfast was great. Indoor pool and hot tub were good.

Positive: This hotel was very nice and really clean.  Was very impressed. Negative: The cleaning product smell was strong but I'm hyper sensitive so most people probably don't have an issue.   I just opened a window and didn't have them clean again and I was fine.

We stayed for three nights and the staff was very friendly, parking lot was very clear, and I saw many happy families enjoying the pool/gym. The TV in the bedrooms are pretty outdated so we couldn't connect to it or use our streaming services without a console/laptop/streaming device and the guide button on the remote didn't work. We also don't really eat much bread and that was really all they had for breakfast options, and they closed the breakfast early our last day there so we had to go find food elsewhere. Would've killed for some cheap yogurt or some whole milk instead of skim milk.

Great pet friendly hotel with nearby walking path.

Great location, and great service!

I have never had an issue when I stay here.  The staff takes good care of me.  I travel here about every 3 months.

I totally recommend this hotel The room is clean, and the bed is comfortables.  The location is very convenient.  I like the inside pool and the spa.  The breakfast is good, but can be more selections

Everything was clean, staff were friendly & helpful and the room was quiet!

First, workout room is tiny and very hot! Hotel as a whole was kept warm and muggy. They patrol ice machines as if they were gold. Elevator is horrible and will make you think twice entering. Skipped out cleaning our room.

We were in town for a swim meet and this hotel met most of our needs. We just needed a place to relax in between sessions and sleep at night. Beds were super comfy and the staff was very friendly. They let us have a late check out which was extremely helpful. The only downfall was we had to leave for the swim meet before the breakfast was available. We chose a hotel based on if they had breakfast included and it was disappointing we couldn't take advantage. Not anyone's fault, just the way it is. Also, on one of the days the housekeeper took our dirty towels, but did not replace them with clean ones so we were only left with 1 clean towel.

Positive: I have stayed here several times and it has been consistently exceptional. The staff is friendly and helpful, the rooms are comfortable and clean and the breakfast is high quality (much better than most of the hotel breakfasts that we?ve experienced). Negative: ""

This was the cleanest,  best smelling hotel I have ever stayed at. It felt so luxurious.

Everything about this hotel was wonderful. I will definitely make it my first choice on return visits to the Denver area. The only thing that could have been better would be if they had some rooms with bathrooms that had high-rise toilets.  I give this hotel, a definite five stars, and a perfect 10.

I really want to give a shout out to the great front desk service. Was incredibly helpful as we were trying to find a good place to park our car and Uhaul. Precious directed us to a good spot, and then came out to reposition us and make sure our trailer was fully in security camera view! It gave us great peace of mind while we slept. The rest of the service and amenities were nice as well.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The room was very quiet and had a comfortable bed and they accommodated us to be able to check in early.  Breakfast was good and they did a good job of keeping the breakfast items filled.  The single elevator was a bit slower to arrive and move than we would have liked but it was operating fine.

We received extraordinary service from check-in to check out. The front desk was responsive and knowledgeable.  Everything was extra clean when we arrived and after daytime service.  Additionally, they called me and asked about items I left behind and provided a way to get them back.  Turns out I didn't need what I left behind, but appreciate the option!

I was there on business along with a few co workers and at 11:40 I was called and told I needed to leave by 12 because my room was sold. Very relaxing.

I can say this is my 3rd and maybe last time staying here. Very unprofessional to see hair and unfinished cleaning for a “Ready” room.

They canceled my reservation a day before my arrival ,because "the system was not working correctly" and allowed extra reservations, solution was give me points , is the first time i have a situation kike this with a IHG hotel in 14 years. my credit card was in the system and they tried to call me but they couldn't.

Highly recommend this property. Our entire stay from beginning to end was excellent service. The entire staff, the cleanliness of the property and the entire breakfast. Huge variety of food. Parking lot was huge and clean

One of the best hotel stays I’ve had…no complaints here! Friendly staff, clean and comfortable rooms! Good breakfast with hot and cold options. Also had a pool which I did not use with other amenities available as well.

Precious the front desk clerk is exceptional. She went out of her way to help me fix my mistakes. Precious is awesome!

Positive: Great location and easy access . Negative: None

Great place to stay. Staff was perfect. Lighting switches in my room didn’t make sense. Loved the greeting I received for being IHG member.

Fresh and clean.  Friendly staff.  Breakfast was great.

Horrible location, beds are uncomfortable, no pillow top on these mattress’s. The beds are the number one reason we have been long time patrons of this brand. The sounds outside this location are non-stop, you would think you were at a race track with the constant noise from traffic, slamming doors and such. Very sorry I booked two nights at this location.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I never stay @ IHG properties just because I've used other loyalty programs for years but was reading your reviews online & they were so good I thought I'd "risk" trying new brand . . . WITHOUT EXCEPTION, every single staff member has been EXCEPTIONAL 🙌

Friendly, patient, helpful & (most importantly) just ✨nice!✨ So thank you for your work to make your visitors' trips nicer! 🏆

🪿Mother Goose, Father Goose & their goslings - my view from my hotel window was unexpected "upgrade," plus Red Tail Hawks in tree and other nice Nature 🌳

They changed my rate and made me fight to correct it. It took several calls. I checked out early as I was planning on staying for days and had to continue fighting them from another hotel chain. I won't stay here again. Dishonest.

Big beautiful covered temporary parking area for registration.... check.
Big welcoming smile and " welcome to Holiday Inn.... Check
No interuptions when stating my needs... check.
Quiet and comfortable room to sleep...check
Well rested drive the next day....Check

Positive: "" Negative: The staff was very rude before i checked out i asked if i was going to be charged any more then what i already paid she said no the next day I was charged another 150 i called and asked what I was being charged for and they said for towels

Kids in the room above were out of control. Called the front desk, they said nothing could be done because it’s not quite time. BS! Parents are raising a bunch of animals!

The hotel and staff is great, but the area is atrocious

Which was a very satisfying and nutritious. The room and the breakfast along with the staff on each time period were so friendly, courteous, and very knowledgeable about the surrounding area when we ask where should visit for dinner etc.

Staying at this hotel was a nightmare, twice I was moved rooms due to the toilet flooding, the attendant was rude and unprofessional, all the rooms had horrible electrical wiring and none of the plugs worked. When I let the attendant know that the laundry room door was broken and the time was inaccurate she decided to call the police on me and my son with my service animal and have us removed although I paid for another night, I was tossed out in the rain as a tourist. I would never go to this horrid place again!!! Worst time of my life I would go to another town completely!!!

Positive: Love the pool area Negative: Long wait on arrival to get room

Was ok upset that they charge for late checkouts. Also pool was being cleaned during hours of operation which my kids could not swim . They had all night to clean. Very rude

The only negative was that mattress should be replaced as soon as possible.

The room with three queen bed was HUGE!!!! Easily could fit 10-12 people in that room, maybe more. That was so amazing and exactly what we needed. Thank you for offering that (and at a reasonable price). The only con was that the hallway smelled strongly of cigarette smoke right by the elevator (I think there is a smoking room right near there).

Room was really nice with nice, high ceilings, huge bed, and comfy chaise lounge.

Just went through a remodel.  The facilty is bright and cheerful.
Kudos to Austin and his crew.

Waren hier 3 Nächte während unseres Roadtrip.
Die Dame die uns am Empfang begrüßt hatte war einfach nur Zucker.
Wir hatten eins der Renovierten Zimmer, groß und geräumig.
Das Frühstück war wie in America sehr einfach, hat aber seinen Zweck erreicht.
Ein kleiner Minuspunkt gab es leider auch, je nachdem konnte mal die Leute über uns hören, wie sie durchs Zimmer gesprungen sind.

In ca 1,5 Stunden konnte man den Rocky Mountain National Park oder den Pikes Peak erreichen, zwei sehr erstaunliche Orte.
In der Nähe gab es noch ein Outlet und viele Möglichkeiten der Verpflegung.

This hotel was chosen due to close proximity to family living in the area, pet friendly, and price. Was very impressed with cleanliness and layout of room. Window covering included room darkening shade which was much appreciated. Bathroom was bright. Staff was quite friendly. 24 hour staffed desk was appreciated. Nice layout for breakfast foods available, with clear markings of steam table items. Very quiet location. Would highly recommend, and look forward to next stay.

I really love the overall experience it was worth the money and it’s super family friendly

Positive: Cleanliness of the lobby Negative: First, paying a $100 non refundable fee for a service animal is absolutely ridiculous. That?s more than 1 night?s stay. Not supposed to ask me what kind of service animal I have. Secondly, the noise ordinance is not mandated. More to say.?.

Stop #3 of 8. These jobs involve more walking than i imagined. We have had a great time exploring the area before stopping into the hotels so far. Snd this just added to the great time around the Colorado area.

Positive: Location, price & free breakfast Negative: No

The hotel was clean and breakfast was decent.

But! I had to pay $100 non refundable fee for my service dog as I was asked what kind of service dog she was. Pretty sure that’s a fine line of legality’s.

The floor of our room was not clean. Very dirty. We were on the first floor, which was fine the first night, but the second night, the noise ordinance was not mandated. The guests in the pool area had the pool door propped open and kids were running back and forth, after 10pm. We were right by the FD, so I know the FD agent heard all of it. ZERO sleep by my son (who can sleep through anything) and by myself.

I would not stay here again. :/

A great stay for a great price. Katie at the front desk was super helpful and friendly. Our kids really enjoyed the pool. Highly recommend if you’re in the Denver area.

Staff very professional and accommodating! Hotel ameneties were top quality and met every need. Would definitely choose this hotel again.

All the staff on the day of stay was very helpful. Room was well organized and clean there was enough towels for us. Wasn't able to make it to breakfast we were still in bed from the good night sleep. Will visit again when in town. Great experience.

The staff was very polite and courteous. Always greeted me when I was in the lobby. The room was very clean and the daily service of my room was taken care of promptly.

I had a wonderful time at this Holiday Inn Express! The staff was wonderful and my stay was amazing! I would absolutely recommend that anyone who wants an awesome experience for a great value to stay at this location.

Traveling with a team of basketball girls can be challenging  to find a place that can provide ample space for the girls to hang out together and fully enjoy their down time.. We had the best experience staying at this hotel and checked every box to accomplish this.. From the late night arrival after a weary day of travel being greeted and assisted by the friendly  night desk clerk Katie to the wonderful hot  breakfast available the next morning including clean and comfortable quiet rooms we felt indulged. The extended pool hours and use of the breakfast room for an after swim pizza party couldn't have been more perfect. The spacious suites provided lots of space for the girls to enjoy their time together watchung movies or playing cards. Would highly recommend this facility!

The hotel experience was very satisfying and I enjoyed the professional staff, the rooms are spacious and clean, the breakfast was very fulfilling and healthy. I highly recommend that you choose to stay at this branch of hotels.

We didn't have a long stay but the staff was extremely friendly and rooms were really nice. Breakfast was really good, we were almost late but they waited for us to finish before cleaning up which was extremely nice, overall had a great stay

The pool closes late, our room was clean and spacious, the breakfast was good and had top tier milk and yogurts. I was extremely pleased with our stay!

Great hotel, comfortable stay and very friendly and accommodating staff!

Everything was great accept for the rude kitchen staff

Hotel was very clean overall, not complicated to navigate, easy to check in and out. Parking was more than sufficient and is well lit. The staff are very helpful and welcoming. Breakfast is very good and not dry. 

Would be nice if they would serve earlier breakfast earlier. When traveling, I would sometimes prefer to leave very early, at around 5am.

Good place to stay

Staff was amazing, room was spacious and clean, only downside was how cold the pool was but the kids didn't mind. Great stay, next time we come down we'll definitely be staying here.

Do not trust reviews, I chose hotel for the reviews on it being quit. This was not the case, from dogs barking and howling from loud noise from rooms

I spent time with my family to celebrate my birthday. I will definitely go back again.  I will stay longer next time.

This is the worst stay I have ever had. I am here for a week on business, since the first day of check in all I have heard are kids , slamming doors,jumping and running in the room above me . Also, over 30 mins of dogs barking and howling. I contacted front desk, and emailed the general manager, front desk said they would take care of it, still is going on. I still have days left staying here and this will be the last time I will and sharing this with company I am with so   they won't use hotel. I requested a top floor room at booking and was not accommodated or a change in room to a quieter area. I went by reviews on quietness but this has been a horrible  experience so far! The rooms are clean though .

BUYER BEWARE: The Hotel Management and Front Desk are running a fraudulent scam reusing old photos to charge additional fees after checkout. Make sure to take photos of room before checkout. I will be contacting local news stations as well as calling the police. ICE will be notified as well.

Celebrated my birthday with my family and it was amazing,  pool, hot tub and service 😍 🙌 ❤️ 10 out of 10

Very clean and amazing customer service. Slept like a baby!

I recently checked into your hotel and encountered several issues that significantly impacted my stay. Upon check-in, the young lady at the front desk assigned me a room, but I was unable to access it despite the keycard light turning green. When I returned to the desk, she attempted to resolve the issue but was unable to gain access either. After waiting for the maintenance staff to investigate, I was assigned a different room.
Later, as I began to settle in, I noticed a black spot on the bed which look like bed bugs .After brushing it off, I started to itch and realized something was wrong. I applied heat to the area, which revealed two black bugs. I called the front desk and explained the situation, and the staff offered to move me to yet another room. At this point, I was so frustrated that I was ready to check out and return home.
The following day, I spoke with the General Manager, who mentioned that they had training for these situations and had personally inspected the room. Despite this, the room was placed out of service for further inspection. He also referenced a black light, which I assume is used to detect pests, but this further confused me since he had stated the room was thoroughly checked.
As a loyal Holiday Inn Express guest, I was deeply disappointed with the lack of resolution and the response I received. I feel the issue was brushed aside, and the offer of bonus points was insufficient given the circumstances. I will reconsider staying at this location in the future and advise caution to others.

Staff is always amazing. Hotel has great breakfast serves a variety. Their biscuits and gravy is awesome.  Clean rooms. Updated. Very quiet. Wifi works amazing. Never had no problems. The pool is our favorite.

Room looks nice, also good price. As mentioned, the breakfast was complimentary and very good. Bravo! I also found the staff very nice and helpful.  Laundry, pool, hot top and gym all look very nice. I would stay here again, if I ever visited Denver.

Was a really awesome place to stay. I love the complimentary breakfast and the mini fridge. I wish the rooms were noise proof, but nothing is perfect.  Was a good price all together and stellar customer service.

Who ever cleaned the bathroom in my room needs to be fired. It's so dirty, you can see a shoe print by the tub, hair all around. It's honestly disgusting.

There was loud partying, wall hitting, door, slamming, loud talking from multiple people from 3 to 5 AM when I asked the front desk for help in the morning about it Cesar and Kevin, who I emailed, both ignored me. It was very frustrating and terrible value/stay. I am still seeking any compensation of my $110 night still.

Overall nice property but the bathroom wasn’t clean. Tile was chalky with missing grout. Juices at breakfast were labeled incorrectly and they were out of apple juice. Kind of noisy when we went to bed.

The water pressure and lukewarm water made showering and rinsing soap and shampoo off difficult. Bathroom had grout missing between tiles and tile looked chalky from previous repairs not done correctly. You can hear a lot of noise as people move around the area.

Great pet friendly place to stay. Cost for pets is $50 per pet.

This is the cleanest IHG facility we have stayed at in Colorado. Every staff member we encountered did their job well and were actively engaged. I thought it was a new location (a staff member told me it was about 15 years old).

It felt dirty and looked dirty. There was a hair on the bed. They didn’t clean even when my husband asked them. very poor service and rude! Never stay there also very thin walls!  Nasty

Ridiculous that we are charged a $50 damage deposit on arrival. You’d think diamond elite would be exempt as we have a proven track record with IHG. This place is run down, the walls & door in our room had plenty of preexisting damage. Discoloration of floor & shower walls. Booked a mobility room, it had NO grab bars in the shower and is unsafe.

The view from my hotel room was breathtaking.  Customer service was efficient.

I stay at this property frequently and I am always greeted with a smile and when I have a request it is always met. The front desk sends text to you to check on your stay which is a nice added touch. I frequently stay at this property and am always greeted with a smile. Whenever I have a request, it is promptly met. The front desk also sends texts to check on my stay, which adds a nice personal touch.

First room had black specks on bed tried to call front desk only got static on phone. Went down 20 mins after checking in w really nice man, found shift change happened and was assisted by a young female who wasn’t interested or empathetic to my concern. She awkward silently  assigned a new room across the hall 
Which was a little better but still felt dingy. Breakfast was good disappointed no fresh fruit for pancake toppings like their sister hotel staybridge.

I would highly recommend this hotel. It's in a quiet area, the staff is very friendly,  the hotel is extremely clean.  They offer free breakfast with your hotel stay and the prices of rooms are very affordable.  They also have a pool and gym that guests can enjoy.  I felt safe in the area also. Close to alot of business as well.

Clean and comfortable hotel. The staff was very helpful to make our stay pleasant. We had also forgotten some personal items in a room and we got a phone call shortly after checking out to let us know if had been found. They had it bagged at the front desk when we got back to pick it up. Very kind and attentive staff.

Excellent location with nice views or the Rockies from our window along with a great breakfast with small but ample variety of choices. We will be staying here again on our next trip. Oh, and last but certainly not least, the price couldn’t be beat.

The rooms are clean and they have refrigerators , microwaves ,coffee makers, free internet .

Clean and inviting property in a convenient north Denver location.  Courteous and accommodating staff makes the stay all the more pleasurable.  Plentiful hot breakfast spread makes a great start in the morning.  See you next trip.

It's dated but nice for the cost. Right off the highway so it's convenient for trave. Pool and hot tub were nice. The exercise room was just cardio equipment.

This location was convenient for my needs.  The service exceeded my expectations. The property and room was clean and well organized. The experience was better than what I anticipated and I highly recommend this property for lodging needs.

Very nice experience.  Didn't see any dogs. Hope they don't allow them.

The check in was easy and the front desk associates were very friendly.  The room was nice and clean.

That was a poor response to the review regarding your pet policy. A $150 deposit and a fee of $50 per day does not a pet-friendly establishment make. I feel you’ve lost the sense of the comment. Your guest was too polite to leave the review without balancing out the negative with some positive. If you’re going to be honest, and I hope you are, you don’t reply with a hypocritical platitude mischaracterizing the comment for saying something other than what it did. You don’t imply that you will consider changing the policy when you have no intention of doing so. People in Colorado love their pets. It’s not proper to take advantage of this virtue and make of their love a profit center. You do not expect the average pet to cause damage anywhere near to being commensurate with what you charge, so charge fairly.

It was a work stay so I wasn't able to enjoy the complete usage of the hotel. The breakfast food at Holiday Inn Express is standardized, breaking that standardization would be a pleasant surprise.  Coffee brand is not high quality, again better quality coffee would be a nice change.

We stayed here one night while in the area for a sports event for my daughter. The hotel was clean, comfortable and reasonably priced. It fit our needs perfectly.

Hotel and Rooms were very clean,  staff was friendly and helpful. Good breakfast options,  and location was very convenient.

First time here.  The staff was professional and courteous.  Got a newly refurbished room on the 4th floor.  The hotel is nice and well kept.  "Woodie", the security dog is cute as all hell and friendly.  Nice breakfast area.  The pool looks good and clean

This hotel was great for a family of five with young adults in tow.  Each person was able to spread out having three queens in a roll with a pullout sofa just made the trip. Thanks Holiday Inn!

We arrived late,  but the front desk staff was very understanding. Breakfast was okay but nothing to write home about. Rooms were decent size and beds were comfortable.

Great location and easy to get to from the airport and comfortable bed

Rooms could have been cleaner and they need to say about the $50 room deposit and I did not like no bare feet in the pool area.

Hotel was in a great area, clean, affordable. The breakfast was nice, options and stocked. Pool was nice

Clean safe and had a great stay.  Room was very quiet so slept great.

Loved the inside pool, breakfast was great and people was too

Repeat stay at this hotel.  Close to where our kids live, so we like that.  Room was clean and comfortable.  Outside noise in the morning was a little more than we remembered before.  Ice machines were broken most of the time.  Otherwise, everything was fine.  Hotel is easy access from main roads in Thornton.  Walkable to restaurants and gas station/convenience store.  Breakfast was alright, nothing special but edible.  Managment and staff were very cordial.

Our overall stay felt clean and safe, with a lot of amenities for my group. The room was clean, the pool was great. Breakfast was amazing and the courtesy of the staff was phenomenal. My next trip to the area I will stay here again.

Friendly staff, clean rooms! Was in a good location for where we were going!

What a wonderful hotel property to stay, extremely inviting.

Just stayed Oct 12-15. Flew down from Calgary, AB for the Broncos game. Staff was awesome. Pool and breakfast were good. Great location! Many shops and dining within walking distance. Circle K right beside the hotel.

This hotel was new, clean, cozy, and everyone was friendly.

We stayed for 6 nights in October.  Check-in staff were very friendly and attentive.  Clean facilities all around.  Would recommend staying here again.

Good location and had breakfast ready on time for us. wish they had more items. Looking to stay in future for work and Fun. Business center was easy to work for us. Hoping to see you all soon and wish us luck on future stays.

This was a great placecto stay and wanted to let others know about it.  I had to attend a two day conference in the Denver area.  My search found this hotel nearby with handy access to the freeway.  I often stay at this hotel chain and this particular location  was outstanding. The room was so clean and quiet and  the bed offered a variety of four pillows that let you know which was firm or soft.  The bed was very comfortable so I was able to get a good nights sleep. The hot breakfast was wonderful end to my outstanding stay.

Excelente hotel. Clean and comfortable. Friendly staff. Goode breakfast

Good morning my friend I hope you have a great stay here.

Great staff, great building.  Plenty of parking.  Good location.  Pool and hot tub were in good condition.  Room was comfortable and clean.  You could not ask for more!

The only big negative was the cleanliness of the pool and spa. The room and the breakfast were good.

Definitely not truck parking. The girl that showed me where I could park. Was really nice.  The morning staff not so much.

Upon arriving I was greeted by the friendly staff at the front desk. The hotel is very clean. My room was very clean. The bed is very comfortable. I did not use the breakfast option. Overall a good place to stay.

Scott made my reservation because my phone would not bring up the web page for this hotel.  He was efficient, and greeted us when we checked in.  Great experience

This is a really clean place. The breakfast was good as well. I plan to make several reservations at this property. I come here to work at a local hospital and this is very convenient. Thanks!

Newly renovated. Very clean and a good location.

I stayed here with my family and it was a horrific experience! My and my fiance were laying there laughing away. Then all of a sudden a BED BUG crawled right across my fiancés pillow. I nearly jumped across the room after seeing this. Please BEWARE!! Check your beds here as these critters can infest homes very quickly. I had mentioned it to the manager and she said it was the only room available and we got a refund within the next two days which was fine. However the inconvenience of switching hotels at 11:30 pm at night! Was just not cool. I raced my family out of there and The Delta hotel across the street took us in for the night. Just beware families and check everything before staying here. Id hate for anyone to bring those home.

Austin, Leslie, Rihanna & Randie were just super folks to deal with and all of them aim to please.  The other staff; from maids to maintenance seem to take a great deal of pride in their work as this hotel is top notch!

There was no problem with kids sleeping arrangements!  3 queens fit the bill perfectly!

Overall helpful staff, room was "tired" needed updated tiles that were cracked and hard on your bare feet. Breakfast was highlight of the stay. Food was very good and the lady that took care of the food was excellent.

From the moment we walked in the door we were so impressed with the bright clean atmosphere. The concierge was welcoming and our room was wonderful. I highly recommend this hotel for your stay in the Denver area!

It was a good stay and staff was friendly and helpful the breakfast was good and they took care of the small inconveniences that we had with the construction that they were performing on the hotel at the time of our stay.

The front desk and breakfast room staff were very friendly. We were cheerfully greeted upon arrival. The employees working the breakfast and dining area were fantastic. They went out of their way to make sure that guests were happy.

Never heard another guest during our stay and the hotel was full.

This is a lovely property with a peaceful walking path behind the hotel. It is close to many restaurants, all within walking distance The staff were all very friendly and accomodating and the included full breakfast was awesome. The rooms were clean and quiet, with one exception. Do not accept the room that is next to the noisy pump room for the pool, unless you are fan of white noise, which we are not.

Will definitely book this hotel again! Location is great, also.

We needed adjoining rooms to share with grandchildren and the staff were excellent in providing this for us.  We had an enjoyable visit, used the pool and jacuzzi and everyone enjoyed the breakfast provided. The location was perfect for us.

Called for late check-in, they said the room and keys were ready for us the second we arrived.  We were checked in and into our rooms 5 minutes after getting onsite.  Beds were very comfortable and the rooms were quiet.

Interesting place. No desk but they improvised by putting a dresser type thing with a bunch of outlets up. I had some problems with my TV and the front desk guy came up and replaced my coaxial cable and got everything working for me so that was pretty cool. Breakfast was so so, not that great. Great location though…. Walking distance to restaurants.

Outside and lobby were great and felt like new, however did not get the same vibe from the outdated room.

The staff here is wonderful and accommodating. The front desk clerk Rianna was super friendly and helpful and the manager Austin was fantastic as well. We'll definitely be making this our regular hotel whenever we're in town.

The Hotel is very clean, and they have the most patient staff. Rianna was super friendly, super helpful. She upgraded my room no complaints due to a party change! Definitely recommend!!!

It was good

Lovely and busy hotel. Room on the 4th floor was nice with a lovely bathroom.
Just a shame the Wifi was not up to full strength in our room.
Reception staff were very pleasant and helpful.
Parking is ample

Our overall experience was what we expected for a hotel in this price range. Our biggest complaint is how poorly the bathroom is laid out. The pump soap dispensers are bolted to the wall and are about 4 feet to the left of the sink. The body wash/shampoo/conditioner dispensers are located OUTSIDE of the shower. And, the ONLY towel hook in the bathroom is located about 8 inches above the body wash/shampoo/conditioner dispensers - so if you hang a towel there during your shower it will cover the body wash/shampoo/conditioner dispensers. Really poor planning.

I am super impressed with this hotel from the minute I walked in.  The I know I did. He just like sweep over and then leaves I know. front desk was completely helpful. The room was amazing. The bed was comfortable. The pillows were really great, and the breakfast was definitely better than many hotels. If you need to be on the 25 highway I would recommend this hotel.

Good place to stay. Good breakfast. Day staff was great and helpful. Overnight staff not so much.

Loved that this hotel was right off the highway. Easy access and quick to get our trips started. Staff were warm, welcoming and helpful. They were all So sweet! Loved the view of the mountains from our two queen bed room. Breakfast was great and always stocked. Would stay here again!

The front desk was very helpful.
Rooms were clean. Breakfast was good… no great.

We had to travel to Thornton for a funeral. The hotel was very clean, comfortable, and a great place to unwind.

Room was nice and clean. Smelled fresh. Loved the normal size fridge as well!

I enjoyed my stay. The staff was responsive, the room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast had a good variety and was fresh.

The hotel staff was great from the front desk to the cleaning people. Breakfast was very good and great options. Room was very clean. We had no complaints.

The air conditioning unit seemed insufficient for the room. Aside from that, it was am excellent experience. The rooms are newly renovated and look amazing.

Leslie at the front desk was very helpful and professional. She followed up to make sure the room was satisfactory.  The room was recently remodeled and very nice. We expect to go back to Denver in the next few months and will book here again.

Great breakfast and staff. Close to everything we needed.

Was able to relax with baby in the room. Staff was friendly. Scott was very helpful and courteous. Plenty of parking available. Laundry facility available was affordable and clean. Beds were comfortable and clean.

I like staying here. Good location, good breakfast selection, clean and spacious rooms- plus a pool that opens early.

I hate leaving bad reviews, but I feel like in this situation it was necessary. We chose this hotel based on location and reviews. When we arrived our room had a very bad sewer smell that they were able to fix after our first nights stay. The room did not feel clean and the bed was so hard my spouse and I both woke up in pain. Some of the staff was very helpful while others seemed like we were inconveniencing them. The gym is also very small and has very few options for working out. My spouse and I chose not to use it because of this and this was one of the amenities we were most excited to use, I was also charged an additional almost $500 after our stay and had to call to get it removed as it was a mistake on their part. My kids loved the pool and hot tub and the location was great. We will be looking for a different hotel next time we travel to Denver.

The staff was excellent and the room, breakfast, spa and pool were the best I've ever experienced in a hotel! We enjoyed the fun and relaxation and the food was delicious!  I would definitely recommend staying at this hotel and I will absolutely be staying here again!

The parking lot had a lot of trash laying around. There was a broken water line by a bush so a lot of water was being wasted. The person who was on duty at the front desk needed to iron his shirt. Apparently appearance is not important to work the front desk.

I would come here again. Great experience.  Room was clean
And bedding was nice.

Nice, clean pet friendly establishment. It was a great stay.

We're on a budget so had to choose the HIExpress at the best value. The property is supposedly under renovation but we didn't note anything going on and the place was perfect. Reception staff very helpful.

Hotel Location was ideal. It is close to major highways but far enough away that one does not hear traffic noise. The staff is friendly and professional.

Managers on duty were very nice, the girls on the other hand were not as friendly. Beds were hard as rocks. Breakfast could have had a little more variety, as we got tired of eating the same thing every morning. And at no fault of the hotel, the guests above us sounded like a herd of cattle early in the morning and late at night. Made it very hard to rest. Also there should be an ice machine on every floor, one day the ice machine was even down.

Second time back and this time was better than last. This is a very clean hotel and the staff is very friendly. I walked in and could smell that the lobby was just cleaned. She gave us a newly renovated room.

The bed is really hard would like to see a little bit softer beds pillows are excellent

Great stay. 
I would recommend maybe fixing the bathroom area. The room we stayed in (409) was a little rough for it being newly remodeled. The towel rack unded the sink was duck tapped which was very odd. The cocking job done around the sink was not good and you could move it around. This isn't good. If the sink would happen to fall because of the poorly done work, it would be bad.

It was not on their website that they charged so much for each pet. I'm used to a pet fee, but this was outrageous. I was too tired and sore from travel to look for a new hotel - plus I think that if I canceled at the desk, I'd still be charged since I wasn't canceling 24 hours in advance. I feel taken advantage of. Never again.

Rianna at the front desk was so kind, wonderful and helpful. The breakfast was delicious and not just carbs.

Loved my stay.  Super close to friends, family, dining, shopping, walking trails, and morning coffee shops.  Overall, I couldn't have asked for better accommodations for my trip to the Denver/metro area.

Good location. Plenty of parking space. Good breakfast choices. Clean rooms.

From booking the hotel to getting guest registered to the greeting sleeping and leaving was the best service.

Comfortable bed, great breakfast, clean and nice staff

I was able to book a room less than 24 hrs before I needed it and on top of that, I was able to check in early!!  I was in another area and had to change my plans unexpectedly so everything with this stay was perfect.  The areas around the hotel are not the best (quite a bit of homeless people hanging out) but that isn't any fault of the hotel.

We stayed at this hotel while we were coming back from the mountains before we went to the airport. We had no issues at the hotel. Everything was clean and nice in the hotel. We were able to eat breakfast and get plenty of rest which was the goal so I would say this hotel go the job done for us.

Room was huge! Clean! Good night sleep 
Newly remodeled hotel. Breakfast was good

Elevator was not working. My son and i had to carry all our luggage to the fourth floor with no offer from staff to help.

The suites were amazingly spacious and comfortable!

There was plenty of parking.  Rhianna at the front desk was pleasant and professional.  She gave me a room on a remodeled floor.  The furniture and power outlets were all new and efficient for tech charging.  The bed was very comfortable and the hotel was quiet.  Access to main thoroughfare is easy.  I would stay there again.  Very good experience.

The hotel was very clean including the lobby, the hallways, and the room itself. The beds were very comfortable, the bathroom amenities were good, the breakfast was pretty good. The location was perfect for us and we felt very safe.

Poor employee attitude, poor communications between staff and managers, inadequate parking, cost per night with increased cost for weekends, no follow-up from managers when we pointed out the problems.

We had a newly refurbished room that was a great experience,except for the early trash pickup outside(not used to the noise of the city) it was great.
Front desk was friendly and helpful
Hotel was clean and the pool was nice

Det mest uforskammede personale vi nogensinde har mødt - fik ikke der værelse vi havde booket 5 måneder før trods vi havde bekræftigelser fra booking.com samt hotellet selv. Selv efter booking.com kontaktede dem forsatte deres dårlige opførsel.

Families dont stay at this hotel. We stayed for over a week and room 107 was discusting smelled the mold in the carpet where the AC was leaking. There were roaches crawling in the restroom. The next room was fine but cant ask for cleaning because the cleaning people give you attitude. Ended up having to help the lady do my beds. Oh and you will be charged a ridiculous amount for "damaged" sheets because they dont wash their sheets. Manager Austin is rude and unprofessional.

As far as not being fair for other customers then i guess new sheets are being used everytime someone new stays if washins sheets is such a fuss. Never staying at this NASTY place anyway.

My kids loved the pool and hot tub they stayed in it for a very long time. we had a few hiccups during our stay but it was an okay stay. The breakfast wasn't the best but it was breakfast and my family ate it

Bed and pillows are comfortable, but room sizes are small.

the room was dirty. It was no soap in our bathroom when we did go to the front desk. They were rude there was somebody walking above us from 11 PM to 1 AM. I texted in for something to be done and gotten no response.

This is one of the best Holiday Inn Express  that we stay at Outstanding Staff Management Team is outstanding Kitchen Staff is awesome  they remember things after a couple visits

This hotel is a great place to stay. I hate my apt. and in the process on fixing that so my visits will slow down . I will miss the breakfast.

Great hotel overall. Very clean, close to many shops and restaurants, friendly staff, and spacious rooms. I traveled with 2 teens and a toddler and they all loved the heated pool amenity. The hotel was only minutes away from the freeway and several attractions. We truly enjoyed staying there.

The staff was particularily helpful to our needs.  The latest renovations were certainly a plus.  I would certainly recommend to others to consider staying there when visiting in the area.

Great place to stay great food and place around Denver easy access to anything you want to do

BE WARNED!! The pet fee will likely double the price of your stay in this “pet-friendly” hotel.
Pros: The room was nice. The whole establishment was clean and felt safe.  The staff was polite. The location was great, right off the freeway, close to Denver, but not too close to downtown.
Cons: The pet fee was not just a deposit. You literally pay $50 per night per pet! PLUS a pet deposit of $150. There was limited parking with large storage containers using many stalls. There was no grass for the pets to use outside, just rocks.
It was a nice hotel, but would not recommend if you are traveling with pets.

Excellent customer service. The front desk staff is amazing and helped me work through an unforeseen circumstance. Overall great stay

Housecleaning needs to improve. They appear to have enough staff to do the work, it just doesn't get done or very poorly done. The workmanship on the renovated rooms is poor.

We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, it was very quiet which we found delightful as it was 4th of July.   There were some homeless people  (actually only 1) who entered the hotel lobby but was asked to leave, and she did but was being mouthy to the staff.  it was a shame because with this type of business you have to deal with many different people and different circumstances.  They handled it very professionally.

hotel was in good location just had problem with my room regarding a sewage smell from bathroom. waiting for hotel managment to take care of . was told I would receive refund on last night stay.

Location was excellent,  felt safe parking vehicle overnight, Clean room and no bugs, quite and comfortable.   Would visit again.

The room was clean and fine. The HVAC is outdated and the television.  I had no issues, the staff was great, but there wasn't really anything exceptional.  There also was nothing bad about it either.  It was just ok l.

The place has really gone downhill, I've stayed at this location numerous times but this time was really disappointed, absolutely no soap in the shower or next to the sink, and of course you don't realize that until you're actually in the shower...  Maybe $200 a night isn't enough to be able to afford soap

Very comfortable and clean. Staff friendly and knowledge of amenities.

Pool and hot tub were wonderful. Room was clean, quiet, and newly remodeled. Staff was very friendly.  Location was good. Easy access to the interstate but far enough away.

Great spot for travel to Yellowstone National Pard.  Comfortable bed and quite hotel for a good nights sleep.  Great breakfast to start the day.  Rooms have a good amount of space. There was ample parking.  Service was awesome.

We were very pleased with the friendliness of the staff at the front desk. We found our room comfortable in regards to temperature and ability to control the temperature and we loved the pillows, blankets and the bed.

Off I-25. In north Denver area. One elevator…needs a bit of maintenance. Nice size breakfast area. Room is clean. Bathrooms are spotless and well stocked. Mine had a bathtub. Room smells clean but not disinfect-y. Lots of lighting. Bed is firm. Full length mirror. Thermostat on the wall. Air conditioner doesn’t rattle or vibrate annoyingly. Clean carpet. Lots of room for a family. Room for a blow up mattress or two in addition to a pull out (qu/full?) sofa bed. Seems quiet.

Female traveling alone I feel safe in this area. Well lit. Great restaurant area. Walking distance to many. Streets are clean. No homeless in this area that I can see.

My stay at the holiday inn Thornton was great. The staff were friendly and helpful and breakfast was delicious. They were remodeling and I couldn’t even tell. No construction sounds or anything. I highly recommend.

As a Diamond Elite member I stay in IHG hotels all over the country and first thing I look for is smiling friendly faces. While I am there it is my home away from home so I am always comforted by smiling helpful people.

We came as a group of 20 to Denver. We had a pretty big hiccup in our reservation, but GM Austin took exceptional care of us and provided us with better accommodations than we could have hoped for. We are very grateful of the care that was given to us during our stay. I highly recommend staying here.

the staff we so nice and helped any way they could . everything was so clean and nice to look at

The Holiday Inn Express in Thornton was a very nice stay. The price was right, room was clean, staff was helpful. We stayed for just one night, but would stay again. Looked like a nice pool and they are renovating the hotel so it is very fresh

I stayed 4 nights and over all it was great.A few negatives though as for the bathroom the lighting is extremely dim so its not possible to put on makeup in there and I had to use the light coming in from the slider so bring a separate mirror.There are huge moths that get in the rooms so bring a fly swatter and lastly the restaurant downstairs says it opens at 6:30am but opened on time one morning out of 4.|Denver is VERY laid back.

I enjoyed my stay. My room was clean, spacious and the environment wasn’t too noisy. I wish there were a bit more food options for those with food restrictions and better safety measures, like requiring residents to swipe in after a certain time given our location. Aside from that, my experience was enjoyable; wish I was able to utilize more amenities.

We had an enjoyable stay, the beds were comfortable the room was clean, the food was good, the staff was friendly.  No noise.  We had a pleasant time. No complaints. We could use more towels for the bathroom but otherwise great service.

We had a queen suite and it was a great size for three adults and three children. The breakfast had something each of us liked. It was great to wake up and have hot options waiting for us. Not to mention delicious coffee.

Staff were knowledgable, friendly and professional.
Breakfast was hot, cinnamon rolls great as always.
Enjoyed our stay

We needed a place to stay when we visited Denver.  We stayed four nights and found the room was a very comfortable space to recuperate after sightseeing in the city.  The facility just renovated the floor we stayed on so every thing was fresh and clean.

Pretty good services and only thing that was annoying was the key card kept demagnetizing so had to keep getting the key card re magnetized. Our fridge was not working also. Lost 20 dollars worth of food because it was working. Last annoying thing was only having one elevator.

We really liked the room's renovation.  The free breakfast was great every morning of our stay.  We enjoyed the variety of hot and cold choices of food and drinks.  The internet in our room worked great as well.  Great stay altogether!

Very friendly staff. The only complaint I have is the strong smell of the cleaning chemicals they were using for the hallways. Luckily it was during the day so I could easily leave for a few hours

the hotel location was noisy and the wall to the rooms are thin, so it was hard to sleep at night. I don't know what was going on, but for 2 out of my 3 nights cop cars took up half the parking spaces and had to park in the back. The breakfast was ok. I wanted oatmeal one morning and it wasn't even cooked, lots of water/ runny looking. The pancake maker was broke too. The also didn't restock bread/ bagels. I didn't like the 1 elevator, made it hard to get up/ down fast.

The front desk clerk seema does not know what she is doing… she witxh the roome key drom other guest so we wwnt to thw room that she sis not assign

Location is right of the highway and there many place to eat area the area. Hotel has snacks and other items for purchase if you don't want to leave the hotel. Quit place couldn't hear the cars from the highway nor people parking or whatnot.

We spent one night on our way through Denver to get passports. The hotel was under renovation, but our room was quiet and had already been redone. The location was good and the price was right.

You would think a well know name like Holiday Inn Express would be able to hire competent help at the front desk
DONT STAY HERE ! SAVE YOURSELF THE HASSLE LOOK ELSEWHERE.
besides being overcharged 4xover the amount I was supposed to be charged I was told it could take them several weeks to return the money to my account .
Plus if you have children check on the sexual offender app because they have several staying here and scoping out small children  the rooms were clean the ongoing construction is loud with hammering sawing  ect the daytime front lobby reception lady is rude and absolutely 0 help .
I know I'll tell my other traveling employees and family ~ DO NO STAY AT THIS HOTEL.

Great stay as always, thats why I stay with IHG. Only issue was a bad A/C unit which caused alot of noise and didnt work. Sure it went out during someones stay and they just didn't bring it to the staffs attention

Met our needs perfectly.  We were upgraded to 3 Q room per request.   Kids loved the pool. Aa clean and comfortable.

They have a very friendly, helpful staff. Even though we arrived a couple of hours before the official check-in time they quickly were able to find us a cleaned room which was extremely helpful for our situation. 
The room was newly remodeled and extremely clean and fresh. It was quiet all night and allowed us to sleep great.
The breakfast was perfect for us. Overall a great stay!

Hotel is situated on a lovely green space with a window that actually opens to let in fresh air.
The overall experience made for a good night's rest. The front desk staff were cheerful and welcoming. Kudos to the laundry and housekeeping staff members!

The greeting staff was very nice and always smiling. I wish I got her name. The beds were very comfortable. Even though they were doing work on the second floor, you didn't here them.

Requested a late check out, was told that I have until 2 because I was a platinum member. Go back to the room at 1030 and the cleaning staff is in the room clean. The front desk offered me a conference room so I could work. I also needed to shower and get ready for my later meetings. Definitely will not come back with how the manager handled the situation.

Even with upgrading construction going on it didn't disrupt our stay

Relaxing stay even with a remodeling project underway.

We do not recommend individuals stay here during construction.  Also, do not put your do not disturb sign outside the door when the cleaning crew comes because they will not return if they pass your room.

Super stay, friendly staff, breakfast had great option,  the remodel on the upper floors was barely noticeable.  Front desk staff and cleaning staff were very helpful.

Tiffany Tiffany made it more worthwhile.

I unfortunately had to stay at this location due to the death of my father, however the entire staff here were so kind and understanding. Their service allowed me to take a worry off my plate as I had no need to be concerned over my stay with them. 

Thank you to the entire staff for being so kind during this difficult time.

Horrible call me one week before I am due to check in for my niece's graduation and tell me don't show up the room you booked months ago is unavailable and the rest of the rooms are sold out have a nice night. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else. I am an IHG platinum elite member  just for context here.

Bad service

Staff was so friendly, accommodating and courteous. Tiffany for sure needs a high five.

Arrival to this hotel was smooth. Check in was super easy and our room was very clean and neat. A construction notice was placed for 9am, however construction began very early on the day and was impossible to get any sleep. We were able to have a late checkout however check out was difficult due to the construction workers also using the single elevator to transport carpet and other materials.

Near FWY and many options for dining out. Approx 15-30 min drive into Denver downtown (if no traffic). Approx 30 - 40 min drive from airport. Although lots of places are nearby, recommend driving everywhere. Disability parking spaces are limited. There was construction going on during the day. So as long as you plan to be out all day and only return to sleep at night, it’s not a problem. If trying to sleep in late, then you can’t.

Horrible experience. I not only had an unpleasant stay, but I am still being inconvenienced almost a month later. Me and my fiance booked the room last minute needing rest from road trip, we Couldn't sleep over the constant hammering and remodeling, taking place on the floor above us, we settled for alternative of relaxing in hot tub because according to displayed hours it was open, but when we get to the entrance it's locked and restricted access until 6pm because they decided to do chemical maintenance during service hours. The front desk associate informed me a 50$ incidental fee hold would go back on my card in 5 to 7 days, when really she charged the room plus the incidental fee (160$) and it still had not refunded after 3 weeks. That was my cell phone bill funds so i lost my cell phone service over holiday inns unskillful service and methods

We had a great experience at this location. They are making renovation's so the room had some loose tiles in the entryway and was missing a light in the ceiling all things they are going to be working on as their work continues so no loss in my stars. Manager was really nice and very professional he gave us some extra points for the tile and light thing. Staff was super friendly and really helpful when we needed. Would stay here again in the future.

This hotel is clean and comfortable. Upon arrival the staff is always pleasant and helpful. Great location and close to lots of restaurants.

We were greeted with a smile by a professional young lady. She was very helpful. I don't remember her name. My insurance card was dropped in the parking lot and they called right away with it. 
Breakfast was good, filling many options. Breakfast area was kept stocked and clean. 
The pool was warm, clean and easy to find. 
The location was safe, clean and easy to get in and out of. I appreciate that the front door is locked at night for added security. 
We will stay here again.

Always get a friendly family like treatment here rooms are spacious and beds are comfy staff is 100% unbeatable

Llhhtgeggujfddhhhggdshjjbcdyujbvfftujjbbgghiijhvffuujbvggjjnbcghjbcsaqdfhhbcdghbvfghbvghjbfddewfgiihffgv

Building remodel is sub-par with low quality work. My door did not latch and was not fixed after telling front desk. Shower curtain not long enough to stay inside shower making bathroom floor wet. 

Breakfast was good.

The staff was very helpful,  my vehicle was broken into and the morning manager helped find the footage on their security cameras for the police to view when he arrived. Filed a police report helpfully they find the guy.

Got there late Wednesday night checking in was quick and easy. Employees had carts ready for us to carry luggage up and a quick elevator. Got to room turned AC on and television on our room had 3 beds and a pull out couch that turned into a bed with fresh sheets and comforters and extra pillows in a plastic bag. Beds were very comfortable!!! The best thing and very surprising was the breakfast they had so many different choices from fresh eggs bacon and sausage to cereal and pancakes and all the fixings and was very clean.

Staff there were very friendly and ready to help. Check in and out were very quick and smooth.

Our room had recently been renovated, which was nice, but a few things were left unfinished. The bathroom fan was not hooked up, so the bathroom got humid and icky. No towel hooks, some trim work not finished, unused hardware on the bathroom floor, just little things.

I had a good time here the room was lacking sum ammendmenities because of the reservation. Would like to stay here when they are through. Had a great time.

Rooms were being remodeled so it wasn't all put together. The rooms were still great and comfortable. I can't wait to stay at this location when they finished. The staff was great and accommodated us well. Pool was a bit cold but the spa was very nice. Loved there breakfast bar. Was able to have a healthy balanced breakfast.

The staff was nice and the hotel had everything we needed, including laundry.  The large room was great for my family.

When we arrived we were surprised the hotel was under renovation, we had no clue when we booked and since my son has severe asthma would not have done so if I had known. The woman who checked us in was mediocre, not rude but definitely not friendly. The room was just clean enough to be OK, but did not seem super clean. The beds were hard as rocks and we slept horribly. The shower was so weak I would have been better off taking a shower in the rain. At one point the front desk clerk was crying at the counter and was super upset when we needed her assistance with some things. There seemed to be a manager there but she was far too busy flirting with the construction workers to acknowledge us. The pool was super warm one night and freezing the next. There was no consistency. Will NOT return or recommend.

Nothing bad to say. It has always been a good location.

Stayed in a fair share of hotels. Never could hear every step from room above. These people were loud and up at 530.  One of two ice machines were broken. And I'm quite sure I was double charged and need to get that figured out. They do keep it clean

We went to 

Thornton to attend our daughters funeral. The Management and the staff were so compassionate and caring that it made our stay somewhat comfortable. We felt that everyone truly cared for us and what was going on in our lives. I can't find enough words to say that would express our thankfulness. 

 

 God Bless you and the staff!!!!

March 2024. The hotel is undergoing a renovation, so take that into consideration when booking after this date.
The fourth floor was under construction when I was there. They didn't start too early, so I wasn't disturbed.
Room was pretty quiet and using the hanger clip on the curtains helped to get the room darker. Slept well.
Room is in need of an update which is what they appear to be doing. It was clean but worn.
Shower worked but took a while to get warm.
Coffee maker, safe and refrigerator in the room.
Breakfast buffet was good. Had country gravy and biscuits the day I was there. Good flavor.
Easy parking but getting into the lot might be a little confusing.
Close to the freeway and a number of restaurants. Worked out well for me.
Enjoy!

Bit pricey compared to others I stay at - others in my party were staying here - Will shop others next time. Did notice the shower Rod was about to fall out of wall so we did as little as possible when touching it

This is a wonderful motel and a convenient location. The daily breakfast was above average.  They have a great pool, but it was constantly full of horseplaying teenagers who also drank beer in the hot tub and there is no monitoring by the hotel staff. Concerning pets: I was charged $50 a night for a 15 pound dog.  The website said standard fee, so I expected a much lower rate.

We arrived in the evening after being at a funeral for our Uncle during the day. Check in was easy. Host explained what was offered, such as the ice machine, pool and etc...The accomodations were great. Room was very clean,well kept and spacious. The Keurig coffee machine was a plus. Breakfast was really delicious. This is a class act ace to stay at.

Son and I enjoyed our stay here.  Will recommend to others if they are in the area.

Best bed and pillow!!! Clean! Breakfast is wonderful… overall 5 star

We showed up Feb 9th 24. We had reserved threw priceline 2 months in advance. Priceline dropped the ball and didn't get our room reserved. The lady at the front desk was absolutely amazing. She did everything she could to help us. Unfortunately we couldn't get a room due to being full but the customer care this lady provided will ensure we come back to holiday inn.

Had a hard time finding a reasonably priced IHG property in Denver on a recent cross country road trip. This one is on the north side and traffic getting there from I-76 was tough. The hotel is an older, kind of tired property, but decently maintained, clean and comfortable. Plenty of restaurants nearby. Breakfast room was as expected.

WORST EXPERIENCE EVER
I made this reservation because I needed a room in Thornton to make funeral arrangements after a recent death in the family. I lost my mother last week and it’s been the most devastating experience of my life. I’m having a difficult time coping with the grief but somehow I’m still managing to get up every day and function.
Anyway, I lost my wallet at the airport. So my license and debit cards are gone. I planned on staying with a family member but it was just too overwhelming so I called the hotel: I let them know that I don’t have my license or cards but I needed to check in with a pic of my ID and a temp DL from tx. They said that they would take it.
I booked online through a travel agency. Then I got and Uber to the hotel.
When I arrived they said that they would accept the paper ID along with the pic of my ID.. but if I don’t have my actual ID I need my physical debit card to check in……🙃
I didn’t complain. I just decided to come up with a solution.. instead I asked the front desk if I’m allowed to change the name on my reservation and have someone come in and use their name and card to check in and to instead list me as an occupant. She said that would be ok. I had my friend drive all the way from Longmont to use his card. He had personal stuff to wrap up so it took over 2.5hrs to get to the area and he had to RUSHthrough his plans to cater to ma and do me a favor by showing up with his license and card.
During the hotels shift change I guess there was some sort of miscommunication between the 2nd and third shift front desk employees. The employee I talked with told the next employee that I was not allowed to rent the room in my name. Didn’t mention why, didn’t say that we were going to edit the reservation into another name but for some reason the next employee was under the impression that I was not allowed to rent the room or was DNRd for some reason… so after my friend drives from Longmont.. the employee tells me I front of my friend and everyone around me in the lobby that I’m not allowed to rent there and because she thinks I’m on the DNR list.. she said it must be from some “drama that took place “ so basically I was publicly embarrassed when I came back to check in. My friend wasted time doing me a favor.. AND I HAD TO SLEEP IN MY CAR ON THE NIGHT BEFORE BURYING MY MOTHER!!! mind you… I did everything I was supposed to do, I double checked my Id situation before reserving the room. They didn’t tell me that I needed a physical card but I still managed to fix the issue that they caused to begin with but still couldn’t get a room.

They told me to contact the travel agency for a refund. This took place on Jan 22 I’ve called and sent an email every day since and still haven’t been able to get in contact with anyone and I still haven’t gotten a refund.

I called the Holliday inn customer service desk FOUR TIMES talked to an agent who apologized and promised to call back but nobody calls each time…

I called the hotel and talked to the employee working that day. She said “my manager said that he won’t refund you because you weren’t prepared “
And I was surprised because I called ahead of time
After talking that’s when we found out that the issue was a misunderstanding between the employees during shift change and she promised to text her manager. I said that I would be coming in the next day because I need a room. I wanted to use the night I paid for and an extra night for the inconvenience caused by the hotel. I thought reasonable.. caused emotional turmoiand gas and time frkm my friend who wasted his time.went back to the hotel today and asked if I could use my night plus the extra one I asked about again….. super reasonable. Turns out the employee I talked to the day before never made the reservation and they were sold out..when I expressed frustration the GM threatened to have me removed I explained that my mom died and this stress is hard to manage and he said “I don’t care, that’s not my problem. He said he won’t refund me either because he doesn’t have to and doesn’t want

I had a smooth stay, despite my first keycards not working. Overall, the hotel felt clean and polished. My room was tidy and had plenty of space. The provided toiletries were of high quality. Staff were polite and made me feel welcome.

Nice clean safe and located in a place that is easily accessible to a variety of restaurants close by

From starters, I was not greeted as member upon my arrival. They didn't ask me if I wanted the bonus points or the complimentary water; when I asked for 4 bottles of water I was charged. I had to raise my voice to talk with the clerk, since there where loud music in the lobby. The carpet from the reception to the room was extremely stained. The room was not clean as I expected. No hand soap, shower caps, shampoo or conditioner. The reservation was for 4 people, and there was only one set of towels in the room. All the Holiday Ins express have the same menu at breakfast and very often its quality is the same (Good); but in this hotel was terrible; being the same that all the other HI Express, how can it be so bad? A patron knocked the vase with plastic forks to the floor; and I saw one of the hostesses picking them up and putting them back into the vase; how could that be possible? We stayed there for several nights, and they didn't come to clean our room.

My wife stays here when she's has to go to Denver for work. She loves the staff and the rooms. Can't beat it for the price either.

The staff was able to add an extra night for our family due to a blizzard that shut down I-70. We are grateful that they were able to shift another family to a different room so we could keep ours and still met both of our needs. Thank you, Thornton, CO Holiday Inn Express and Suites!

Overall this was a great place to stay. We got a suite room and it was very spacious. The breakfast was good and had something everyone liked. Rooms and other parts of the hotel were very clean.

Only thing that wasn't great was the pool area. It was REALLY cold in there. Like literal icicles on the vent near the door. If you were in the pool or hot tub it was OK, but really cold if you were just watching others swim. The hot tub was more of a warm tub, and the jets were kind of wild.

Very nice staff, very welcoming and quick check in. Would definitely recommend this place to others. i will stay here again. Rooms were clean and beds were very comfortable. look forward to my next stay.

So we walk into the room and we're like oh this isn't bad for a Holiday inn. OH how wrong we were. Started off with the toilet doesn't flush clogged from the moment we walked in the room, so I took the top off the back of the toilet to maybe put a little more water than what it's regulated for, to if that will get it to flush and what do I see a broken meth pipe in the back of the toilet. So I call the front desk to get a plunger and tell them what's going on and they're like what we can't come into the room so we show her the picture she's like oh we'll have the manager come in in the morning and get it out. The manager never comes in the morning to get it out what a joke. After plunging the toilet it still doesn't flush properly and every time we go to the bathroom even pee it will not flush. The next day I go to take a shower and what do I find the ceiling fan doesn't work the shower curtains ripped and falling apart. In one of the hand towels has something red on looks like blood not sure what it is. We thought this was going to be a decent hotel because the reviews looked really good and it was reasonably priced that is not the case at all. Not going to be staying back there and if you do in room 106 check the back of the toilet for paraphernalia. UPDATE about a half hour after this review the general manager called us and apologized for everything had a meeting with his staff he said and said that this is unacceptable and he refunded one of our nights that we stayed there hopefully these problems resolved for future patrons of this establishment.

The staff were great and helpful. Make sure you test the coffee maker and fridge to make sure they all work correctly.

Clean hotel, right off I-25. Great breakfast.

Very convenient location for us to visit the nearby premium outlets. The staff here are fantastic. Breakfast was good. The room was clean and the beds comfortable, had a good night's sleep, the most important part of staying in accommodation.

Very friendly staff. Nice comfortable stay.

Nice clean rooms.  Quiet and fast friendly service.

My daughter and I traveled to Thornton for a water polo tournament and were happy with our stay at this hotel.  The front desk was very happy and helpful as we checked in despite the late hour she was very quick and friendly.  The breakfast was good with a variety of choices and enough protein to fill up before a day of games.  The team enjoyed swimming at the pool at night.  The adults would have enjoyed a few more chairs to watch the kids swim but it was a small space.

Room soundproofing was not good enough and I could hear noise from next room. If you could improve this, that will be great!

Clean rooms, friendly staff and great breakfast

Holiday Inn is a classic hotel to stay at. Very budget friendly and you get the service you pay for. Free breakfast is also a really solid bonus (why skip out on free breakfast right??)!!

The overall hotel experience was fantastic!  Would highly recommend!
The front desk was friendly and helpful (pre-registration check-in was seamless), my Queen Suite room was more than expected (clean and spacious), the front area was always being cleaned or looked/smelled clean.

We booked this hotel needing Park and Fly.   Great hotel.  Will use again is it was very convenient and the airport  shuttle was great.

Our room was ready on time. The hotel was very clean as was our room and bath. The desk and cleaning staff were very friendly and helpful.

Everything about my stay was perfect. Room, bathroom, beds and breakfast. Perfect for business trips.

One of the best hotels we stayed at. Friendly staff. Hotel was nice and clean. Breakfast was amazing and a lot of options

Relatively quiet location not too far from downtown or Ft.Collins. Front desk service is great and rooms are comfortable.

Got a very large room with three beds.  Clean and well kept, but too much like a dorm room to be comfortable.

Okay first off I’ve never had a hotel room with 3 queen size beds lol it was AWESOME! The hotel is nicer. They always had someone at the desk so that was nice and it was quiet and I didn’t have any problems with anything really it was a good hotel.

Overall the hotel is very nice. Carpeting on the 2nd floor was not very clean. Especially outside our door. Once inside the room, it was clean

The staff are very lovely, clean overall area.  They offer a delicious full hot breakfast. The rooms need better quality beds, both the bed sheets were stained, and I was provided new sheets for me to change. We had alot of spiders in our room and the ovetall look for the room was decent.

Good location. Nice room, but quite dark and all the lighting fixtures were not working. No charging ports for devices. None. Low water pressure in the shower. Ice machines only on 1st & 3rd floors, which is not an issue, but why isn’t there a sign at the elevator on the 3rd floor to point you in the right direction? There are three hallways to choose from. Small thing, I know, but these little things add up. Staff was polite but we had issues with housekeeping on the second day. All in all, we will choose a different hotel the next time we’re in the Denver area.

Good service. Rooms were a bit dingy but not terrible. Air had a bit of a musty smell. The ac in my friends room was broken but they gave us some fans to help. Breakfast was not bad. I think it's alright overall

The service is very good  but most of all Breakfast is always good

Our room and the property was very clean and the parking lot was very well-lit.

Stayed for four nights and it was clean and quiet with no fuss.

I attended a training at this hotel. I was glad to be able to stay at the same place my training was at. Thank you for providing a room block for this group. I hope to be able to return there next year for the second part of my class.

Nice clean hotel from greeting up to and including the room. Breakfast was ok but very limited on options (vegan options were very limited). Definitely a good value for the money with great service and cleanliness.

Very clean

friendly Front desk staff

Rooms are big

Microwave, refrigerator in room

Good location

nice convenient location. rooms are clean and comfortable. walking distance to several restaurants. nearby convenience store. everything was there that we needed.

I booked an accessible room with roll-in shower months in advance, confirmed it a week prior to traveling to Denver, arrived and was given an “upgrade” to 3 queens and a bathtub with a broken fold-down bench. I brought the wooden plank to the front desk and they placed a repair order for the next day. They called that morning saying they’d be there to fix it after 12:30pm. They never fixed it. I didn’t shower during my entire stay, other than a wet rag at the bathroom sink! The bed was hard as a rock, which is not healthy for any paraplegic because of poor circulation and pressure points. Appliances were broken in the breakfast area. There was an orange Camaro parked at the entrance during the entire stay. Made it difficult for unloading when we arrived. My brother and I overheard a confrontation with a guest there and the owner of the car saying it was okay for him to park there. He was rude about it. I was told by a front desk person that he was the general manager! Unprofessional!!

Great stay and a great location! We felt very welcomed during our stay we were helped primarily by Bre at the front desk and she was excellent, very friendly, knowledgeable, and had a great customer service! She really went the extra mile for all the customers in the lobby even though she was busy you couldn’t tell. Breakfast was also tasty though I wish they had offered bacon while we were there.

dirty hotel with extremely high incidents of car break ins that the   hotel nor cops give two effs about. also very rude front desk clerks that take joy in arguing back. not for me or my family.

What a excellent experience Marci at the front desk went above and beyond to make sure my hotel reservations and stay was the last of my worries highly recommend 😀

I normally don't write negative reviews. I totally understand things can go wrong and a property can't always be "outstanding". I'm leaving this review so others may know what could happen if they have an issue during their stay. When I made the reservation, I requested a room that hasn't had any pets in it. The manager sent me an email letting me know a note was placed on my reservation so I wouldn't be assigned a pet room. I thought that was awesome! We arrived late the night of our stay. When we entered our room, it was very warm. The room's AC unit was out of commission. To cut to the chase...I ended up with severe allergies and asthma, and the room stayed hot throughout the night because the PTAC (heating/cooling unit) didn't work. When I reported the issues to the frontdesk, I found out our room was a designated "pet room" and they knew the PTAC hadn't been working. Nothing was done to remediate the awful stay.

I lime this place clean n confortable excellent breakfast quiet rooms

Very clean, the breakfast had multiple options and everything was fresh and higher quality

Had a Dr appt there in one of the conference rooms. But the receptionist was very nice and the facility seemed too notch

The location was perfect for Denver and Cheyenne. The staff was very accommodating. The entire facility is very clean. The price was good. Breakfast was okay. Would have liked more fruit choices. It’s much the same each day.

cc forThe room was clean and spacious The bedding was nice we enjoyed our stay Safe neighborhood easy to find places for

We block-booked this hotel for a wedding and they were so accommodating and amazing to us and the wedding party.

When the a/c stopped working, they had people come in right away and even gave us a fan that made the room even colder for us <3

They gave us extra towels and treated us like VIPs. The cleaning staff was so kind and personable, and normally I dislike hotel breakfasts but this one was great!

There were so many restaurants around and maybe a 15-20 minute drive from downtown Denver!

A dog friendly hotel and just overall great for the price!

Decent place to stay near the waterpark. Need an ice machine on each floor.

We always stay at holiday inn and express and suites, because the quality and cleanliness is usually great. The front lobby and dining hall has been renovated, but the floor we were on has not, which is fine. I thought our stay was good till we were leaving after the second morning we noticed dried stained food on our sheets. I have never thought I needed to pulled back the sheets to see if they are clean or not. We slept in that for two nights! I was able to scrape off some of the food from the sheets! I didn't know if the front desk would do anything so I just let it be. We have never had issues before. Overall, it was a decent stay.

The beds were so nice and spacious. They were very well kept. I like how there was a firm and soft pillow provided with a label.

By far the worst place we have ever stayed in. We were here for 3 months due to working out of state and for the 3 months - a maid never stepped foot into our room. We had to wash our own linens, towels were non existent, toilet paper was non existent. Multiple times people had tried to enter the room in the middle of the night. One day we actually got robbed - the staff couldn’t give a damn. The homeless dictate the hotel and I’m not one to judge but the place is full of drug use and sketchy people around all day every day. Police are there constantly.

Shaik muneer

The room is pleasant, and all the staff are approachable especially jusmine shes very positive in all ways always ... kuddos to the management encourage them to be hospitable.

Special mention to ma'am Jusmine, "Friendly and attentive"

Thank you Ajara for your help

We stayed here for 7 nights
Had a good staying with big thanx to the great staff they have, especially thank you Angelica in the reception, and Rama in housekeeping.
Room was clean and had a nice view.

فندق جيد والخدمة جيدة وتعامل الموظفين راقي

The place is generally homey as staff do their best to fulfill your requirements
Front desk staff are exceptional
Mohamed Reda, Marcus, Mohamed Elbalshy, Kayan

I really enjoy the staying un holiday Inn express Jumeirah it was amazing 👏  the price was really nice and the staff hotel were friendly . I really recommend to book in this hotel you'll enjoy 😉 Markus and Jusmine were really amazing and nice wil come back for sure 😊

Old property but well maintained by IHG, heart of the city with Drydock / maritime view

Very nice stay with amazing staff very helpful and friendly thank you kayan for your assistance and cooperation we will come back soon |Food and rooms very good

Overall amazing stay with good stuff thanks kayan

Not so good experience at hotel.
Good for those who wants economic rooms.
Not having good experience with breakfast also, although they offer complementary breakfast, but it lakes variety. Only 1 receipe was there for vegetarian. On second day we had 2 options, so it's limited option hotel in breakfast.
Overall breakfast, I can judge below good.
Big issue is with bathroom 🚿. Very small bathrooms, can fit small size people only.
Problem is with management, they pretend corporate rooms for families, so it will never fit for families.
But bathroom size is common problem for any kind of room category.
Another issue is with parking, they offer basement parking, but the way to parking is very small, big cars can get easily scratch, one of my friends car vet scratch due to small space for way to park.
Hotel view is also not that much good.
They will give you basic things like bathroom things like brush, paste, shaving kit etc. on demand only & that also you have to collect from reception, it's not kept ready in rooms.
No tissue boxes kept in room, may be for cost optimization.

Almost a week with my wife we stay here in the hotel, and we are happy and satisfied with the staff service and breakfast. Jusmine help us everyday she gave us tea and serve very nice. Thank you

The hotel is very nice the food coffee and tea that serve to me and my husband. Jasmine is very nice assisting us every breakfast. Good staff nice hotel.

We had a very comfortable and pleasant stay at the HOLIDAY INN EXPRESS for nearly 11 days, and the overall experience was truly great. The staff were friendly, attentive, and always ready to help, which made our stay even more enjoyable.||A special mention to Ms. Jasmine, who was excellent at receiving guests at the buffet. She was warm, welcoming, and ensured everything was well managed. Also, Ms. Rama did a wonderful job with cleaning and housekeeping—her service was exceptional, and she maintained everything perfectly in our room daily. Worth every penny spent||Overall, it was a memorable stay with great service, good hospitality, and a very relaxing atmosphere. We would definitely recommend this hotel and look forward to visiting again.| #noisefreerooms #goodstay

Very bad hotel ,My stay at this hotel was extremely disappointing. The rooms had a strong moldy smell and felt very old and poorly maintained. The food was also terrible and not suitable for eating. Overall, it was a very bad experience, and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.

So sweet

I had a great stay with excellent service throughout. The staff were all very friendly, welcoming, and attentive to every need. A special mention to Muneer, the room attendant, who was incredibly helpful, honest, and went above and beyond to ensure everything was perfect. His professionalism and kindness really made a positive difference in my experience.

Super service from front office all the team amazing polite especially Kayan And Hesham
Good Stay

Excellent, I like to stay in future, nice staff and co operative with guests 
Thanks

Execellent customers service proving
Zain and Rajeev Hk and Rechal from FO

Jusmin pelayanan sangat bagus dan makanan enak sekali

Only for 1 night stay but absolutely great experience the service of the staff is great especially jusmine keep it up

I stayed at this hotel for about a month. The location is convenient, especially for Jumeirah, and getting around is easy. The staff were friendly and the cleanliness was good.

The breakfast was average. One issue was that although it’s supposed to be served until 10:30, they sometimes started clearing around 10:15, which felt a bit rushed even when the hotel wasn’t busy.

I initially stayed in an older connected room and experienced some noise, but after a few requests, they moved me to a renovated room, which was a big improvement.

Overall, a good stay with some room for improvement.

A Good comfortable stay.Would definitely recommend to others. Overall a nice cosy stay. Staff was very cooperative, Specially restaurant staff. Room are clean and tidy.

Stay comfort, 😊

I recently stayed at this hotel and overall had a good experience considering the price.||At first, my room was quite old, and there was noticeable noise coming from the neighboring room. After requesting a change a few times, they finally moved me to a renovated room, which made a big difference — the atmosphere there was much better and more comfortable.||The cleanliness was good, and one of the highlights is definitely the location, as it’s close to the beach.||Breakfast was supposed to be available until 10:30 AM, but on several occasions it was cleared earlier — even before 10:15 — which wasn’t ideal for someone like me who usually goes a bit later.||I also want to mention Jasmin from the staff — she was incredibly kind and friendly. I asked her a few times to help warm up my food, and she was always welcoming and helpful.||Overall, it’s a good hotel for the price and worth considering 👍

good hotel for family’s

Overall the service it was very good but the food they need to put more options |Housekeeping very helpful they are doing great job|Reception very friendly and helping especially Miss kayan and Hesham

Thank you kayan and hesham

👌 super service front office
Thank you kayan , hesham

The rooms is very clean up in check in |And the restaurant have delicious food|Front office team very helpful and friendly they are helping especially Miss kayan and Mr Hesham |Also the security is excellent

Thanks kayan and hesham for kind service

It was good experience...... Had a good time with staff and they are very helpful and so nice, greeting all the time when we see each other always happy face smiling. i stay almost one week with them there are like family to me now ️️

Highly quality service, all the staff are attentive and well groomed. Kuddos to Fnb line staff Ms Mary, Jusmine, Nicko, kaung shekinah, myint. Appreciate their help!.

Having a wonderful stay at Holiday inn here in Dubai!The service was truly excellent,and I would especially to comment Ms. Jusmine for her outstanding hospitality. She was very accommodating, attentive, and made sure everything was comfortable throughout my stay. Her professionalism and warm approach really made a difference. Highly recommended for anyone visiting Dubai!

I staying in this hotel before 1 month the service very good and the staff 👌 excellent front office escpillaly  kayan and ..
hesham
And jasmine from the restaurant
Security Amr is helpful

Good service kayan and hesham

The hotel is very nice the location near from our job
Thanks for your support kayan and heshm

Kayan from reception is helpful

Thank you very much for your help miss Kayan
The location is perfect

I would like to thank Miss kayan from reception for her assistance

The staff very friendly and helpful especially kayan and Jussmine
Super service

Thank you for your cooperation and assistance front office team
Kayan , hesham excellent

Food is good and the service also excellent
Thabk you kayan and hesham for your cooperation

Staff polite from reception especially kayan and hesham

The hotel is very quiet
The staff very friendly and helpful especially front office team Ms Kayan and Mr Hesham

The service in this hotel excellent
The are helping especially kayan and hesham

I appreciate the kind service from the staff front office team very helpful and polite escpially Miss Kayan and Mr hesham

I wish they could have repaired the wifi connection to their computers. They promissed IT coming with hardware but did not occur

High quality service, and very accommodating staff especially jusmine iskind and nice she help us all the way.

All goods jasmine

Very nice service all the staff, especially jusmine very accomodating and helpful. Hotel is highly recommended

Your staff jusmine was amazing very polite and she is very kind . She is highly recommended for the other high position And she was very beautiful ..

Worst one bed bugs are there sink leaking phone not connected you need to do it by yourself basic things in the room like slippers tissue nothing there breakfast Evan basic food like omelette nothing they will say no straight away not gonna visit again!!

Great hospitality by Miss Ajara. She is very coordinated and helpful.

Hotel staff very good they do cleaning everyday housekeeping members also good specially Ajara good hardworking

Thank you Ajara

Our stay at this hotel in Dubai was much more than a simple visit: it was an experience defined by kindness, attention, and genuine hospitality.

From the very first moment we felt that there was something special here. It is not only about comfort or services—although those are excellent—but about people. Every member of the hotel staff showed extraordinary care, professionalism, and attentiveness throughout our stay. I wish I could remember everyone’s name, because each person, with their smile and willingness to help, contributed to making this experience so enjoyable. Among the faces we will carry with us, I would especially like to thank Marie Anne, who welcomed us every morning at breakfast with sincere kindness and a radiant smile. It was she who enthusiastically introduced me to karak, the wonderfully aromatic spiced tea so beloved in the Emirates—such a small gesture, yet it became a truly special memory of our trip. A heartfelt thank you also to Jasmine at the restaurant, always attentive and gracious; to Kaung, always helpful and considerate; and to Laxman, who took great care in maintaining the floors and ensuring our room was always perfectly clean.

Our room was spacious, bright, and very comfortable, with a completely renovated and modern bathroom. Everything was spotless and thoughtfully designed for the comfort of guests. The Wi-Fi also worked perfectly, which is always greatly appreciated.

We had chosen the half-board option with breakfast and dinner, and it proved to be an excellent choice. Breakfast offered a perfect balance between sweet and savory options every morning, while dinner was always a pleasant discovery with a variety of dishes that changed each evening. A special mention must go to the desserts: every night they were simply delicious and the perfect way to end the day.

The hotel also offers a very convenient underground parking area, particularly useful for those traveling by car. We also appreciated the thoughtful service at the reception desk, where guests can receive complimentary towels if they wish to go to the beach—small details that reveal a genuine care for guests.

Our stay unexpectedly became longer due to flight cancellations related to the Middle East crisis. In what could have been a difficult situation, the hotel staff showed remarkable understanding and generosity: they allowed us to keep the same room and also helped us by reducing the cost of the additional nights. This gesture of kindness meant a great deal to us.

The hotel is also located in a very convenient area and offers a pleasant spa as well as a welcoming bar, perfect for relaxing after a day exploring the city.

There are hotels that simply provide good service.
And then there are places that truly make you feel welcome.

This hotel belongs to the second category.

We will not only remember the comfortable room, the delicious food, or the excellent services. Above all, we will remember the smiles, the kindness, and the feeling of having been genuinely cared for.

And that is what transforms a simple stay… into a memory that stays with you.

When we return to Dubai, we will not look for another hotel.
We will come back here.

Thanks for the superb customef service of Jusmine & Nicko at the Great Room Restaurant. But i wanted to raise a complaint about the iftar buffet we had last week as price shown in the ads for only AED55 & our bill costs for total of AED140 (for 2 pax).
Also, they have limited food served & which they were not able to refill deserts & fruit - it’s only watermelon. Overall - We are not satisfied for the costs of the buffet we’ve paid.

I will recommend for other people for stay here .then I will inform to them to review good way .over all very nice service . cleaning rooms and good way approach

Читая положительные отзывы про данный отель, ожидал какого-то подвоха, что не может быть все так хорошо и недорого. Но все-таки у меня остались только положительные впечатления. Так и не понял, почему у данного отеля 2*, хотя, по моему мнению, он ничем не отличается от 3-4*х отелей. Правда, на вывеске на входе нарисовано 3 звездочки.
Заселение произошло моментально, никто не дожидается 14:00. Пару минут и нам вручили ключи и показали в сторону лифта. Никто не провожал, но мы сами во всем разобрались. Русскоговорящего персонала в отеле нет, выручал только гугл-переводчик. Вай-фай бесплатный и ловит везде.
Номер стандартный просторный. В номере двуспальная кровать, диван, длинный стол, стул, ТВ, часы с радио и блютуз, сейф, холодильник, чайник, чашки. Пополнение чайного набора,  уборка номера (если нужно), смена белья и полотенец ежедневно. Сантехника рабочая, но как обычно пишут – «уставшая», были некоторые недостатки, но по просьбе быстро прибегали, и в силу своих возможностей, устраняли. Балконов нет, окна не открываются, кондер настроен на +23 и t не меняется. Еще не хватало небольшого столика у дивана для приема пищи.
Питание без изысков, скромное, но всегда всего хватает. У нас был только завтрак. В ресторане утром были овощи, сыры, кисломолочка, яйца, омлет, сосиски, что-то еще бобовое или картофельное, выпечка, чай, кофемашина, тостер и т.д. Из фруктов яблоки, бананы, апельсины, арбуз, грейпфрут.
Ближайший пляж Ля-Мер находится примерно в 2,2км, мы ходили пешком, занимало примерно 20-30 мин. Вся прилегающая инфраструктура закрыта на реконструкцию (мы так решили). Есть только душ, переодевалки, туалет. Ну само собой песок и море, плюс пальмы и старые лодки на берегу. Вода в море не очень понравилась, как будто затхлая, т.к. залив, нет открытого простора на море. Можно ездить на автобусе на другие пляжи, где веселее, шумнее и красивее.
Поблизости много разных супер- и гипермаркетов, различных ресторанов и кафе на любой вкус и кошелек.
Кстати, хочу отдельно выразить благодарность администрации отеля и туроператору Fun&Sun.  Дело в том, что мы оказались в Дубае во время конфликта с Ираном, и в период обстрела ОАЭ на несколько дней было закрыто небо для полетов, не летали самолеты. И нам на это время без проблем и бесплатно продлили проживание еще на 2 ночи.

Thank you for the good service by the hotel management especially the house keeping great work by the manager I will visit again soon...

Great location but the rooms need a bit renovation especially the carpets

I surely love this place. Right from the front desk, to the rooms then to the bar and restaurant. Keep it up my guy Shudip at the bar and then Ajara at housekeeping. This has been my 6th visit to this Hotel and I can tell you it’s still the best. The location, no hustle to get a taxi to wherever you want any time. Making stay in Dubai so memorable.

Отличный отель за свою цену: большие номера, разнообразный завтрак + есть кофемашина, ежедневная, качественная уборка, очень доброжелательный персонал. В номере есть чайник и холодильник. В 10 минутах гипермаркет и вкусное, недорогое кафе Grill. Рекомендую, нам было комфортно здесь 👍

Good location,good price/value, friendly staff. Flexible staff in restaurant when asking for gluten-free and lactose-free food option.

Огромная благодарность всему персоналу отеля за прекрасный отдых! Мы чувствовали себя как дома. Особое спасибо за чистоту в номерах и дружелюбную атмосферу на ресепшн. Весь персонал внимательный и профессиональный. Хочу выразить отдельную сердечную признательность сотруднице ресторана Жасмин, за её доброту и внимание,можно к ней обратиться с любым вопросом, всегда подскажет, поможет, улыбчивая, отзывчивая, заботливая , прекрасная девушка !!!

AJARA is very kind and helpful

I have stayed at the holiday in express,  easy to get to & taxi service  from airport was excellent.  The accommodation was clean, excellent services and the hotel staff was very helpful with dietary requirements,  Jusmine was especially attentitive to needs  she even supported us with taking hot water for us to our room when needed. She also helped with directions & places to visit.
Will certainly tevisit.

I had a very pleasant and comfortable stay at the hotel. The rooms were clean, well organized, and properly maintained. The overall service was professional and welcoming.
I would like to give special appreciation to Ali from the housekeeping department for his excellent work, dedication, and polite attitude. His attention to detail made my stay even more comfortable.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
I had a comfortable stay at Holiday Inn Express Jumeirah. The hotel was clean and well maintained. Special thanks to the housekeeping staff member Ali for his professional, polite, and efficient service. Overall, a pleasant experience.

We had a wonderful stay at Holiday Inn Express Jumeirah with our toddler. The hotel was clean, well-maintained, and conveniently located close to La Mer Beach. We opted for the breakfast package, and the food options were good and well-prepared. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous, and the housekeeping team was very attentive throughout our stay.

Despite visiting during Ramadan, everything was smooth and comfortable, even with a little one. There are plenty of restaurants and a mini mart within walking distance, making it very convenient.

Overall, a great experience—5/5 for the hotel and its amazing staff.

Good service and friendly staff specially to my room attendant shierryll..this hotel is higly recommend to others..tnx

Hotel is good specially the Staff of Housekeeping Shieryll and Ajara very attentive ang pleasant.Keep it up

Good for a short stay at Dubai since it’s conveniently located close to the business district with plenty of shops nearby. It is about 20mins from the airport depending on the traffic and 15 minutes from the Dubai mall. Rooms are cozy and convenient though maintenance can be better. The staff is super efficient and pleasant. In house breakfast and dinner where food variety is limited but the food is hygienic. Non availability of parking is an issue.

Rooms are ok , service below par and breakfast is below par. Location is good

Un poco descuido en limpieza, permiten fumar afuera, pero, una gran cantidad de humo 🚬  se mete a las habitaciones de los  primeros pisos

overall it was a great experience,it's not my first time and will never be the last time to vist and stay in this extraordinary place, id like to thank all the great staff

Excellent Hotel and staff good hospitality and good service

A very small room with old shower that is leaking. Two of the lights did not work and made the room dark. The elevator to 1st floor dis not work so we could not use the gym. Not a good experience at all.

Jusmine is really good girl, nice hotel, food and room

I appreciate for the everything that I have seen there the property the staff the welcome of reciption the housekeeping team every thing is perfect as per the standard

I loved our stay here for 4 nights. Rooms were spacious and clean with all amenities. Breakfast menu also changed everyday. We had a wonderful stay. Staff were always smiling and friendly

617 my room no. Mr. Hari was very friendly and gave very good service thanks for the service

Loved everything in this hotel and the stay so extremely amazing

👏 👏 👏 Outstanding customer service! Marcus Mars and Amar from security greet customers with a friendly smile and attentively address their needs.

Kudos to the entire team  🏆

The hotel is good with good amenities and spacious rooms and good breakfast

The rooms are a bit small and tight, but the service more than makes up for it. The staff are incredibly kind and welcoming. A special shoutout to Ajara from housekeeping — she was amazing. Our room was always cleaned efficiently, fresh water bottles were consistently restocked, and even on days when we were late leaving the room, housekeeping still made sure everything was taken care of. Overall, the staff truly made the stay comfortable and enjoyable.

Muy buen hotel, ubicado en zona limpia y tranquila , calle con mucho tráfico, cerca de lugares para comer y hacer compras, la habitación de buen tamaño y muy limpia, el desayuno incluido, con buenas opciones para iniciar el día, el hotel tiene transporte gratuito a la playa, al mall de Dubai y al Outlet, debo destacar la amabilidad y gran servicio de todo el personal. Excelente lugar para hospedarse en Dubai a buen precio y no tan lejos de las atracciones principales .

Good Ambiance
the housekeeping is good Shieryll
Very Clean

I selected hotel mainly because of it was close the the attractions I wanted to go and it is a brand I am familiar with. Then I had a question and called from overseas they replied me and was very helpful so I decided to book with them and I am glad that I did.
Staff is very Curtis and they make you feel home.

good service and good housekeeping sevrice, nive location and good ambiance

You get what you pay for. Glocked sewer in shower where water control is also broken. Maybe logic is that if you cant get decent shower, you dont need working sewer for the water either. One towel for two persons. Service for 2nd towel takes ages. Hope they offer early check out. Al mina is not jumeirah so also name (location) of the hotel misleading

I'm not happy with the stay ,we are calling five time but they not delivered it our request

Номера старые, расположение не очень. Розетки в номере не работают, работники сказали, что проблемы в моем адаптере, а не в розетках, а предоставить адаптеры для всех жителей номера они отказались

They have best rates and offers and very friendly staff …and very attentive staff as well we were happy to experience it … the breakfast went well the food was excellent hope to come again thank you from the housekeeping to the management

Mr. Vijay house keeping manager

Amazing service everything special Thank you house keeping Department food Also nice

Mr. Vijay housekeeping  manager

housekeeping is best

I would like to express my appreciation for the housekeeping staff on the 3rd floor.
Although I do not know her name, she was very kind, friendly, and always smiling.
Even though she seemed very busy, she still had a warm attitude and made us feel comfortable and welcome.
Her positive energy truly made a difference during our stay.

The company is great, and the staff are excellent. I highly recommend this place to all my friends and will definitely visit again. Thank you!

Thanks kayan and hesham

Super service from kayan and hesham

Lovely is doing great

Thanks kayan,  hesham and aqib kind service

Amazing hotel , the staff was very helpful especially the receptionist called Angelica she was not only professional but also adorable 🌹

Merci kayan for your help and hesham

Thank you Miss kayan and hesham

I would like to thank kayan and hesham from front desk

Thanks you kayan and Hesham always help🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰

Prompt and fast service. Room are cleaned. Good room staff service and very friendly and smiling staff in the restaurant. Food is good but can be improve and more options, arabic breakfast should be add.

Thanks for Hesham and kayan🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰

Dear owner

I've been trying to find out a simple question without success via email / make a booking .would have loved to stay at your hotel but this communication prior to booking is making me doubt it.hope we can fix this

В целом за не совсем большие деньги - нормально! Чисто, уютно, убирались каждый день, но розеток и адаптеров электро питания не хватало. Питание HB среднее, но высокой кухни и не ожидали :) Зато напитки и соки на ужин бесплатные и неплохого качества
В целом переночевать пару ночей можно замечательно.

I’m staying at this hotel for a quiet long and overall the experience has been fine. However, the gym equipment is not working properly. Some machines are either malfunctioning or not usable, which makes it difficult to work out. I hope the management can look into this and improve the gym facilities.

I would like to sincerely appreciate Lovely Singh for her outstanding service. She was extremely kind, professional, and very prompt in her responses. She handled everything efficiently and made the entire process smooth and stress-free. It’s rare to come across someone so helpful and courteous. Truly a pleasure to deal with her—highly recommended!

The front recption employee are very professional. They finis the process of check in very fast specially KAYAN lady. She is amazing. Very helpfual and pretty. The hotel is nice.

Lovely and kayan

Kind service kayan and hesham

Lovely nd kayan doing fabulous job in reception

Kayan and hesham very good

Kayan and hesham lovely great staff

Lovely and kayan and hesham

Kayan lovely and hesham are the best

Lovely was doing great
Kayan is very helpful

I have been staying at Holiday Inn Express properties for years—mainly in Canada and occasionally in Europe. As a frequent business traveler, even though I’m a Hilton Honors member, I’ve always preferred IHG, especially Holiday Inn Express, because the experience has consistently been excellent. Unfortunately, my recent stay in the UAE has been the complete opposite. This has been, by far, the worst Holiday Inn Express experience I’ve ever had.
This trip was meant to be a vacation, and the hotel genuinely affected our enjoyment. As an IHG member, I feel responsible to share honest feedback so that one poor location does not damage the reputation of a brand I’ve trusted for years.
The issues began immediately. The bathroom was untidy, and the shower enclosure was poorly sealed, causing water to flood the floor every time we used it. Despite having a large number of staff, they were difficult to reach and extremely slow to respond. Our TV remote was missing, and when I called reception, no one answered. I eventually went downstairs and found two staff members free, yet no one had responded to my call.
Housekeeping answered the first time I called, but when I tried again just ten minutes later, they stopped responding entirely. I even approached a staff member in the lobby who promised to come to my room within five minutes, but he never showed up.
Another serious concern was safety. When I tried to open the curtains for sunlight, the entire curtain rail fell and hit my son on the head. The crockery provided was also chipped, which is unacceptable and unsafe.
On the first day, our room telephone wasn’t working. I informed reception, and they assured me someone would come to fix it, but no one ever did. We eventually had to fix the wire ourselves. The only positive aspect was that they honored a late checkout, which is standard policy.
I am sharing this feedback not out of bad intention, but out of genuine concern and hope that the hotel improves. IHG has always been my preferred brand, and I want to ensure that one poorly managed property does not reflect negatively on the entire chain.

Thanks kayan and hesham

Thanks for Hesham and Kayan and lovely all we're the best

Thanks for Hesham and Kayan🫠🫠🫠🫠

Thanks Hesham and Kayan🥰🥰🥰🥰

из плюсов персонал, еда, но! если завтрак/ужин,|минусы их много..|в первые дни персонал не сообщил о автобусе, сказали есть только такси (симки не было, вызвать не получалось), и мы шли купить карточки в метро с коляской, два часа до станции, пока муж через несколько дней не увидел тот самый автобус, который вывозит из этой дыры, карты не все верные о расположении отеля..,|розетка одна у зеркала, номер без балкона и окно не открывается это жесть!!!!!!!!!!! без полок в шкафу, нет полок вообще, пару вешалок, ложить только на дно, сейф есть. |сушилки стиралки нет, белье вешать не где и натянуть веревку не где, да и бесполезно, такая влажность, спишь на мокром, окно запотевает, после уборки все тоже мокрое не просушенное|На тепло кондиционер не включается, все старое|диван развалюха, скрипит, как раскладушка получается, в ванне плесень и течёт раковина, душевая кабинка не работают двери, не регулируется в душе вода и не переключается на кран, раковина течёт в ноги снизу. Запах сырости и плесени. Везде ковры, и не выносимый запах парфюма отеля, каждый день запах обновляют. Месторасположение ужасное, до метро час, до остановки автобусов 25 мин. В отзывах ниже прекрасное расположение пишут….это не правда|живут только индусы, несколько русских и темнокожие все

Excellent staff. Very helpful and courteous staff especially Ajara. The front desk staff too.

Thank you angelica, balshy, marskie

Great place to stay lovely and kayak are doing great job

Lovely and kayan from frontdesk

Horrible sized room, no options at breakfast, poor location, at least half the staff and managers are not friendly whatsoever

Very good

Lovely and kayan from front desk

Lovely and kayan was very helpful

Lovely and kayan from front desk doing good job

Rooms were quite big compared to other Holiday inn, we had great stay.
Pretty decent complimentary breakfast and their staff were polite and really helpful.
This hotel is situated in city limits and have good reach of taxi and other facility.

Lovely and kayan from reception was great

Hotel neodporúčam je tu vlhkosť, stuchnuty zapach, kúpeľne staré zanedbané. Vybavenie izby jednoduché priestorovo stiestnene,klimatizacia hlučná,cirkulacia vzduchu žiadna okná sa nedajú otvorit vôbec.

Lovely was doing great

Lovely and kayan is great in reception

I would like to thank miss kayan

Kayan good service

Amazing hotel nice view sea and close to beach
Staff is nice especially kayan

Thanks Hesham and kayak and elbalahy♡♡♡♡

Great stay hosted by great staff. Very helpful staff from checkin to checkout

I appreciate your assistance Miss kayan really it's good stay in this hotel location is fantastic and also the room is clean and lovely

Had a lovely stay with friends. Kudos to you Angelica and Kayan for the superb service.

Had a great experience with our stay, thanks to the assistance of Ms. Angelica and Kayan.

Great place room is clean and friendly staff shout out to angelica and kayan at FO

Thank you angelica and kayan for great service

Kayan from reception goodddddddd

Super service ms.kayan from front office

Thank you kayan for your assistance and cooperation very nice service

Great place veey kind staffs
Special Thanks to Elbalshy and Lovely
They are doing great job

Thank you Angelica for everything

Kayan and hesham very supportive and helpful
Angel also

Ms.kayan from reception very support

Miss kayan helpful

Thank youuu kayan good service

I appreciate your service kayan very helpful and friendly

Kayan is super

Great experience
The staff were professional, friendly, and helpful, and the room was clean and well maintained. Specially, housekeeping I’m Thankful to Vijay and his team to good take care of my room.

The hotel is very clean and comfortable, and the staff are extremely friendly. Special thanks to Hisham for his great support and kindness. I really enjoyed my stay

Hotel is very nice..location also everything is good...housekeeping doing good job.they making my stay very comfortable.

Lovely was doing great job

Fijn hotel, heel erg genoten lekker ontbijten, schone kamers en dichtbij veel gelegenheden. Aanrader als je voor een goede prijs (3 sterren hotel) hier wilt verblijven. Met complimenten aan Kayan voor de goede service.

Staff veel helpful we enjoyed
Thans you kayan

Kayan is friendly

Reference to my friends,to stay in our property and regarding staff kindness and staff approach way everything.team is very nice .very humble staff I like to stay over all here then I will inform to my company staff also

I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The staff were welcoming, and the food was great. Special thanks to waiter Kaung for his excellent service—he was attentive, respectful, and always ready to help. He truly represents the hotel well.

I had breakfast at the buffet and it was a pleasant experience. The food was fresh and well organized.

Special thanks to Kaung, the waiter, who provided excellent service. He was polite, attentive, and very helpful throughout the breakfast. His friendly attitude made the experience even better.

Overall, great service and a comfortable atmosphere. Highly recommended.

Angelica, Jane, embassy no.1

Thank you miss kayan

Ik had problemen door haar ben ik geholpen om problemen oplossen.
Kayan

I woud like to thank kayan she helpen our group she is good and friendly thans you for your support

Kayan helped us during our stay we are group the staff very helpful and good smile

The Staff very helpful especially kayan from reception
Thank you for your assistance

Lovely and Markus very helpful in reception
Thanks to both of them 😊

Lovely and angel was great

Thank you for  staffs and I will come back and highly recommend

Angel and Lovely in front desk were fabulous

Thank you for your help and assistance Markus, Angelica and Jane. See you again next time!

It was a great staying services and locationWas perfect for me i recommend to everyone

Nice experience and i preferr to my family and frnds also. And really appreciate the hotel team  . Breakfast also very nice. I get wonderful experience

Our stay was unfortunately disappointing due to several serious maintenance and cleanliness issues across three rooms.

The 1st room
The sliding glass door of the shower was extremely stiff and difficult to move. One side nearly came off and almost fell on our friend, fortunately, she managed to hold it in time. The bathroom mirror had noticeable writing/scratch marks that became clearly visible when steam formed during hot showers. This was quite scary to experience while showering, and it was obvious that the mirror had not been properly cleaned from previous guests.

When we reported this issue at the front desk, the male staff member who received our complaint responded with a very unprofessional, insincere attitude and tone. Although our friend was later moved to another room, the new room also had a broken shower head holder. By then, she was already too exhausted to request another room change.

The 2nd room
The lighting in our room was very dim, as if the bulbs were about to fail, making the room uncomfortably dark. The pillows were placed upside down (clearly visible from the printed text). The sliding bathroom door was also damaged and barely functional, almost falling off the track.

The hair dryer only worked for about 5 minutes before completely shutting down on its own every time. Additionally, throughout our entire stay, both morning and evening, only extremely hot water was available, cold and warm water did not work at all, even after maintenance staff came to check. The problem always returned afterward.

The 3rd room
one of the electrical outlets was pulled out of the wall and clearly unsafe to use.

Overall
The hallway carpet had a very unpleasant odor, and the overall condition of the room felt old, worn out, and poorly maintained.

Positive note
We would like to sincerely compliment the front desk staff who worked the night shift on December 6th. We approached him regarding a late check-out charge detail due to our tour schedule, and he handled our request with kindness, understanding, and professionalism. This was the only truly positive experience during our stay.

Overall, we were extremely disappointed with the room conditions, safety concerns, cleanliness, and maintenance standards. We sincerely hope management takes this feedback seriously for future improvements.

Thanks kayan for your cooperation

Angelica, jane, elbalhsy

Maja hotel

I really enjoyed my stay. Thank you for your assistance Angelica, Jane, and Elbalshy i will surely be back

very clean and neat room house keeping cleaning is very nice talking like a friendly i enjoy to to stay this hotel i will come back again than you

Angelica, jane, lovely and Elbalshy thank you for all your assistance

Lovely, Angel, Jane was fabulous in reception

Thank you for your assistance and help Angelica, Lovely, Jane and Elbalshy

Thank you Angelica, Jane and Elbalshy it was a nice stay

Thank you for your help my kabayan Angelica, jane and Manager elbalshy

Thank you yehya for your service

It was a great vacation and thnx yehia for ur serves ❤️

Mr.laxman

Angel, jane , Elbalshy ,,

Thank you it was a nice stay, Angelica, Jane and Elbalshy so nice

A wonderful hotel with a great location and great services
The hospitality and service was amazing
Thank you for your wonderful hospitality yehya Hassan!

Thnx yehya for your excellent service 🇦🇪✨

service of the staff—especially the security team. A special thanks to yehya hassan for their warm welcome, friendly conversations, and professional support throughout my stay.
From the moment I arrived, I was greeted with genuine smiles and helpful attitudes. Mudassir went above assisting me with my luggage, which I truly appreciated. It's rare to find such courteous and attentive staff who make you feel at home.

Thank you yehya for your service

Great ace to be

The stay was amazing, and thanks to Yahya for his services and efforts.

Thanks yhya for your service
It's very helpful and friendly

Thank you for your service yehyaa

Yehia guys a white boy with tattoos that boy is awesome thanks man for the hospitality

Mohamed Elbalshy

Mohmed elbalshy

Mohamed Elbalshy

Mohamed Elbalshy

I just stayed for 2 nights but it's made me feel am still in home
Thank you team for all support  , good cleaned rooms good food friendly staff  specially Lovely

Thank you 😊

Thank you for your cooperation Kayan and Hesham

Truly excellent service from the team especially Kayan and Hesham

The team in reception very polite and caring about the guest
Kayan and Hesham

Kayan welcomed and supported
And Hesham professional

Staff members very supportive Kayan and Hesham
Rooms veryyyy clean and comfortable
Breakfast is limited but good

Kayan from reception and Mr hesham doing well thanks for the cooperation

Amazing staff
wooow super service in reception very quickly
hesham helped us during our stay and kayan

Wonderful hotel break fast is very delicious I liked the service also
Housekeeping helping too much
Kayan and Hesham ✅

I appreciate all the helping for the front office staff Kayan hesham

The staff very supportive
Kayan hesham

Excellent service Kayan Hesham

“My stay at Holiday Inn Express was fantastic! The room service was excellent, and the breakfast was delicious. Overall, the experience was great. Special thanks to Mr. Omar and Mr. Balshi for their wonderful hospitality

Mohamad elbalshy

Thank you so much in all  service in hotel  holiday in express thank you for lovely Singh

The staff is amazing 🤩 Thank you Kayan and Hesham

I appreciate your assistance Kayan and Hesham

Mohamed elbalshy thank you my bro good service and good man🥰❤️

Mohamed elbalshy good hotel and excellent location

Kayan Hesham from front office good 👍

Kayan and Hesham doing good job

Hotel is amazing and service is good
Kayan and Mr hesham very helpful

Thank you so much kayan and hesham for your assistance

Super service from front office guys especially kayan and hesham

Excellent service kayan and hesham

Recently stayed at your hotel with my wife, and we had a truly wonderful experience, especially because this was our first time visiting this city and also our first trip outside our country. Naturally, we were quite nervous, but the hospitality we received made us feel completely at home.
I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation for Ms. Lovely Singh at the reception. From the moment we checked in until the moment we checked out, she assisted us with exceptional professionalism and genuine warmth. She not only made us feel comfortable but also guided us with valuable information about the city and nearby places, which was extremely helpful for first-time visitors like us.
We called the reception multiple times with questions, and every single time, Ms. Lovely Singh responded with patience, kindness, and a smile. Not once did she make us feel like we were disturbing her. Her dedication and attitude truly enhanced our stay.
I also want to thank the rest of the hotel staff for their excellent service and support.
If we visit this city again, we would definitely choose to stay here once more.
Thank you for taking such good care of us. Please keep up the great work ❤️

Lovely was incredibly welcoming and professional. She made the check-in process smooth and ensured all my needs were taken care of. Excellent service

Lovely was great helpful in front desk

Lovely was very helpful great services by FOH team

Lovely Singh was great at reception

Mohamed Elbalshy
هذا الفندق رائع للغاية اثناء زيارتى كانت الغرف نظيفة  وطاقم العمل ممتاز للغايةوالخدمة عالية

Mohamed Elbalshy
كانت تجربتى رائعه للغاية اذكر زيارتى لهذا الفندق أنه كان هادئ وبالإضافة إلى طاقم العمل كان ودودا للغاية

mohamed elbalshy

Mohammed Elbalshy

Mohammed Elbalshy

Mohamed Elbalshy good hotel and excellents Rooms🤍

Mohamed Elbalshy

Very good 👍 👏 👌 😀 ☺️ 🙌 👍 👏 👌 😀 ☺️

WiFi is below expecting. Does not connect and drips all the time. Reported many times but no action was taken. When you travel for work this is not a good choice

Mr. Laxman& vijay

Rooms very good rooms cleaning also very good I will come back again special thanks for jobin from house keeping

Very neat and clean hotel and an exceptional housekeeping and many thanks to mr Jovin and Jeevana

mr.laxnan

Mr.laxman

Mr.laxman

This Holiday Inn express has terrific staff very knowledgeable and a very commodious three star experience with tremendous value right across the street from the world class shipyards of Dubai. I found the staff to be very well informed and very friendly. The room was terrific. The housekeeping was great and everybody helped. It’s midway between museum Museum of the future and Dura so if you know Dubai, that’s an advantageous place to be.  everybody helped. It’s midway between Museum of the future and Dura so if you know Dubai, that’s an advantageous place to be for many activities. I highly recommend if you’re looking for a Dubai experience without spending $400 a day on your hotel room.

I had a wonderful experience at the hotel, made even better by the outstanding service of the staff—especially the security team. A special thanks to Mudassir, Hesham, Kayan, and Angelica for their warm welcome, friendly conversations, and professional support throughout my stay.

From the moment I arrived, I was greeted with genuine smiles and helpful attitudes. Mudassir went above assisting me with my luggage, which I truly appreciated. It's rare to find such courteous and attentive staff who make you feel at home.

Thank you for making my stay comfortable and memorable. Exceptional service like this deserves recognition!

Mr.laxman

Clean rooms and nice space

Thank you for your help Angelica and Kayan. All the best

Housekeeping person Laxman was perfect and keeping the room as new.

Mr.laxman

Excellent hospitality by Lakshman

had such a wonderful stay at  The staff whose cleaning our room were super friendly and always ready to help. The room was spotless, cozy, and had everything I needed. Breakfast was delicious with lots of choices, and the location was perfect — Definitely coming back soon! 💖”

House keeping service rama best service

The hotel very nice spically the lady room attendent Ms,Rama doing great job thank you,coming soon agin

Thanks Shieryll for keeping our room clean. Your service is really commendable.

Я был очень приятно удивлен тем, какой прекрасный уровень обслуживания нам здесь предложили. Для «трешки» - это просто супер! Сами номера - чистые, комфортные, есть абсолютно все для того, чтобы нормально пожить. Отдельная благодарность - персоналу! Они всегда готовы помочь, создают теплую и дружелюбную атмосферу. А еще, огромный плюс – нас заселили раньше без всяких проблем! Это реально спасло. Смело рекомендую этот отель всем, кто ищет отличное соотношение цены и качества. Наш номер на первом этаже оказался на удивление просторным. Кровать удобнейшая, а хрустящее, белоснежное белье сделало отдых по-настоящему комфортным. В номере был полный набор для чая/кофе и, что важно, питьевая вода. Ванная комната поражает своими размерами! Правда, немного расстроило отсутствие стеклянной перегородки в душевой, но это мелочи. Уборка ежедневная, поддерживается идеальная чистота. А звукоизоляция здесь просто превосходная, можно было по-настоящему расслабиться и выспаться. Да, окна не открываются, но это, как я понял, особенность многих отелей в ОАЭ. В целом, впечатление от номера осталось исключительно положительным! Завтраки в отеле нас очень порадовали - они были действительно сытными и разнообразными. Был стандартный набор, как везде (разные каши, яйца в разных видах, сосиски, овощи), но его отлично дополнили местными вкусностями (деликатесами). И что круто - персонал прямо моментально все пополнял, поэтому еда всегда была свежей и в наличии. Я был в восторге от свежих фруктов! Были арбузы, бананы, яблоки, и, конечно, финики. На обед и ужин мы обычно ходили в одно проверенное место - кафе "Волга Стар" на улице 2 Декабря. От отеля идти совсем близко, метров 800, наверное. Меню там просто огромное, можно найти что угодно на любой вкус. Мне особенно запомнились их креветки и рыба, которую подавали прямо на сковороде - это было невероятно вкусно! Порции реально большие, и что самое главное - цены адекватные. Особенно если сравнивать с тем, что берут в кафешках в центре или на Дубай Марина. Рекомендую! Пляж Ля Мер оказался удобно расположенным - мы доходили до него буквально за 20 минут неспешным шагом от отеля. Сам пляж чистенький, ухоженный, с хорошей инфраструктурой. Сразу скажу, если сравнивать с пляжами в Рас-аль-Хайме (там мы были раньше), то они нас впечатлили, пожалуй, чуть больше. Но, если вы ищете место, чтобы нормально отдохнуть, не отъезжая далеко от своего дубайского отеля, Ля Мер - отличный вариант. В эту поездку мы решили сменить обстановку и вместо привычного пляжного отеля выбрали городской в Дубае. И ни капли не пожалели! Мы не просто валялись на пляже, а посетили кучу классных мест: брали обзорку по Дубаю, сходили в Музей Будущего (это просто восторг!) и даже съездили в Абу-Даби. Все эти экскурсии мы брали у ребят из topdubai online. Найти их сайт по названию в интернете не составит труда. За четыре года наших поездок по Эмиратам, могу сказать, что этот отпуск был самым-самым насыщенным. После довольно спокойного отдыха в Шардже и Рас-аль-Хайме, Дубай своей динамикой и разнообразием нас прямо приятно удивил!

Thanks kayan and hesham

Kayan and hesham very professional and helpful thanks

Thank you omar

Amazing hotel thank you omar

I stayed at this hotel for seven days at the beginning of October 2025. The room and staff were all good. BUT: I booked a massage in the spa area. The spa area is presumably a separate company. I booked one hour for 300 AED. Upon entering the room, I was told to undress as usual and put on a plastic short. After 20 minutes of the massage, she opened the plastic short. I had a very strange feeling. She told me to turn around. Suddenly, she had my genitals in her hand. She moaned in my ear and tried to sell me sex for 2500 AED. She pressured me to go to the bank and leave my phone as collateral. I was very overwhelmed and refused several times, saying I would think about it so I could get out of the room. She then asked for a 300 AED tip. I gave her the 300 AED to get out quickly. The hotel probably knows nothing about this, as such things are illegal and punishable in Dubai. I didn't inform the hotel because my English isn't very good, and the masseuse would probably have presented it differently. They don't want any trouble with the police in Dubai for a sexual act. Presumably, the masseuse does this quite often. The experience in the spa area was very disturbing, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

Kayan and Angelica Very professional and friendly from front office thanks for the amazing service

Mr laxman

Perfect stay for business trips, great hospitality and professional staff. kayan & Angelica are the best!

Ajara from the housekeeping team also was really helpful.

Бюджетный очень но чистый с хорошим персоналом , рядом пляж ля мер , но пляж заброшен, мы ходили на него идти 30 минут. Завтраки скромные но вкусные все свежее.. Есть желание туда вернуться .

Ps брали из за близости пляжа, но ля мер заброшен купаться можно , но без удовольствия

Thanks for Hesham🥰🥰🥰🥰

Thank you for your service and support kayan

Thanks kayan and hesham for the good hospitality

It's good experience in this hotel
Staff very friendly kayan and hesham

Everything here is amazing I loved this hotel
Thank you omar

Thank you Mr.laxman

We had a great time , excellent service

Thanks Kayan , Hesham , Angelica and omar
They are very helpful and friendly

Thank you Omar and hesham and kayan and mark

it was good experience
thank you miss kayan and Hesham from reception
security Omar very helpful

It was nice stay in this hotel
Thanks kayan for your kind service
We enjoyed

All staff is very professional and helpful especially in reception Kayan
Thank youuuuu

Thank you Omar and hesham

It was good experience i liked too much thank you kayan for your cooperation and support

All stuff here is very good thank you Omar and hesham and angelica

Everything here is amazing thank you Omar and hesham and angelica

Thank you holiday inn express jumairah thank you Omar and hesham and angelica

Thank you kayan for your assistance

It's amazing service from all staff especially in reception Miss Kayan and Breakfast was nice and very tasty, the room when we checked in was very clean we will come again and again thank you so much for your cooperation

i would like to thank miss kayan about her  services and good attention she helped us too much during our stay
the price also is good

i stayed in the hotel is very nice and clean and very near from my work and also breakfast is good,  all staff very helpful and friendly in reception especially kayan
we really appreciate your good service

Kayan from reception helped us during our stay , the room is clean and breakfast is delicious, good staff

It's amazing stay and good Mannar from the reception team especially kayan
Thanks

I liked everything here all stuff here is amazing thank you Omar and hesham

I loved this hotel thank you Omar and hesham and angelica

This hotel is very amazing thank you Omar and hesham and Angelica

Amazing staff and good service thank you so much kayan from reception

Amazing staff and very helpful start from check in very fast with kayan thank you for your support
Breakfast and rooms very good 💯

Rooms it's good and breakfast amazing
Staff very helpful and friendly especially Kayan from reception
Thak you for your assistance and cooperation

Thank holiday inn express Jumeirah thank you all stuff thank you Omar and hesham

Everything here is amazing thank you Omar and hesham

Thank you omar and hesham

Thank you Omar and hesham and angelica

Amazing staff omar  amazing location amazing services

The hotel is clean, the amenities are great, and the breakfast was delicious. The staff went above and beyond to make our stay perfect. Highly recommend!

Thanks all front office team(Mr. Balshy, angelica, hesham,markus and kayan).all front desk was very cooperative.
Highly recommend!!!!!

Had a great stay! The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was delicious every morning, and housekeeping kept everything clean and tidy. Special thanks to Security Officer Mudassir – he was so kind and polite, and really helped us during our stay. I truly appreciate him. Thank you!

Thank you Omar and Kayan and hesham and Angelica

Had a great stay! Front desk service was very good, and the breakfast was also nice. Housekeeping did a great job. Special thanks to Mudassir – he was very kind, always helpful, and ready to assist with anything. Thanks, Mudassir! I will definitely come back soon.

Amazing stay at this hotel! From the moment I arrived, the staff were incredibly welcoming and professional. The front desk team was efficient and helpful, ensuring a smooth check-in process. The breakfast was absolutely delicious, with a great variety of options to start the day.
I’d also like to give a special shout-out to Mudassir, the security officer. He truly went above and beyond during my stay. Always ready to assist with a smile, Mudassir made me feel like part of the family. His friendly demeanor and willingness to help made all the difference in making my visit extra special.

Highly recommend this place for both business and leisure stays. Will definitely be back

I had an amazing experience staying at the Holiday Inn Express Jumeirah. From the moment I arrived, the hotel staff were incredibly welcoming and attentive. The front office team was very cooperative and made check-in a breeze.

A special shoutout to Mudassir, the security officer, who went above and beyond to make sure I felt safe and comfortable. His politeness and helpful nature truly stood out during my stay. It's rare to encounter such genuine kindness!

The breakfast was also excellent, offering a variety of options to start the day. Overall, the hotel is in a great location with wonderful staff, making it a memorable stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the area!

My stay was great at holiday inn jumeirah, all hotel staff was very cooperative, housekeeping team was good, breakfast was amazing and security officer mudassir helped us around.
Highly recommended!!!!!!

Thank you for all your help especially Angelica and Omar. All the best!

Thank you Omar and Kayan and hesham and angileca

I had a very good experience at this hotel.
Mention the hotel staff and service:
The hotel staff were friendly and provided excellent service.

Front office team welcome:
The front office team welcomed me very nicely and made check-in smooth.

Talk about the breakfast and cleanliness:
Breakfast was very good, and the rooms were very clean and well-maintained.

Special mention of the security officer:
I especially want to thank the security officer, Mr. Mubassir. He is a very good person — always helpful, polite, and ready to assist.

End with a recommendation or final comment:
Overall, I’m very happy with my stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to others.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Absolutely Amazing Stay!

had a wonderful experience staying at this hotel! The staff were incredibly friendly and professional, and the room (No. 413) was spotless and very comfortable. The cleanliness of the entire hotel was top-notch, and the breakfast each morning was absolutely amazing – a great variety and delicious options.

A special thank you to Mr. Mudassir, the security officer, for his outstanding service. His positive attitude, warm and brotherly behavior, and willingness to help without hesitation truly made me feel welcome and cared for. People like him make all the difference.

Highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for comfort, great service, and a memorable stay!

Had a great stay! The staff were all amazing — friendly, helpful, and professional. Breakfast was good too. Special thanks to Security Officer Mudassir for his kind attitude and warm personality. He helped us a lot and always had a smile on his face. Truly made our stay feel special. Much love ❤
Highly recommend!!!!

Everything here is amazing thank you Omar and kayan and hesham

I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Holiday Inn Jumeirah. The staff were friendly and attentive, and the breakfast offered a delightful variety of options. For vegetarian people there are very limited options. I would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to Security Officer Mudassir for his outstanding positivity and gracious assistance in helping me move rooms with my luggage — it was truly appreciated.

Thank you Omar and kayan and hesham

Thank you Omar and kayan and hesham

Smiling, supportive, welcome and kind staff.
Very comfortable bed, outstanding breakfast 
Clean area, no noise, around supermarkets, close to restaurants.

Had a wonderful stay! The hotel staff were incredibly good and cooperative throughout my visit. The breakfast was absolutely amazing – fresh, delicious, and with a great variety. A special mention to Mudassir – such a nice and helpful person! He was always ready to assist with a smile and made the experience even better. Highly recommended!

I appreciate all hotel staff,front desk team, housekeeping team.
Breakfast was good. we liked it
Thanks Mudassir you helped us around also assisted with luggage.
Highly recommended!!!!!!!!

All front office team very helpful especially kayan and hesham
Mudassir and Omar very helpful also

Thanks all front office team(Mr.Balshy,Angelica,hesham and mudassir) for your support and help

Had a great stay! The front desk team — Angelica, Heysham, and Mudassir — were incredibly welcoming and helpful throughout. Big thanks to Mudassir for your assistance! The breakfast was really good, and the housekeeping team did a great job keeping everything clean and comfortable. Appreciate the excellent service from everyone!

Thank you for assistance Angelica, Jane and Mudassir. Appreciate you all

All the hotel staff provided excellent service. The breakfast was good, and a special thanks to Mudassir – very kind, very helpful, and always spoke with a pleasant smile. He also assisted with my luggage. Great experience overall!
Highly recommended!!!!!!!!

Now we are checking-out.our stay was very good,all hotel staff was very cooperative and helpful and ready to help every time.
Thanks Mubassir for his kindness,helping and talking with simple. Really i appreciate him.

thanks kayan and omar from reception

Overall Experience: Great experience with excellent staff service.
Staff: Staff members are kind and helpful.
Specific Staff: Mudassar is singled out for being exceptionally helpful, friendly, and a "very nice person".
Services: Good service, housekeeping, and breakfast are also mentioned positively.

Great service from front office team. Thanks housekeeping team for your cooperation and available everytime.
Specially thanks security officer mudassir for you help and showing love and treated us like a friend

had a wonderful experience at holiday inn Jumeirah all staff specifically mudassir, Heysham, angelica and kayan were very helpful and friendly...
breakfast was good.

I appreciate all front desk team specially hesham,mudassir and angelica.
Housekeeping team doing good job and available every time.
Breakfast was amazing.
Thanks mudasiir for luggage assistance and help.

Thank you for every one thank you Omar and kayan and hesham and angelica

breakfast  was  amazing  staff was friendly  specially  security  officer mudassir was very  helpful . ❤️❤️ recommend   hotel  love it.

Thank you omar and kayan and hesham and angelica

I had a great experience during my stay! The front desk staff — Hesham, Mudassir,omar, Kayan, and Angelica — were all incredibly helpful, professional, and welcoming. They went above and beyond to make sure everything was smooth and comfortable. The housekeeping staff also did an excellent job keeping the room clean and tidy throughout my stay. Breakfast was delicious with a good variety of options to start the day right. Overall, a very pleasant experience — highly recommend!

I had a wonderful experience during my stay! A big thank you to the front desk team—Hesham, Kayan, and especially Mudassar—for their amazing help, warmth, and genuine care. Their hospitality made me feel truly welcome and comfortable. The breakfast was also great—tasty and with a good variety. Overall, a lovely stay. Highly recommended!

We had a great stay! All the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The housekeeping service was excellent and the rooms were always clean. Breakfast was also really good with a nice variety. A special thanks to Mudasir – he was very friendly and helped us a lot during our stay. Great service overall!

wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive, making me feel right at home. Special mention to Mudassir, who went above and beyond to ensure I had everything I needed—such a kind and helpful individual! The housekeeping services were top-notch, keeping the room clean and comfortable throughout my stay.

The breakfast was delicious with a wide variety of options, making it a great way to start the day. Overall, a fantastic experience and I highly recommend this hotel for its excellent service, great amenities, and warm staff.

Hotel was very  good, staff were also polite especially Mr Mudassir was very attentive and cooperative during our stay. Rama house keeping lady was also good and helpful during our stay

very good experience
good breakfast
good housekeeping
mudassir very helpful

Thanks all hotel staff (mudassir,Omar,hesham,Angelica and kayan) for your help, for your assistance and for your cooperation.

Wonderful service from front office team especially kayan and omar

I recently stayed at this hotel, and I must say the experience was fantastic. The staff were incredibly friendly and professional, providing top-notch service throughout my stay. The housekeeping team did an outstanding job—my room was always clean and well-maintained.

The breakfast was delicious with a wide variety of options to choose from, setting the tone for a great day ahead.

A special shout-out to Mudassir for his exceptional kindness and helpfulness. He went above and beyond to assist me during my stay, and I truly appreciate his dedication to ensuring I had a comfortable experience.
Overall, I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for great service, cleanliness, and a welcoming atmosphere.

Fine hotel, and nice stay and breakfast is good service from hotel staff is very good, particularly Mudassir, Kayan, Angelica.

I had a great stay! The front office team — Hesham, Mudassir, Angelica, and Kayan — were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and comfortable with a nice view. Housekeeping did a great job, and breakfast was also very good. Thank you for the excellent service!

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Excellent Stay!
Had a wonderful experience during my stay! The rooms were clean, comfortable, and well-maintained. The breakfast spread was delicious with plenty of options.
A special thanks to Mudassir, Hesham, Kayan, and Angelica for their outstanding service — they were friendly, professional, and always ready to help with a smile. Their hospitality truly made my stay memorable. Highly recommended!

Thank you for the amazing service kayan , hesham and omar

It's wonderful service from reception especially kayan and hesham Omar Angelica

Its a very good hotel having clean rooms.Staff is helpful and kind.Breakfast is good.Overall good for value.
Thanks security officer mudassir for your help

Thank you Omar and kayan and hesham

Thanks for Hesham and kayan and omar

All Hotel staffs are excellent. Service top notch . Really cooperative. Front office team specially Hesham , Mudasir & Angelica were really helpfull & cooperative. Excellent stay.

Had a great stay! The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The front office team and housekeeping provided excellent service throughout our visit. Special thanks to Mudassir – he was very friendly, kind, and always ready to help. Really appreciate the hospitality!

I had a great stay! All the hotel staff were very good – polite, professional, and always ready to help. Housekeeping did a great job keeping the room clean and comfortable. Breakfast was fresh and delicious every day.
A special mention to Security Officer Mudassir – very kind, alway talking with smile , and truly helpful. Thank you for making my stay smooth and pleasant!

Thank you very much for your assistance Angelica and Omar. You guys are the best! 💗

Thank you Omar and kayan and hesham always the best

I had a wonderful experience thanks to the outstanding front office team — Kayan, Angelica, and Hesham — who were professional, courteous, and always ready to assist with a smile.
A very special thank you to Security Officer Mudassir, whose kindness, respectful communication, and helpful attitude truly stood out. He spoke with warmth and assisted me beyond expectations — a true gentleman and a great representative of the team!
Thank you all for making my visit smooth and memorable. 👏

I had a wonderful stay at the hotel and would like to extend my heartfelt thanks to the entire staff for their exceptional service. The housekeeping team kept everything spotless and comfortable throughout my visit. The breakfast was delicious with a good variety every morning, which made a great start to each day.

A special mention goes to Security Officer Mudassir — his kindness, care, and helpful nature truly stood out. He went above and beyond to make me feel safe and welcome. I really appreciate his presence and the positive energy he brings. I like him a lot for the love and support he showed during my stay.

Thank you all for making my experience so memorable!

Would you like to keep it more formal, casual, or romantic in tone? I can adjust it.

Attach

I had a great experience during my stay. All the hotel staff were professional and friendly, and the breakfast was very good with a nice variety. I would also like to highlight the security officer, Mudassir — he was exceptionally kind, helpful, and always had a friendly attitude. His presence made us feel safe and welcome. Thank you for the excellent service!

Holiday in express Jumeirah is a wonderful place to be. Everything about this hotel is outstanding.  All the security personnel are doing their job well especially security officer Mudassir. The breakfast is very special. The hotel is also affordable I will be coming back for my next holiday.  Thanks a lot.

Everything was good and we had a wonderful time. Mr.Mudassir stuatery officer was very friendly and helped us a lot. Highly recommended.

All stuff here is very good thank you omar and kayan and hesham

Really good and impressive  service.  Omar attended  me really well

My stay was very good all hotel team very cooperative and security officer Mudassir helped me around

Thank you creyendo much orar and kayan and hechas

Nice view and also reasonable prices...
Specially I like the service. From kayan , hesham and omar

I appreciate all front office team hesham,Kayan and security officer Mudassir for his helping

All hotel staff made my check-in very happy.I felt very happy at holiday inn jumeirah. Housekeeping team very cooperative and available every time.
Thanks security officer  mudassir for your assistance and love

Thanks for Hexham and Kayan and omar

Kayan hesham and Omar good service

I had a great experience at this hotel. The staff were very kind and provided excellent service.
I want to give a special thanks to Security Officer Mudassir for his friendly attitude, warm smile, and helpful nature. He made us feel very welcome and safe. Highly recommended!

I had a great experience thanks to the excellent service provided by Angelica at the front office and Security Officer Mudassir. Angelica was polite, welcoming, and very helpful throughout. Mudassir was professional, respectful, and always ready to assist. Their positive attitude and commitment to helping others really stood out. Thank you both for your great service!

thanks For hesham and kayan and omar❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

Thanks all front office team(hesham,nayan,angelica) and security officer mudassir for your help and assistance

I had a great experience thanks to the front desk team – Angelica, Kayan, and Hesham were all very professional, helpful, and welcoming.
A special thanks to Security Officer Mudassir for his friendly attitude and warm approach – it really made a difference. Great team overall!

Hotel staff is very friendly. Front desk team is very cooperative. Had a great time.
Speacial mention to Kayan, Hesham, Angelica and Mudassir for making our stay comfortable

Thankyou you Omar and kayan and hesham

Great location and service. Staff was friendly especially Mudassir and reception staff

The Basement Parking Approach and Space is Pathetic..!!

Either go there by taxi or take a walk. Not suitable for ppl with car. Not recommended.

Worst parking space. You cant fit your car through the pathway.

Good service from Kayan and hesham Mudassir

excellent

I would like to thank the front office team for their support and professionalism. A special mention goes to Security Officer Mudassir for his positive attitude and helpful nature. He is always polite, calm, and ready to assist with a smile. Truly appreciated!

all hotel service was very good and thanks mudassir for your help and assistance

Thank you omar and kayan

Hotel service is the best. They even helped me in keeping the luggage. Mudassir service was the best. Reception was helpful. Housekeeping was available at all the tjme for service. Breakfast tasted good. Thanks

When I checked-in and checked-out all hotel staff welcomed me very nicely and security officer mudassar helped me alot.he was very friendly

Thanks all hotel staff,front office team and security officer Mudassir for your assistance

The front office team was very professional and welcoming. Everything was handled smoothly and with a smile. A special thanks to Mudassir for his kindness, support, and genuine care. His helpful nature truly made a difference. Thank you, Mudassir!

I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation for the Front Office Team and especially Security Officer Mudassir. From the moment I arrived, they treated me not just as a guest, but like family. Mudassir's warmth, respect, and care felt like the love of a true brother — always looking out, always ready to help, and always with a genuine smile.

Such hospitality goes beyond duty — it comes from the heart. Thank you for making my stay feel like home. You all are truly the pride of the property.

With respect and gratitude,

My stay was very good in holiday inn jumeirah all staff was very cooperative specially security officer Mr.Midassir was very helpful and friendly

I had a great experience with the front office team — they were professional, polite, and always ready to help. A special thanks to Mudassir, who was incredibly supportive and treated me more like a friend than a guest. His friendly attitude and willingness to assist made my stay even more comfortable. Truly appreciated!

I’m an IHG Gold Member and had a great stay. All the hotel staff were very good, especially Mudassir — he was extremely friendly and helpful. Really appreciated the warm hospitality!

All hotel service was very good and also staff was very good
Specially Mudassar was very helpful and friendly ❤️

Amazing hotel staff, especially Mudassir very friendly guy!

Thank you very much Omar and kayan

Always thee best omar and kayan

Wonderful service from miss kayan

Thanks engineer Mr. Viay, security mudassir for your help

Great staff and specially Mr. Mudassir very great person

Nice food
Small rooms and below average housekeeping

Good experience at holiday inn express Jumeirah, all hotel staff and front office team good especially mudassir for his helping and showing love ❤️

A great experience at the hotel. Front desk staff are really helpful with all requests. Mudassir is a great chap.

My stay was good but as it’s an express unit of holiday inn the service was not up to that markup but still the hotel staff is very sweet with their hospitality.
My friend mudassir helped me through a lot with the local cabs n all
So overall it was great.

I have really had a wonderful time at Holiday inn Jumeirah,  the rooms are so good and clean service  is good. Mudassir is perfect, so friendly, caring and helpful and so ready to help. If I had to come back this will be my hotel and I will recommend it to others.

We really enjoyed our stay at this beautiful holiday  in Jumeriah. The breakfast was fantastic spoilt for choice and ya staff Mr. Mudassir was so helpful and caring

"I had a wonderful experience with Angelica at the front office and Mudassir, the security officer. Angelica greeted me with a warm smile and was incredibly helpful, making my visit seamless. Mudassir was also very friendly and attentive, always ready to assist with a smile. Both of them made me feel welcome and valued. Truly appreciate their kindness and professionalism!"

I'm staying in room no: 443 since a week, all hotel staffs are good, especially Mr. Mudassir was very friendly and helped lot, thank you.

I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the front office team Angelica,Kayan annd  especially to Security Officer Midas Sir for their excellent service. They are always helpful, polite, and professional. Midas Sir, in particular, speaks with such kindness and respect — it truly makes a difference and creates a welcoming environment. Thank you for your continued support and loving assistance!

Thank you front office team kayan and agelica and mudassir omar

All reception team great especially kayan and security mudassir Omar

A luxurious and exceptional experience — the hotel is elegant and the service exceeded expectations. Special thanks to Ms. Kayan and Ms. Angelica and Mr.Omar and Mr.Hesham and Mudassir for her professionalism and warm smile that made the stay unforgettable. 🌹🌟

Thank you very much Omar and kayan

I stayed so many times in this hotel really amazing service thank you miss Kayan and security Omar

A/c didn’t work, ( hot outside and 17th floor) Pancake  and coffee machine didn’t work. Elevator was a hit and miss with access cards. Front door didn’t want to open. ( other guests had to let you in from the inside) . When leaving doors did not want to open. (had to use wheelchair button to leave). Positive was good location and clean rooms. But we would not stay again.

Air conditioner didnt work and it was very hot. Got up in the morning and the sink was clogged when I brushed teeth. Tried to shower and the water knob wouldnt turn off and the tub didnt drain.

I had a fantastic stay here! The staff was super friendly and accommodating, making us feel right at home. The rooms were clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was a delightful bonus. Highly recommend for a relaxing getaway!

DON’T stay here! Fair warning — the rooms have no working AC. Our room was unbearably hot, and the front desk only gave us one small box fan.
Customer service was terrible, and the maintenance employee, Miguel, was extremely rude. We left after only three hours and booked a different hotel. Stay anywhere else.

Room 773 AC does not work, it was 80 degrees i the room.  We called and they brought us a "fan" it was loud.  No hot water to take a shower.  We asked for another room, the hotel was full.  The technician told us he could not do anything for the air conditioning.  It is what it is.

Great location

I had a great time at  the game  and got the rest i needed thank you for the the hospitality offered with the great service. Denver is a beautiful city and im glad I showed up so thank you again. Wyoming

El hotel es pequeño pero acogedor, en mi experiencia lo único a destacar es la variedad del desayuno ya que se mantuvo el mismo durante los 5 días que estuve ahí. Y el detalle de la electricidad. Por lo demás con gusto regresaría a ese hotel.

Rooms are older not refreshed.  No mini fridge.  But their service is very good and accommodating

I could not sleep all night. The walls are paper thin and talkative neighbor kept us up all night.

While traveling from Utah to Nebraska, I spent a night in Denver. Holiday Inn was a great option. It's in the middle of downtown with a great price. Super clean rooms with a nice view. This will be my 1st option to stay whenever I am in Denver again.

I haven't even checked out, and I'm giving this a 1-star rating. The thermostat didn't work in the room, and the shower drain clogged up while showering. When I called the front desk, all they would say is that they would let their engineers know. I've stayed at Motel 6, and it was better than this.

The hotel is conveniently located, with easy access to the city center attractions and the subway station. The room is clean and tidy, with sufficient facilities. The check-in and check-out processes are smooth. The overall cost performance is good and it is suitable for short trips or business trips.

Go elsewhere. The mattress is painful to lay on for long periods of time, you can feel every body that was there before you. There is no fan in the bathroom and just stank, still air. The thermostat is locked so if you need it changed in anyway you must call up front and ask them to do so. The room is so small the fold out couch doesn’t fold out all the way. We had to move things around just to open it. Would never fit 4 adults in the room and the breakfast starts way too late, especially on weekdays. Gianni is the only good thing about this place. He was helpful, got us breakfast because we left extra early and went above and beyond. Would never, ever go back but Gianni deserves all the praise. They should thank him with a huge raise because he was the only good thing about this visit. Spend your money somewhere else.

Amazing experience, we had a great stay, we had a great hospitality just during the check in time with Luciana . Ye

Enjoyable stay at an excellent hotel. Check in was easy and desk staff was friendly and helpful. Check out was a breeze done digitally. Convenient location in downtown Denver. The breakfast staff was attentive and the breakfast was good.

I loved my stay here. the room was large enough for a family reunion.

Greeted by super nice friendly professional staff arriving at midnight. Tall black gentleman I forgot the name. Comes with really good continental breakfast with wide range of choices, I had eggs, bacon, gravy. Room was clean and cozy, nice window views. 24 hour good coffee, a reverse osmosis alkaline drinking fountain with great tasting water. All the staff are just so nice. Nice Korean cafeteria lady let you grab last call of breakfast. Easy walkable area to many attractions. Good price / value. Really don’t get why they only have 3.5 stars.

Very good experience. Valets were friendly & quick. Front desk  staff was efficient. Room was clean. Quiet. Breakfast was good. Appreciated all access coffee.

Overall it was a good stay. The building was older and it showed but there not much you can do about that. The staff was friendly and at the desk 24/7. There was some confusion with valet not letting us park but it did end up getting figured out.

nice hotel

Excelente Ubicación, Atención personalizada, e instalaciones generales en buenas condiciones, ideal para descansar y disfrutar del Hermoso Centro de Denver

If I could rate this hotel negatively I would. We booked months in advanced through Expedia for a room. When we arrived we didn't realize there was no parking lot for us to park in. They did have a valet service that was $51 a day which we were unaware of until arriving. We asked the valet about other parking he seemed annoyed and bothered to tell us where other parking was. Found paid parking a few blocks away. Finally get to check in when the man asked us for a $100 deposit with a credit card which we were also unaware of. I've had my card kept on file but not a total deposit pulled from my account. I then told the gentlemen that we had paid for the room in advanced. The man then explained to me that we paid for the room itself and taxes but not the deposit. We then explained we didn't have the money to do so, being that we had went to Denver on a specific budget we didn't have the $100 on a card. The man looked at me with a disgusted look like I was trash and said " you dont have a $100 on this card?" We then explained that we didn't and asked what would happen if we couldn't afford the deposit. The man said "then you don't get the room". We ended up paying got up to our room which was room 673. Although the room was clean, it wasn't at all what we paid for which was a one bed and walk in shower. A light bulb was out, the phone in the room didn't work. The remote worked like crap there was no fridge in it. My husband went to go shower and the water was luke warm for 5 minutes then turned cold. We left to go to a dinner reservation and had explained the problems with the room before we left. They assured us it would be fixed. That was about 5:00 pm. We got back around 8:30/9:00pm. We tried the shower once more it was plain cold not heat at all. I called downstairs using my phone they sent up an "engineer" to fix it. He flushed the toilet a couple times and the shower got warm. We thought it was fixed. Disappointingly we were wrong. My husband had to keep flushing the toilet multiple times to get the shower to keep warm every few minutes. Morning approached as we needed to pay for our parking again. We then talked to a gentleman in the morning(Gianni) who was overly helpful. We asked to move rooms and explained our issues and the whole situation that had happened. He was very apologetic and concerned for us. He asked what would accommodate our needs and even explained things to do around the area and gave us pointers for other enjoyments. Gianni was nothing but helpful, professional, amazing and overall the best one there. If we could rate just Gianni it would be 5 stars all around and 10/10 recommend him. He moved us rooms to 1662. That room was much better. Had the one king bed, the view was great it was a corner room, water was nice and hot in the walk in shower, had a fridge and microwave and remote worked great. We then enjoyed the remainder of our stay thanks to Gianni. Unfortunately due to the 1st day being completely unreasonable, horrible and overall a disgraceful experience we will NOT be back.

My room was stuck in 1999.  Bring your charging blocks.  Also had ceiling stains, failing light bulbs, and the heat is regulated by the company.  Location is awesome, though! If you plan on just sleeping here, it’s a good value.

Super friendly staff. Nice location. Clean room. Would come back again.

nice hotel

top hotel

Bed bugs. I mean really need I say more? None of the other really matters if you can't base line. This hotel is like a prison. The rooms are too cold and the hallways are too warm. Also, bed bugs.

Loved the location and service (just 2 blocks from the 16th Street where lots of restaurants and shopping stores are available). Rooms are small and need more light as the buildings around don't really allow sunlight to come in, but comfortable overall. Breakfast is basic (pretty much just a yogurt and instant oatmeal), they had some "homemade cinnamon rolls" and cheese omelets but I found it pretty helpful. Internet was good but cellphone connectivity was pretty much unavailable while in the room (probably just bc all the buildings around). Take your time if heading to the airport in the morning as traffic can be a problem.

Rooms are clean but small. We got the smallest queen sized bed, I have a doubt if whay we got is a queen size because it feels like its smaller, tried to talk it out to the receptionis, their response was its the correct room. No fridge inside the room and no microwave. Free breakfast buffet, unlimited coffee and tea all day. Staff are polite. The area is clean, room service can take time to empty your trash.  Very close to everything.

Mostly a decent experience.  But the water was lukewarm.  We couldn’t take a shower. The sink was tiny.  Everything else was adequate for one night.

Hello I’m from New Mexico we came out for a mini vacation to see the dodger game the location was great it was walking distance which we loved, but the customer service was very poor our bathroom to our room was not working took a cold shower  I went ahead and called the the front desk they had someone come look at it we came back from the game and asked if they fixed it they went ahead and brought someone else up to check which he did not fix after the bathroom smelled like sewer. The shower did not get fixed Was not happy with the stay.

Nice place. Housekeeping didn’t clean the room because there were food left over that were placed in the dresser drawer and was not cleaned out.

Enjoyed my stay, room was quiet, comfortable and safe. Perfect for solo, female traveller.
Convenient location for transport and sightseeing

館内は居心地がよいです。
コーヒーや水を提供する設備があるのかよいです。
立地はユニオンステーションから離れてはいますが5分歩けば116thなので無料バスに乗ることができますので許容範囲です。

I'm not usually picky about hotels, but this place had a ton of issues.

First, you can't control the temperature in your room. When we arrived, the AC was blasting cold air 24/7 even though it was snowing outside. To change the temperature, we had to go down to talk to the front desk (because the phone in our room was broken) and ask them to send the handy man in, who came by a couple hours later. He made some adjustments and then the unit was blasting hot air 24/7 instead. We had to go to the desk again, who promised the maintenance guy would come back in 10 minutes, but over an hour later he finally made another adjustment, and it was only semi-comfortable. Why not just let us control the thermostat in the rooms? This is a solved problem that even the crappiest hotels get right.

Second, they let the free breakfast run out of items well before closing time. I went down 30 minutes before end of breakfast on a Saturday and they were out of pancakes, cinnamon rolls, and apple juice. Also they have only two slow coffee machines for a giant hotel, and there's always a long line to use them. Just have pre-made coffee like everyone else, it's not like the machines will even make a latte.

Third, the toilet wouldn't flush. They have a handle that can be pushed in any direction, but none of the directions seemed to work. Turns out you have to push the handle straight into the wall with a lot of force. If you're going to have a weird flushing handle, why not at least have a sign explaining how it works?

Fourth, when we arrived a little after midnight, we had to wait 20 minutes for them to be able to make a room key because their system was rebooting.

Fifth, the only parking is $50 valet parking ... for a Holiday Inn. Thankfully if you get the spot hero app you can find drastically cheaper parking nearby, but you shouldn't have to.

Great place, very below average breakfast. Staff were very friendly. 
Good location.

No hot water in my room and the phone doesn’t work to call the front desk.

Called the desk via my phone 1.5 hours ago and have not had any response.

Hot water is the most basic amenity a hotel can have. How do you mess this up?

Excelente ubicación, habitaciones cómodas, gimnasio completo, desayuno básico.

April 7-2026 3 pm: The front desk big lady was so rude when I told her my room was with old furniture, without AC, phone damaged and tv with issues. She change me to another one, bigger, better furniture but same other issues. She said “I cannot make any change again. I can offer you a fun and a technician is going to fix the tv” He fix the tv but nothing else saying “I have a lot of work to do, sorry”. She saw me for 4 more days and never asked how I was feeling or needed. As a matter of fact, she never said Good morning or Hello again.

Great mid-level hotel that is connected to the ultra-luxury, historic Brown Palace. Save on the room rate at the Palace and stay here to treat yourself to a spa day or great dinner on the other side with the money you saved. Big shout out to Justina who helped us with a difficult situation with another hotel. Kind, professional and knowledgeable, thank you Justina for making this Holiday Inn one of our favorites!!!!

Positive: It was warm and welcoming. Negative: The bathroom and shower was pretty tiny, not even as big as a “regulation” bathroom (5x8)

The rooms are very small but clean. We had the room with 2 full size beds and it was tiny. I love how they provide all the essentials lotion, shampoo, body wash etc. breakfast was great. Great walkable location. They were quick to get things fixed like the hall lights that went out. Parking is only valet but they were friendly and quick. Overall they were super friendly, very clean, I would stay again

Easily the most uncomfortable hotel stay I have ever experienced at Holiday Inn Express Denver Downtown by IHG. From check-in, I was informed I would not be able to control the room temperature and would need to rely on the front desk for adjustments. My room was extremely cold upon arrival, and repeated attempts to reach the front desk went unanswered. I went downstairs to report the issue and was eventually moved to another room, where I was informed I could control the temperature. However, even in this room, it remained uncomfortably cold and the thermostat did not properly function in heat mode. I ultimately stayed only one night, which I was relieved was all I had booked. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who expects basic comfort or a reliably functioning room temperature system.

Unfortunately I was disappointed with this stay.  The worst part of it was the charge for Parking for 1 night $44.  and that is including my $7  discount for being a Gold Member????

Horrible hotel experience and extremely rude customer service and manager. Will never visit again.

This staff did it all. Friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. Recognized our loyalty to IHG hotels which was very kind of them. Gave directions for downtown Denver when we asked for help!

The only issue was not being able to contrail the heating and air but otherwise I had an outstanding stay with very friendly and helpful staff and a clean, comfortable room. A larger shower would be nice but I’m quite tall so I imagine for most it’s just fine!

IHG needs to dump this hotel. We stayed here last July for one night and could not wait to check out. Our room was very hot and when we complained, we were given a box fan. Do not stay here

This was an extremely frustrating stay for me. I stayed at the Holiday Inn in Denver for 5 nights and every single night I had multiple power outages. The power was out when I first arrived at the room and it took over an hour for it to be fixed. Even on days when we got back to the room late, the power went out multiple times and we were sitting in the dark for 30+ minutes at a time. Billy at the front desk was kind enough to offer compensation for the issues during our stay, and told us to have the third party booking service reach out to him. The third party has tried reaching out to the hotel multiple times throughout the last week with absolutely no response from the hotel. The power outage issues alone were extremely frustrating, but dodging phone calls and emails (sent directly to the manager) to avoid taking responsibility is even more so unacceptable.

Stayed at Holiday Inn Downtown Denver for a 3-day business trip, and the location was extremely convenient for getting around the city.

Valet parking is available, but at $51 per night, it felt a bit steep. We opted for a nearby public parking garage just up the street, which was still paid parking—but significantly more affordable and an easy alternative.

Breakfast is simple and self-serve. Nothing standout, but it gets the job done—perfect for grabbing a quick coffee and bagel before heading out for the day.

Overall, this is a solid, practical choice for a business stay. Clean, convenient, and easy to navigate. I’d definitely stay here again when traveling to Denver for work.

I have been traveling for a month.  I have stayed at 5 different holiday Inn hotels.  All were very good in all categories.  The Holiday Inn Express in Denver was the best of them all.  5 stars for cleanliness, mattress, linens, showerhead, friendly and helpful staff, breakfast, price and proximity.

Location was great, me and the wifey were in town to see the Phillies beat the Rockies!

I had a good experience. For a budget-ish traveler there was plenty of value (free breakfast, luggage storage, great location, complimentary water & coffee) front desk man was super sweet. Only real complaint is the fact that AC can't be controlled. Other than that. Good stay.

Thanks for having  breakfast!  The receptionist at check in and out was great.  Hardest working Valet.

I was surprised no microwave or fridge in the room. Apparently only suites have those. But otherwise it was a great room!

Staff member Gianni was extremely helpful and kind, working to provide us recommendations with parking and early check in!
Location is convenient but parking is not included and valet is 50 bucks a night, which is not advertised anywhere. Room was small and didn’t have basic amenities.

Super amazing hotel to stay at this place was comfortable and very well kept and easy to check in and check out plus the view I had I couldn't ask for more... 5 STARS AMAZING!!! Great staff very courteous.

First, I am a IHG loyalist. Forever my favorite hotel brand. However,  this property.🤦🏿‍♂️ Lucky for me, I only needed it for one night. The good: when I checked in the desk clerk (older gentleman with an oxygen tank was super nice and helpful) informed me if the room was too hot to let him know. My room was the opposite...I froze..literally slept under the blankets with my jacket on cold. The building thermostat is centrally controlled (really, in 2026). The room wasn't bad. A few cosmetic issues. But when I woke up, reality hit. Not only was the room freezing ,but no hot water in the shower, toilet barely flushed, tub clogged. I just washed off over the sink, grabbed breakfast, and had to leave. I informed the desk clerk but what will happen, I don't know. The walls are super thin. I heard my neighbors (both sides) complaining that they didn't have hot water. So maybe it's the entire 9th floor. Other customers were complaining about the sketchy elevator. Sometimes it won't let you pick a floor. All in all, I say; stay at your own risk...the reviews are real...but you cant beat the location to 16th street and Union Station.

Overall, this was a disappointing experience. The room had a noticeable smell of smoke, which made the stay uncomfortable from the outset. Housekeeping also failed to respect the “Do Not Disturb” sign and entered the room regardless, which is not acceptable.
Communication was another issue: the reservations team did not respond to emails, and although the receptionist promised bonus points following my complaint, these were never credited.
Finally, I was surprised to see disposable plates, bowls, and plastic cutlery used at breakfast. This feels out of step with basic sustainability standards and is not what I would expect.
Overall, not a satisfying stay.

Zero stars.
In general, this older building is worn and service level is well  below other HI Express sites. 
The major problem was HVAC.  When I arrived, outdoor temp was 80 degrees and AC didn't work.  No window could be opened.  When I asked for help, a technician arrived, but tried to get into the room next door.  When I asked him into my room, he took apart a shelf by the window and looked at some machinery underneath. He said "I've only worked here a couple months and don't understand the system.  I'll ask if anyone can help me.  nothing was fixed.  I slept poorly that night.
In the morning the outside temp was 44 degrees.  Room was very cold.  Heat did not work.  I had a very cold shower.
There was not one glass or plastic cup in room.  Front desk told me to grab a few cups from lobby coffee service.  '
Many things around the hotel were worn or broken, such as the phone next to the elevator on my floor.  If I had accidentally bumped it, it would have fallen off its wall mount and landed on the floor.
The front desk was understaffed.  Only one person was working in the afternoon I arrived and the next morning.  There was almost always a line of people waiting.  When I check out, there were three people in front of me.  When I came back four hours later to pick up stored luggage, there were four people in front of me.   The two front desk persons I interacted with were pleasant and tried to be helpful.  It wasn't their fault.

Good service

not bad kind of average overall

Good location
Close to convention center but the facility needs some improvement 
Good receptionists

This place is for a single person just staying to get rest.

This hotel is in complete disrepair and struggling to maintain any sort of a reasonable stay experience. As most other recent reviews have mentioned, you have no control over room temperature, the water is either very hot or freezing cold depending on the room you get. I stayed for 10 days for work and it was a miserable experience. I luckily got a room hot water side of the hotel, but the other side of the hotel is only cold water. Two of my coworkers had to suffer through cold showers during their stay, not sure what's going on with the plumbing here. If you are a larger bodied person, the toilet is almost unusable in certain rooms. The hotel staff will just blatantly lie when confronted about water temperature or room temperature. I feel bad for the staff members that have to put up with all the complaints they receive, but straight up lying to customers faces is terrible business practice. Avoid this hotel at all costs, this stay cost me nothing and I am still choosing to leave this review in hopes it prevents anyone having to suffer through a stay at this hotel. It needs to be shut down and fully remodeled and updated before I would even consider staying here again.

Unresponsive staff that provide misinformation, expensive parking requiring valet which was occasionally very prompt but also very slow at times. Poor breakfast options and inability to adjust room temperature within the room.

Positive: Great customer service Negative: ""

Stay elsewhere. Our room lost power 3 times and the front desk night staff was less than helpful. We had to move all of our belongings in the middle of the night to a different room. No ice in any of the machines. Night front desk staff was condescending and sarcastically unprofessional. Don’t stay here. We spoke with management Sarah Crespo who advised to be refunded fully through Trip.com. We would like a refund, not a free room. She can be reached at 720.334.9204.

This hotel is directly connected to the Brown Palace so you get the full Brown Palace experience at 1/2 the price

The rooms show a bit of wear and tear but are clean and the view is amazing (corner rooms are the best!) 

Note.. no coffee maker.  Annoying. But there is a great machine in the lobby that provides fresh ground coffee.    They also seem to struggle keeping water stocked on the store but there is a great machine providing super filtered water.  Just bring your water bottle. 

Being attached to the Brown Palace means get off the elevator on the 2nd floor and you are in the connector over the street. 

The Valet is a bit spendy but super handy.  If you are there for a while, there is a lot a block away towards 16th street mall. 

You literally could not get a better location.   Steps from 16th street which means you can pick up the shuttle every 5 minutes that runs up the mall all the way to the ballpark.

The room had a fridge and even a microwave. Loved the experience

had no hot water (or even warm water), no temperature adjustment it was cold as hell.

Great location, but the hotel was understaffed. Checking in was a nightmare - there was a long check-in line with only a single hotel staff at the front desk. Also, my room was not ready until 4 PM.

The central heating was also extremely inconvenient. This was my first time staying at a hotel that did not have a thermostat in the room.

Please do not book here I am warning you. The pull out couch bed is about 4 inches think and the most uncomfortable thing every. Ours was stained with either blood or poo or vomit just somthing nasty. We changed rooms and still so uncomfortable. Price isn’t worth it and beware you will need to pay $50 per night to park here. Other people say the shower water is cold and yellow, I’m too scared to check. This place is none refundable because they know that you would stay one night then cancel the rest after seeing it. The air conditioning and heat don’t work and all the outlets are loose. I am deeply disappointed and this is not the quality that I’m used to from this company. $170 a night with tax and parking for a nasty stained uncomfortable bed and an extreme hot room. I really want a refund.😔

Hey this is room 774. You told us to call the front desk if we needed our room temperature to be changed. It's 27 degrees outside. Our room is 63 degrees. We called twice tonight March 14th and left messages as there was no one answering the phone. Please change our room temp to a minimum of 70 degrees. Btw it's currently 10:36pm!
Editing to add to review: Valet was great but be prepared to pay for it. Rooms are small. We booked two rooms but one was on the 7th floor and the other was on the 11th floor. Lucky our children are old enough and we trust them enough to be safe and make good choices. But it was really inconvenient. One review said the toilet looked like a prison toilet, believe them! Don't expect to get a hot shower. Even with maintenance coming by, he told us to continue flushing the toilet to get hot water. Umm how about your hotel turn on the water heater temp. Also, this hotel doesn't let you control your room temp. They tell you to call down there to ask them to change it. But they don't respond or answer their phones.
Oh and the bathroom next to the breakfast area, avoid at all cost. Smells like fish, like someone has been pissing all over the floor and walls. Disgusting.
There are other places to book hotels. Book elsewhere, not here.

My issues have already been in many other reviews. There’s no temperature control in your room and it’s freezing in the rooms. We used extra blankets which helped. The hot water in the shower only works sometimes so depending when you take a shower you may or may not get hot water. The hotel badly needs to be remodeled with many features super old.

Location is great and the staff is amazing.

Only thing I liked was the gentleman that checked me in. Had to wait for housekeeping staff to get their breakfast before I could get some.

passed this place since middleschool and barely just started here smh I been missing out

The breakfast is terrible. They serve the thing everyday with absolutely no flavor.
I did like the water machine to refill bottles.
Great location, very clean & the room had an amazing downtown view. Bed was very comfortable. Staff were very friendly & helpful.

Nice hotel staff. Good having free coffee service and breakfast.

The property and location are nice, but the HVAC does not work. My room was 62 degrees, but I was given a space heater.  Staff kept telling everyone that the engineers were working on the problem, but I found out later from a staff member that this is a long-known problem, so people freeze in the winter and cook in the summer.  Too bad, because I loved my corner room but it's not fun to get up early and take a shower in a 62-degree room!  Unfortunately, I do not recommend this property unless you want to freeze or cook, depending on the time of year.

Room was super small, hallway smelled of heavy cigarettes even though it was none smoking, breakfast was horrible.

We had a great stay at the Holiday Inn Denver Downtown. Gianni was amazing and helped us with an early check-in and even upgraded our room because of a small inconvenience and for being members, which we really appreciated after traveling.

The breakfast was great every morning and the service throughout our stay was excellent. When we were leaving, Thomas and Justina were also incredibly helpful and helped us with a late checkout, making our departure much easier.

Overall, the staff went above and beyond. Huge thank you to Gianni, Thomas, and Justina for the exceptional hospitality. We would definitely stay here again when visiting Denver!

not handcap accessible, no electricity in the bedroom, no shower head holder. More like motel 6

I think if you looking for a central location for a game or other entertainment this would be a great spot. I was attending the convention center for a few days and it was a nice 10 walk.

Nice and close to 16th street that has food places and a nice place to walk.

Sadly, this is my first negative feedback for a Holiday Inn Express. I have been a Platinum or Elite member for years. The building had no AC and it was about 77 deg. in my room all night. A fan was left at the door, but I was never alerted so I didn't even get to use it. I called the front desk to ask about a fridge, but was on hold for 20 min. and gave up. Both ice machines on my floor didn't work (21). It was not the ordinary experience for sure. Breakfast- if you don't consume added sugar, this will be rough. Stick to coffee and toast.

En el centro y el desayuno variado

Unfortunately heating was not working and staff provided a small space heater that pot over to be underpowered for increasing temperature at an acceptable level . Location is good but hotel condition is poor considering lack of heating during cold season . It is unusual to have no heat on such a facility for days ..

I was compelled to share how exceptional my experience has been here all thanks to Justina.

From the moment I arrived, Justina demonstrated extraordinary kindness, professionalism, and genuine care. It’s beyond rare to encounter hotel staff who are not only efficient, but truly dedicated to making every guest feel valued and welcomed. She went above and beyond in every interaction — attentive, thoughtful, and always ready with a warm smile.

Her level of customer service sets a standard that many in the hospitality industry strive for but seldom achieve. Justina doesn’t just do her job — she elevates the entire guest experience. Because of her, my stay has been seamless, comfortable, and memorable.

Thank you, Justina, for making my stay so wonderful!

This is in the heart of downtown walkable distance from Union Station and a lot of other places. The workers were super nice, especially Gianni. I see a lot of people complain about. There’s no AC per room how it’s controlled per floor, but it didn’t bother me. They offer ACs/fans for you if needed. Will stay here again !!

The location and included parking are a good value. The rooms could be updated and the bathrooms are functional, but are strange. Never seen the flush handle in the middle of a wall near the mirror and above the sink. Strange. Everything seemed very “used”. Seemed the furniture in the breakfast area had seen better days 10 years ago.

Shout out to Gianni for the amazing customer service. Room was clean and comfortable. Location is excellent, very walkable area!

El aire acondicionado no funciona. La solucion son excusas y darte un abanico que no se sostiene derechos
pues no tienen las bases. No hay interes en resolverle al cliente. El segundo dia de mis vacaciones y tengo que cambiar mi agenda para cambiar de hotel y esperar a que me devuelvan el dinero. La localidad es buena y el espacio en la habitacion. Todo lo demas no sirve. Casi todos los clientes se estan quejando del  mismo problema del aire acondicionado.

This was an amazing six day trip, the staff was so awesome especially Gianni! Everything at this hotel was just perfect.

Consumer beware you cannot change the temperature in your own room, the parking is way overpriced you can park at the garage less than a block away for a quarter of the price. Also get down early if you want a chance at getting yogurt or anything because they do not seem to restock once they run out of something. Everyone was incredibly friendly but that doesn't make up for the fact that my bathtub didn't drain when I took the slipperiest shower of my life. Definitely a super old property and it shows.

AC issues freezing cold at night, I found one of my towels has stain, train noise from the street can be heard, and one front desk short slim guy was rude to me for no reason, hopefully it’s not racism. Otherwise the amnesties are pretty modern, free breakfast was nice. 20 min walk to Union station.

Gianna at the Holiday Inn Express Made Our Visit MARVELOUS!!!!!! The property is clean and friendly. The room (suite) was spacious & comfortable.

I had a very good check-in experience with Gianni. He did a great job helping me to understand hotel options and services. Also, the breakfast is great and well served.

I have stayed at many hotels over the years and I have never experienced a friendlier staff! My typical experience has been the front desk staff that barely acknowledges you while checking you in, that was not the case here. The young man greeted me immediately, made conversation about where I was from and why I was visiting. He even wished me luck on my interview. The valet staff was extremely friendly, and every other front desk staff I saw was warm and welcoming. The price was reasonable and close to my destination. The breakfast was delicious. I can’t say enough good things about this hotel. I will be back!

There was no warm water for showering in multiple rooms, for multiples days.  There was no control of the thermostats. The rooms were freezing.  Lots of charging ports in the rooms but only 1 worked.  Very expensive for the quality of stay.

I would recommend to stay at the Holiday Inn of downtown Denver.

I will never stay at this hotel again. For the amount of money that you charge and the lack of amenities that you offer is ridiculous and a scam. There is no option for a digital key, when every other hotel I have stayed at has that luxury. You don't even give me the autonomy to control the temperature in my own room. I was freezing all night and sweating my butt off in the morning while getting ready. I'm not a child; I should not have to call the front desk to ask permission to have my room a comfortable temperature. Your staff members are some of the rudest people I have met, it felt like I was annoying them just to get my room key. The bedsheets felt like sandpaper and my room was dirty, you can tell a housekeeper ran through it as quickly as they could to get to the next one. Probably because you are running them into the ground with high workloads and little pay. Breakfast wasn't even edible. The eggs were rubber like and everything else was cold. I couldn't even take two bites before feeling like I was going to be sick. A waste of an offer it's not even consumable. Corporate greed has absolutely ruined the experience for the guests. It's all about making as much money as you can and we suffer because of it. I truly hope one day when this all comes crashing down, and you no longer can galivant on your yachts, private jets, and all the other luxuries you get to enjoy, you suffer just as much if not more than we are right now. You should be ashamed of how you are running your business and taking advantage of people who are trying to enjoy the city of Denver.

I had very good experience during the check in, Giani, the front desk receptionist was very helpful and kind. He made my arrival to the hotel like home. Other stuff members also were great. So if you are looking for good hotel service you should come.

We stayed this past weekend, when temperatures were below freezing.  Upon arrival, we were surprised to see they only offer valet parking ($49/night).

During check in, Omar casually let us know that there was an issue with the central heating and cooling system, and so we cannot control the temperature in our room, and that there are no space heaters available, but we can get extra blankets if we need them.

There were no sodas or bottled water available in the “market” area.  They had some snacks, but zero beverages available.

The shower took 20+ minutes to heat up to an adequate (not ice cold) temperature, that was tolerable for showering.  Not convenient when you’re in a time crunch trying to get to a reservation, and had no idea the time you set aside to shower was taken up by letting the water heat up.

Oh, and if you don’t hold your room key and touch the elevator floor button in an exact manner, you’ll get stuck and the doors won’t open or close, until someone presses an elevator call button to summon the elevator.

The location was good.  But we won’t be staying there again.  I’d rather spend an extra $50/night and be comfortable with the basic conveniences.

Everything other than the ceiling paint, tv remote not working, and awkward layout of the room being on the corner of the hotel was amazing. 

I think fixing those issues would easily give this place a 5 stars. The staff was excellent, the breakfast was good and the location is perfect for a night in downtown denver.

it’s great views in the room service is horrible. Never pick up the phone not hot water never any heaters. They literally have to mentally bring you a heater so if you’re freezing, don’t check in here cause I had to wait a couple hours for them to accommodate me with a heater after freezing the location is prime great if you’re trying to get around downtown, you’re by everything but minor problems here this is not a 5 Star Pl. it’s not a 4 Star Pl. barely a restore place. I would suggest checking out the Hyatt Marriott or Hampton.

They control the temperature of your room from the front desk. If you want to change the temperature in your room you have to call the front desk. I think that is absolutely ridiculous. We were shivering in our room all night long.
Also, when we got back to our room that evening the guy at the front desk was complaining about another coworker within earshot of us. That is so unprofessional.

Nice rooms but the heat did not work very well in the suite on the top floor, they offered a space heater

This hotel doesn't fit the HI Express model very well and I had a bad experience here. First I'll say the staff was/is excellent, 5 stars, particulary Gianni (? may be misspelling his name), who was responsive & understanding at the front desk. I stay at HI Express for business travel a lot because it's a solid, reliable hotel room with little variation, so you always know what you're getting. But this hotel is nothing like that. (A) The major problem that caused me to leave one night early is NO CONTROL of in-room temperature/air. Apparently the hotel is old and all STEAM, so during a warm February spell, the rooms bake. I didn't get the room lower than 73 degrees my entire stay even with maintenance fiddling with the unit. (B) The rooms are oddly laid out. It was a nice room, but frustrating for 100 reasons. No outlets handy for charging. Irregular shapes. A toilet bowl set diagonally in the bathroom. Nowhere to hang anything except the closet, no hooks. It didn't feel like a HI Express Room. I don't like that the hotel requires a valet but that's not their fault - I just hate that, too. Forget your phone in the car and it's an ordeal to get it back, etc. The front-desk staff was attentive and offered a discount when I checked out early, which I didn't ask for/expect. This is just a bad hotel for the HI Express model, in my opinion.

The place is super convenient and right in the heart of the city. There are also some really good restaurants nearby. The room was decent, and the service was good too.  However, the room looked a bit dirty, and the chair for example, seemed worn out.  The breakfast was basic—nothing special, just eggs, coffee, and bagels. But the people were really nice.

Stay there recently during the Denver Broncos Buffalo Bills playoff game. Extremely cold weekend in Denver. Absolutely horrible heat provided by the hotel . To the point to where people were having to wear gloves and coats in order to eat breakfast and be somewhat comfortable. The hotels excuse .. It's an old hotel that's 88 years old and that the heating is not suffice. Really it's Denver it's cold in the winter time get it fixed completely unacceptable . They provided a very small space heater that they expected to do the job which it did not. I'm not the only one who felt this way everybody was cold. Worst part about it I use 48,000 reward points that I am still waiting to this day to be refunded . Have been getting in the running around for management at the hotel and from IHG about the process. It has been close to 3 and 1/2 to 4 weeks and the points have yet to be returned to my account. Do not recommend staying there in the winter time! And on top of that if you expect customer service from IHG good luck!

Best place to stay

The hotel was clean and the staff was very nice.  Breakfast area was clean and food was as expected.  The downside to this hotel is that it was so cold.  I prefer it cooler when I sleep, but this was very cold.  The next day when I went to discuss this with the front desk person, another guest was complaining about the same issue.  They did accomadate us with a space heater for the second night, which did help.  The other issue we had was accessing other doors with our key card.  We would try to enter from another street, but had to walk around the block to enter the main door.  This wasnt after hours. I'm not sure if I would stay at this particular location again.

Conveniently located close to mall ride, shopping, dining, and the staff is friendly and efficient.

Absolutely amazing 👏 best hotel downtown. Can't beat that price!! Very clean rooms and bathrooms 🚻

We stay there to go to  the Denver rodeo.  The rooms were small, and the bathroom was tiny.  The heat in the room for January was cold. I heard several guest complaining about how cold it was in the room.  The shower was super hot and wouldn’t turn down until you turn it off then turn it back on it was freezing.  Breakfast was good, but the place is old.

Usually I don't comment on hotels because, as long as I don't get bed bugs I'm fine.

What is this prison toilet. Why are there no outlets to charge my phone without tearing out a couch and there's no real curtains.

Towels aren't clean. Here's some lipstick.

The frickin after hours door ate my backpack along with the food in it as well, so goodbye meal.

Hostels on Lincoln are cleaner than this. This is absolute garbage.

Odds on there's bed bugs? 50/50.

The heat in the room was not enough.

Very poor experience with my stay at this hotel, room was freezing cold and after calling the front desk multiple times to turn the heat on and waiting several hours had to go to the front desk and ask in person, where the staff made jokes about us being cold. Even after they sent someone up to "fix" the room heating, it never got warmer than 57 degrees throughout the entire night. Did not get any extra blankets or a space heater. Gianni was very helpful and empathetic as we were checking out. However I dont recommend anyone stay at this hotel. The location to downtown is not worth dealing with the inhospitable conditions in the middle of winter.

The heat did not work. The staff tried to accomodate by providing space heaters, but the entire hotel was freezing. Everyone in the facility was experiencing the same issue.

The power trips multiple times, the place is very run down. We had a temp of 60 in our room when it was a negative temperature outside and it was a miserable night. The water in the shower was not hot at all in the morning. The entire place needs so much work, probably best to be closed down.
The hot food at breakfast was also not worth eating, I don’t even know what it really was.

Very disappointed front desk does not pick up the phone, we tried various times.  We even came down to the lobby to see if anyone was there, they claim staff is there 24hrs a day.

What part of a $270 dollar room fee constitutes a blistering room temperature of 62.3F. Not a fan of cost versus amenities. Could not reach the valet on several attempts on the morning of our departure. Had to take it again, to the front desk to be resolved

I couldn’t even connect to Wi-Fi, anytime that I did it would get disconnected and would not open any web browsers. The food was cold, the rooms were so tiny. You could hardly function. You couldn’t adjust the room temperature, you had to go through the front desk for that. And when you did, the bathroom doors would suck the cold air underneath the door and when you took a shower, it wasn’t even relaxing or enjoyable because it was freezing.

No heat in rooms. It was 4 outside and never got above 60 in our room. For months the comments called this out, and when I called before checking in, I was assured That the problem was addressed. Lies. We got extra blankets and a space heater, but why has this situation been allowed to go on for so long?

The same company owns the Brown Palace across the street. You bet their rooms, lobby, and common areas had heat!

No Concierge. Only one person, who was busy apologizing, at check in.No cups, glass, or coffee maker in the room, although it is listed on the website.

Do not stay here.

Rooms were nice, building was nice. Location was great. But all of this gets overshadowed when the there's no heat in the rooms. Our room was only 54 degrees. They were offering space heaters, but by the time we got back to the room for the night, they were our so all we got offered were extra blankets. The bathroom was nice and clean, but again this gets overshadowed when the tile feels your walking on ice because there's no heat in the room.

The room was so cold that we had to ask for two space heaters to bring it up to tolerable.  The first time we asked we waited for two hours.  After calling a second time, with no result, I had to go to the front desk to pick one up myself.   We also requested an extra blanket, which we were told would be delivered to our room.   Sometime in the middle of the night it was dropped off at the door, but we did not discover it until the morning.   Also, for some odd reason it is now hotel policy that they do not put cups or a coffee pot in the room.   I had to go to the dinning area to get a cup for my soft drink.    The sheets also had stains on them.   While I understand that "Express" is an economy choice,  I have had better service at Motel 6.   The only positives were the friendliness of the front desk staff and the breakfast was decent.

The room was so cold that we had to ask for two space heaters to bring it up to tolerable.  The first time we asked we waited for two hours.  After calling a second time, with no result, I had to go to the front desk to pick one up myself.   We also requested an extra blanket, which we were told would be delivered to our room.   Sometime in the middle of the night it was dropped off at the door, but we did not discover it until the morning.   Also, for some odd reason it is now hotel policy that they do not put cups or a coffee pot in the room.   I had to go to the dinning area to get a cup for my soft drink.    The sheets also had stains on them.   While I understand that "Express" is an economy choice,  I have had better service at Motel 6.   The only positives were the friendliness of the front desk staff and the breakfast was decent.

Freezing cold rooms. I was told that they had “central heating” through the hotel and that is the reason why it was so cold. They were handing out space heaters and blankets to guests. The people who checked us in were wearing coats.

Gianni made our check-in experience at the Holiday Inn Express in downtown Denver absolutely wonderful. From the moment we arrived, he was incredibly sweet, welcoming, and genuinely kind. He was very informative and took the time to explain everything clearly, which made us feel completely at ease. You can tell he is very educated and truly knows his job, but what stood out most was how much he cared about making our stay great. His positive energy and professionalism set the tone for our entire visit. Gianni is a true asset to this hotel, and we are so grateful for his hospitality.

NO HEATER AND NO HOT WATER!!!! In the middle of January in Denver!!!! Are you kidding me!!!!!!!!!!!!! Single handed the worse hotel experience I have ever had in my life! I’m going to raise this with IHG and call the police on you. You should not have a license to operate as a hotel!

Recommend this!

GO ELSEWHERE!
The water doesnt get hot, room temperature at best and its unable to be fixed. The bathroom is so small your butt could touch the door from the sink. The blinds dont fully close so theres always a gap for sunlight. And the valet lost my key and stranded us for half the day. The AC cannot be controlled so I have no idea why they even give you a panel for it.
Bed was comfy though.
AND theres a 100$ charge posted to my account they said wouldnt be posted because it was a holding charge.

This Holiday Inn express is at a great location and the staff is amazing. Our room was really cold because of the central air and we needed an extra blanket and a portable heater to stay warm. My husband went to take a shower and the shower wouldn’t drain. It was clogged with hair and he pulled it out. But it still didn’t drain fully. We let staff know of this situation. Breakfast was good.

The rooms run on central heat so you can't adjust it. But they do have space heaters blankets an fans

Arriving at the hotel, Gianni greeted me the biggest smile and me feel like I was the only guest he had. He comforted me as I was visibly shaken, as downtown Denver is not navigation friendly and just happy to finally be in a safe place.

I looked for Gianni every day when returning to the hotel from work, and when I did see him he gave me the biggest smile and asked me how my day was, and wished me an even better evening.

Gianni made my stay a 10!

Thank you to Gianni's mother for raising a respectful and kind son!

Please give Gianni a shout out and a bonus. I will be calling to find out if the message was passed on to him.

Positive: Service.  Guy at the front was very nice Negative: No

Positive: The service at the front desk was exceptional. The results were not complete. Negative: A	Room Extremely Cold Entering room 56 F.  B	Could not adjust volume or channels on TVC.	No drinking glassesD,	Toilet didn't flush properly E.	Elevator did not work G.	No hot water in the bathroom

Everything was great but,  the room had NO heat. I had to have the front desk bring a space heater to the room

The staff was very helpful and recommended an exceptional restaurant very nearby. That turned out to be a good choice and good suggestion! A minor parking and convenience that was easily remedied by their valet parking.

Waited in lobby for receptionist.
No heat in my rm.

DO NOT STAY HERE IN THE WINTER… or maybe at all, they do not have heat in the building. My room is 55°, they ran out of plug in heaters. Also the lobby is probably just as cold as our room is. There should be some type of standard all IHG hotels have to meet, and this hotel would fail all standards. It seems like according to other reviews this has been a problem for a long time, and nothing has been done about it. Going to try to report it to cooperate Instead of the hotel itself.

All ok for short stay Service friendly

We found that this was not a good experience for us at all, there was not enough hot water for even a quick shower, the sink drain was plugged, when we called the front desk asking for heat in our room, they sent us a space heater, which to me is not the way to run a hotel. Also when I requested a refund on our room we only received a 25% refund. I accepted a much larger amount. Also I didn’t not understand why we were charged 44.00 dollars per day for parking.

I did not visit this place at all

The room was alright but AC can not be controlled. Central air is too cold during this winter season. Should have asked for more blankets or heater the other reviewer got. The fitness room is very good, well-equipped. It is somewhat close in the center of most of attractions in downtown area. Interestingly, no subway or train service in the city but just busses. I appreciated Gianni's help and signing me up for rewards + early 30 min check-in time. The breakfast options were good but no dairy free options for milk products. Could do even better with gluten free options. Overall, it was a slightly better than average experience. Would book again if visiting again.

The view alone is worth the stay.  The staff are amazing.  Very helpful and sooo nice.  The rooms are exceptionally clean.  We definitely recommend

We didn’t have hot water for the shower. When we brought it up to front desk they said we needed to flush the toilet to get hot water to work. They should have discounted our stay. They knew this was an issue and didn’t mention it when we checked in.

The entire staff at the hotel was very hospitable. Most notably though Luisana at the front desk was very attentive. She provided our family a luggage cart without us asking for it at check in. She also noticed and thanked me for being a platinum elite member which does feel nice. The temperature at night in the hotel was chili and she personally took additional blankets and comforters to our room as well as provided room space heaters which did make a big difference. Her superb attentiveness did not go unnoticed. Great job.

Excellent Place!!

The city view rooms are great.

Habitación pequeña pero funcional, además de la cama, tiene sofá 🛋 cama, lo que lo hace más cómodo para el descanso. El agua de la regadera con mucha presión, me encantó. La habitación muy limpia, cuenta con caja fuerte y TV. La ubicación está super, cerca se encuentra un tarjet, Starbucks, plazas y lugares de comida.
Por la mañana abre el buffet, los alimentos son ricos y la vista a la calle me pareció linda. El personal es muy amable, cabe mencionar que cuenta con estacionamiento, aunque el pago por el servicio es adicional.

Everything was great.
Billy, at the front desk, helped on Christmas Day to find parking and where to get a bite to eat. I was tired from a long day of driving and Billy came through for me. I am very grateful.
Thank You,
Tim

Positive: Everything Negative: ""

Staff was excellent, breakfast was good, room was immaculate, in a great location. Only downsides were the size of the bathroom, though the shower was roomy, and the parking, which was $44/day

Positive: Great location, easy check in and check out, good breakfast and friendly staff Negative: ""

All of the staff were very nice and helpful. Gianni checked us in and out. We were able to easily sign up for their rewards program at check in. Reward members get early check in & discount on valet parking. We paid $44 for overnight parking per day. You can come and go as you please. We booked a standard room which was on the small side but we made it work. You can’t control the temperature in your room. Overall we enjoyed our stay.

Great location with a great view room was small and the staff wasn't the friendliest

No heat, had to order a space heater. No hot water, was told to run both the hot and cold water at the same time and flush the toilet 3 times .

My neice said her room was sweltering.

I had never stayed at a Holiday Inn before and had assumed they were a lower end hotel, but this trip showed me thag couldn't be further from the truth! This hotel was lovely! The location was perfect- very close to restaurants and shops so you didn't have to go far for anything. The staff were also incredibly kind and helpful! The rooms were very clean and comfortable. My only complaint would be the lack of light in the room, there's only one big overhead light by the door and then some smaller reading lights over the bed, so in the evening it is quite dark in the room which wasn't the biggest issue but something that could be easily fixed with a lamp by the window or something. Overall, a very nice hotel and if I ever find myself back in Denver I am sure to stay here again!

Perfect location for downtown Denver. The hotel is nice, the bed was super comfortable. The staff were pleasant and helpful.

top hotel

Highly Recommend,  Everyone is so kind and Professional. Definitely will return.  Happy Holiday's Everyone 🎄 🤶🏾 🧑🏾‍🎄 🎅🏾

價錢合理🙂

good hotel

Excellent staff
Special praise for Gianni.  Would add Hallmark channel to TV choices

The rooms are the size of a large shed. The bathroom was so small I swear I could've been on an  airplane. The A/C was broken so they gave us a little fan. Water pressure was weak and it took forever for the water to get hot.

Very miserable room was very cold got at low as 55 degrees only could give me one tiny space heater and didn’t even offer to give us extra blankets couldn’t wait to get out of there

Great place. Highly recommend!

Only problem I had was that you can't change the temp in room. It's the same in entire building so if your cold you ask for a heater or if got a fa. Clean super close to Paramount theater.

I enjoyed my stay here and will return, it is a good value and a block from the mall bus.  Guy at check in was great, room was clean and very nice.  However the hotel and room was COLD 60 degrees.  and the breakfast bacon and eggs were cold. but over all not bad at all.

As an IHG Diamond Elite member we’ve stayed in several Holiday Inn Express hotels, and this stay by far was the worst. When we checked in we were told that we were getting upgraded — which initially we were pleased. When we walked up to our room there were ceiling tiles removed and a bucket in front of the room. We literally had to move it to get into the room. The bucket remained in that spot for our 2 night stay. The shower didn’t work, and when we told the front desk, they said they’d try to get someone up to fix it. No one came. The room was absolutely freezing and there’s no way to adjust the temp. When we checked in the manager mentioned this and told us to call the front desk if we get cold. We called. They said they’d send up a space heater. No space heater ever arrived. Other random complaints, that normally I’d let slide: extremely dim/dark rooms even with all the lights on,  no coffee machine in room, and it doesn’t seem well cared for. So disappointing.

the service was excellent

Great place. Highly recommend!

Outstanding service! Great location!

Rooms are tiny but clean and comfy staff was awesome.  Parking was super pricey.

Was in town to catch a Nuggets game. This hotel was perfectly situated, right next to 16th Street Mall. Rooms were spacious and well maintained. Gianni at the front desk was exceptionally warm and made us feel really welcome.

The location makes this property very convenient for accessing multiple attractions. Hospitality was excellent, with paid valet parking and attentive service. Breakfast options were outstanding, and Altal was especially friendly and helpful. Both the managers and reception staff consistently greeted us with warm smiles and answered all our questions. From the upper floors, the city views were truly impressive.

Complete disaster. Never expected this from Holiday Inn Group. This is pathetic maintenance.

No parking. Only option was valet.

No heat in the entire building and the front desk did not have courtesy to inform us when checking in and once we found out and reported they gave extra heater. It was the same with all the guests that checked in with us.

Room booking was with a confirmation of microwave  in room,  it was not there and the front desk staff denied the fact and did not change the room. They were rude enough to say if u want any heating come down 15+ floors and heat in the oven on the breakfast area.

When asked for laundry options they did not have that too.

Tea/coffee maker is not there in room.

Nothing was there for confort. A perfect recipe to spoil holiday that we spend

Only good thing was Breakfast was good, nice options

Suggest not to book here for holidays.

No heat in the hotel. We were a supposed to stay four nights, but we ended up only staying one because the hotel was so cold.
Staff and everything was fine. The hotel was clean.

The hotel has such a warm and welcoming atmosphere. The team working there was very friendly and made me feel comfortable. Specially thank you Altan, Giann and the whole team for taking care of me

Great stay. Front desk staff, housekeeping, and breakfast staff all were hospitable. Thank you for a wonderful time

The hotel itself is very nice and the staff is extremely friendly. I booked as it was a cheaper alternative to other locations. Being downtown, parking became expensive, especially with the hotels valet service as the only option on site. This added expense offset the amount I saved on the initial booking, so weigh your options to see what is most important to you. If you won’t have a car it’s a great spot with lots to walk to. If you do have a car, it might be worth looking at one with free parking.

Valet was amazing, super nice and quick.  Hotel room was small not well maintained.  We had a bucket with water in front of our door when we arrived.  Shower was leaking, toilet was rusty and the room was 78 degrees when we got in there.  You can not control your own thermostat and we were told when we checked in that if we needed it changed to let them know.  So we called to get it turned down and the super nice maintenance guy brought us a box fan and turned off the heater.  They have “central air” and that is their solution to cooling off the room.  Overall not happy with the hotel experience here and will not stay there again.  Was pretty close to the Ball Arena but much nicer hotels for about the same price.

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Holiday Inn Express Denver exceeded expectations across the board. The rooms were spotless, modern, and incredibly comfortable—perfect for unwinding after a long day. Service was top-notch: friendly staff, quick check-in, and genuinely helpful throughout the stay. The location couldn’t be better—close to everything I needed, with easy access to downtown and local attractions. Whether you're traveling for business or pleasure, this place delivers a seamless, stress-free experience.

Drove all the way from Phoenix tried to book a room and the concierge was such a jerk we decided to just leave and find some other place

I feel like the hotels probably fine

great place

Great location, but the noise from the street can be noticeable.

Great location, but the noise from the street can be noticeable.

Amazing value for the price. I would definitely stay here again!

From check in to check out was a good experience. I am a 6'3 man so bathroom was a little small but otherwise very good across the board.

nononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononononovv

The free food wasn't hot
It was just warmed up food

Location is good, bed was clean and comfortable, room was clean. Bathroom was so small that the toilet handle was mounted on the back splash. The room was on the warm side of comfortable and that decreased the of sleep we got.

We stayed from Sept 5th 2025 to Sept 6th 2025 and got a tiny room in  the 12th floor, no. 1275 and for us it was a room normally not used, only for emeregency situations.
#1. The room was cold, because the heating did not work. We got a tiny heater to warm up our room. But this was only show, because it did not help. 
2. We turned on the TV, but it did not work. I went to the reception to tell the problem. They sent a tecnician and after removing the table an inserting a cable, the TV worked. 
3. There was no fridge in the room although you could see that there was a fridge before and now only an empty space for a fridge. The was removed and not replaced. After complaining in the reception the told me only we are sorry and we do not have another room. As our reservation for September 2025 was made in January 4th, 2025, we do not understand why we got this poor room. We think this a strategy by Holiday Inn. When you are a tourist from Germany and stay only one nigth, you are not welcome and you get the most worse room available. Residents always privileged. We made this experience on our journey 3 times by Holidday Inn Express. The bed was okay. The bathroom very small and the breakfast standard.

First, the staff was excellent. Very well trained. Courteous beyond expectations. It was a bit of a surprise arriving to find no on site parking, valet only. I came in tired at night I didn't feel like driving around a strange city looking for off site parking so I paid the cost. One more thing, have your facilities group reprogram the elevators. The elevators respond to the last entry. I was on the ground floor going to the 16th. Someone on the 12th floor got on and pushed lobby and the elevator returned to the lobby. I push the 16th again and the someone got on on the 15 and pushed 5. The elevator then went to the 5th. The 3rd time it worked. This happened more than once.

Hotel was great! Couldn’t have asked for a better location to explore Denver & surrounding areas. Hotel staff was super nice & willing to help with anything.

The staff at this particular location are GREAT! I travel a lot for business and personal reasons so along with that I am a Diamond Elite Member and have been one for over 20 years. Not all staff members at every location seem to care about making their customers feel appreciated but everyone here greets you with a smile and seems to truly care about your needs.

We stayed here 11/3/25. Finding parking was a bit of a challenge. The only parking offered was $50 vallet parking, before tip, which seems a bit steep. When we arrived in our room the thermostat did not work, fridge did not work, TV did not connect to wifi, and wifi was slow and unusable. When talking to the front desk they offered me a space heater, but ended up giving me a fan. We froze overnight and could not do anything about it. The views were nice and the hotel was clean, but it was not an overall pleasant experience.

location in downtown was great for taking the free bus to explore around. There was no free parking, valet only.  The shower kept clogging feet would be in 1 inch of water. Room was 68 degrees F and the temp outside was 40.

Hotel is fine but they advertise that they have parking, but they don’t. You can valet for $50 a day but there is no parking other than that.

We stayed here after a long day in Denver and were really looking forward to a good night’s rest, but unfortunately it was a miserable experience. The room was absolutely freezing, and when we realized the heat wouldn’t turn on, we called the front desk and even left a voicemail… but no one ever got back to us. We ended up sleeping in our winter coats and tossing and turning all night because it was so cold.

The window was filthy… the picture doesn’t even do it justice. When the sun hit it, you could see all the dirt, smudges, and fingerprints. To make things worse, the shower water was freezing too, so I couldn’t even take a shower after the long day. Between the cold room and cold water, it was just miserable.

We both ended up getting sick after staying here, and I have no doubt it was because of how cold the room was. Definitely not the relaxing night we were hoping for. I feel a refund is necessary but doubt that is possible.

Our conference was scheduled for mid October when Denver temps dip near below freezing. The room had no working thermostat, so we were very cold for 5 nights until our last night, when someone finally turned on the heat. 

What followed was something like a Turkish sauna.  

You’d be much better off staying at the YMCA around the corner.

Great location

Thomas and the Lady receptionist were amazing and professional. The breakfast was amazing and the Walk to 16th Street mall was fun and safe. The room's were clean and the views were amazing. The lighting was awesome parking wasn't terrible or too far. The sidewalk to the front desk to the elevators was clean and looked Cool. I've been to many hotels this is definitely the next so far.

Hotel needs some love. Old and worn out look. Paint chipping off the ceiling in my room.  Only 1 elevator worked of the 2. This hotel is 17 plus stories tall. It took forever, as I was on the 15th floor. The rooms are cramped, the check in area is cramped, the bathroom in my room was microscopic. The toilet handle to flush is above the counter which I find extremely strange. A germaphobe could not stay in the room.

Great amenities, even better breakfast (omelettes, toast bar, yogurt fridge, all my favorites). Loved the view from my room. It was a smaller room for fitting two beds (queen and sofa bed) but the location is super central and connected to Denver Cap Hill with easy public transport, so I found it worth it. The sound insulation could be better but I only stayed one night so not a real problem. The lower google review ratings honestly worried me but this place was actually very nice.

clean, quiet and convenient for my business trip

A hotel close to The Convention Center with AC issues and rooms that not up to IHG Standards.

Très bonne hôtel
Personnes très gentil
Il y'a ce qu'il faut au buffet du petit déjeuner
Omelette, chipolatas, bacon, lait café .....
Bref de quoi faire un bon petit déjeuner
Il manquait malheureusement un vrai expresso😥il n'y que des café rallongé très rallongé

The staff and location were great. Stayed in early October, so it was a bit hot in the room. Front staff had solutions of bringing in a fan, but we were unable to change the thermostat in the room. The beds were comfortable, and the breakfast was great.

The room was very cold and the air could not be turned off. They may be fixing the problem but it was not fixed for us. The room was cramped with two standard beds. One queen would have fit better. The toilet was almost against the wall. I cut my leg on a projection that held the mattress in place. No refrigerator or microwave in room. Breakfast was great some days, but on others they were out of the fresh fruit and wonderful muffins. When I asked, I was told that they did not know when more were to be delivered. Very poor stay for a HI. We have been members for over 40 years. This was our worst experience.

Today, I had the pleasure of making reservations and was fortunate to speak with Gionni at the front desk. Having stayed at many hotels over the years, I can confidently say that Gionni went above and beyond in every way. His professionalism, attention to detail, and genuine courtesy were truly exceptional. It was an absolute honor to be assisted by someone who clearly takes great pride in delivering outstanding service.

The Good:
Excellent location in downtown Denver — just a 10-minute drive to Union Station and surrounded by plenty of restaurants. The area feels safe and well-lit even at night. The hotel is clean, tidy, and modern, with a professional vibe. They have a 24-hour kitchen stocked with coffee and drinking water, and most rooms come with a microwave, which is convenient. The staff is friendly and helpful.

The Not-So-Good:
The reception never picks up the phone, which can be frustrating. There’s no airport shuttle service, and no complimentary water bottles in the room — though that’s understandable for a value hotel. Also, there aren’t many convenience stores nearby.

Incident:
Unfortunately, the metal frame arm under the bed had come loose and scratched my leg, even tearing my pants due to its sharp edge. The staff assured me they would compensate for the damage. I’ll update this review once that is resolved.

Customer service is so important to us and we want to say Thomas needs a raise! lol He is so personable, so nice, got us checked in early since we are IHG members. We came from Tampa for the day to downtown Denver and he made our stay memorable. The room was bigger than I thought it would be. We had a partial view of the city. The couch was comfortable and the bed as well. The bathroom was nice and clean. We had no issues with water temperature. When we do go back there we will be staying here again.

Stayed at the hotel in early October 2024, as I was here for the GABF event.

Really, I feel like I should just cut and paste the previous review from John B.  As he indicated, the rooms here are small, but pretty well maintained and clean.  The king size bed was comfy and there was a fridge in the room.  There was also a microwave, but it wasn't plugged in and the cord was too short to reach the outlet.  I had to put it on the floor if I wanted to use it.  Turned out it didn't work anyway.  Others have complained about the thermostat, but I didn't have a problem.  It did take a while to cool the room down, as the airflow was pretty weak and slow.  As John B pointed out, the bathrooms here are very small.  I've stayed at hundreds of hotels throughout my life, and this place gets the nod for the smallest hotel bathroom I've ever seen.  I actually knocked off the toilet paper dispenser trying to twist around to use the flusher (which is on the wall, above the sink).

On the other hand, the location is great.  Very close to Coors field, the convention center, 16th street mall and Larimer Square.  There's also a good size, well equipped fitness center.  The daily breakfast is fine, about what you would expect at any chain hotel (again, as indicated by John B).  The staff here were very friendly and helpful.

I would add that the hotel is located about a mile from Union Station, in case you're using the light rail to get downtown from the airport.

In the end, I'm not sure this is a hotel I would choose to stay at again.

Been a loyal member since 1983, used all over the world. At check-in no acknowledgement. Staff did not mention that thermostat in room doesn't really do anything. Can get cold in Denver in Sept...and it did along with rain. Came back from meetings and not only found room temp in the 50s but bedroom carpet soaking wet...leak from rain. Tried to adjust thermostat...nothing happened. Had to go done to front desk as phone in room did not work. Explained situation. The staff on duty looked me up and seem put off telling me that was not my room, and heaters are still off from summer! They acted like it was my fault. Maintenance crew accompanied me back to room to verify my room #, phone does not work and carpet was wet from leaks. This was my last night, so I was not interested in packing up and moving. I could get from 1-side of bed to bathroom, to closet without walking on wet carpet. The young maintenance gentlemen got me a portable heater to use which helped to warm room up some. At checkout, still little acknowledgement for inconveniences. Will have to think twice about this property when I come back to Denver.

Great location downtown.   Great customer service.. would definitely recommend

Un lugar para el olvido. Sucio desde que ingresás. Los que atienden el front desk tienen malísima predisposición. No hay desayuno con opción apto celíaco aunque lo hayas avisado con anticipación. Desayuno poco surtido sin opciones saludables. Cuasi vomitivo. No reponen nada. Nos quisieron cobrar algo que no habíamos consumido de lo que ofrecen como un kiosco frente al front desk. No hablan otro idioma que no sea inglés. La habitación bastante diminuta y el baño con el botón del inodoro al lado de la bacha de lavarse las manos. Sin frigobar. Eso sí, limpia. Si querés disfrutar de tu viaje NO ELIJAS ÉSTE HOTEL...

Mala atención de todo el personal. No existió el desayuno gluten free. Nos quisieron cobrar alimentos que no consumimos. Mal mal!

Old and cold hotel,  they charge for parking . I will never return to this location, nor will I recommend

Freezing Can't control temperature. Front desk was young and rude laughing. Phone kept ringing for no reason when called front desk. They said nothing they can do. Do not stay here.

Everything was great good front desk help great breakfast slept well the only and she was the hot water other than that in the great experience

No parking unless you pay 50 for Valet. Room was very cold and thermostat didn't work. Hot water took 10 min in shower to come out. Hotel is clean and nice but made for a rough stay.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Overbooked even though reserved weeks in advance. Had to go back to the airport to find a place to stay. Not a reliable place to stay for travelers.

Top notch professionalism from staff.

Hotel was overbooked and tried to tell me I was rebooked for another holiday inn 35 minutes away!! And, I would have to cover the cost of a cab there myself. Completely ridiculous. There was no manager on site to deal with this. They did not offer to comp the room. They said maybe the other hotel would give me something free to make up for the cab ride. What?!

If you are looking for a wonderful hotel at a great price and fantastic location, this Holiday Inn Express is the place to stay.  Very friendly staff and super clean rooms.  I have stayed here before and will definitely be back.

The biggest complaint is the air conditioning. You cannot adjust it so the room is constantly blowing cold air and the room is freezing. The reason is supposedly because they are under renovation but people have been complaining about this 4 years or more as I look into the reviews. What in the world……. It’s comical.

Update- they give you this little space heater and shut the vents for you so the room gets warmer….. so you either have your room at 58-63 degrees all the time or no air flow at all because the only way they get the room warmer is to close the vents.

This hotel is in a great location.   The reviews are right about the air conditioning.  They are kept at the same temp all day and will get u a fan if u need one.  Breakfast is basic and nothing special.   Staff is not very helpful or act like they are in the hospitality service. But  im not mad about the stay but wouldn't book again.   Stay was enjoyable cause we were out all day and everything was in walking distance so over all not a bad stay just be ready for the negatives

Due to recent feedback I wrote several emails asking for the condition of AC in rooms and a free cancellation. They did even not answer within 48h at all.

Lost my trust in this hotel, that I would get support in case of not working air condition and cancelled it. Very dissatisfying as I was a huge Holiday Inn Express Fan.

It was indeed a great place to stay when in Denver. Easy to navigate and locate. With nearby public parking and vallet. Not that new but since we are always out, its a great place to sleep. With bath and personal amenities (you just need to ask). Good deal for its price. Will stay again here next time. 😊👍🏻

The location was perfect for my getaway. It’s a mile away from coors stadium and walking distance to 16th street. The dove amenities were a plus in the bathroom. The room was pretty modern. They had a decent complimentary breakfast. Just try earls kitchen nearby! Make sure you request the right bed. I had a standard which means a double and was hoping to get a queen at least

I stayed at the Holiday Inn for conference.  Great location to be close to downtown and the conference area.  The standard rooms didn’t have fridges but all the other amenities can be found.  Great affordable price compares to other hotels in area.

Our 1st morning the fire alarm went off at 6 am .no known reason. The breakfast was grabbed up so fast not a chance to get any. The rest of the days we stayed were much better.  We even got the breakfast

Just to echo what everyone else said, the thermostat is not working and our room is freezing. Front desk staff gave me a space heater and a blanket. Unacceptable and should be shut down.

Positive: "" Negative: Hotel Website states there’s a pool. There isn’t. Had to have a box fan in the room because you can’t control the temperature on your room. Parking was 49$ a day. The pancake machine worked one day was down the rest of the time. There was no toaster.

Positive: Good room for a good price. Negative: Bathroom layout. Confined toilet

Great hotel and location
Smallest queen room I was ever in at a Holiday Inn Express
No room for a fridge?
Not impressed and have stayed at this hotel 4 times before

Too many broken things such as elevator, check-in, outlets, bed.

Hotel has a great location and provided a nice overnight stay

Great no frills stay in downtown ! Staff was very accommodating and location was central to all that we needed .

Good location. Central to many various restaurants and entertainment choices including mall shops and dining spots, a movie theater and the Museum of illusions. Nice basic rooms, included breakfast was convenient option.

Check In representative was one of the most professional and kind person I have ever dealt with.  Room was great,  only issue is that air conditioning really never kept the room cool.  Very warm all night.  Everything else was exceptional.

When I arrived at the hotel, I was told the building AC was broken and told that I could get either a 20% discount on my stay or cancel for a full refund. It was around 94F outside and they couldn't tell me if the room would be any cooler. After rebooking at a different IHG property (despite extremely high rates and low availability of any downtown hotels that week) about 20 minutes away, I canceled my reservation at the front desk. Again, I was promised a full refund. Instead, I was charged for the full amount and then refunded for only 2 of the 3 nights. 

I used the online chat and spoke to an agent who called the hotel for me (but was unable to get through) and was promised that they'd call me back soon. They have not. I've repeatedly tried just requesting my receipt and have not received it either (despite needing it urgently for an expense report). I've called and left messages at the front desk. No response. No refund. Can't even get my receipt.

This run around is entirely unacceptable and just offensive on top of the initial inconvenience and expense of rebooking same-day and having to pay for two taxis/ride shares a day. I don't blame the hotel for the AC outage, but this level of customer service is not at all what I'd expect from an IHG hotel and has made me wary of ever staying with an IHG hotel again if they're so incapable of getting individual hotels to provide customer service.

️️️️️
I had a wonderful stay at the Holiday Inn Express! The hotel was very clean, comfortable, and welcoming. The staff went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect during my visit. The room was spacious with a cozy bed, and I really appreciated the little touches like fresh towels and plenty of outlets for charging.

Breakfast was a big highlight—lots of delicious options, fresh coffee, and everything was well stocked. The location was convenient, making it easy to get around, and parking was simple.

Overall, this was a great experience, and I would definitely stay here again. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a reliable, comfortable, and friendly place to stay!

Although close to many places, this location lacks a good maintenance crew. Rooms are outdated and parking fees are outrageous.

🫢

Checked in late last night with family from Florida and had the most useful nice entertaining check in experience from Aira the night auditor she went out her way to make sure our room was where we requested gave us extra linen and gave us dietary dining options and a set detail of area and property that was very informative Aira your a Rockstar great customer service really appreciated.

Thomas and his associate were incredibly welcoming, courteous and helpful. He helped me bring my luggage to my room and they both went out of their way to make my wife and I feel welcomed. The Valet was also really nice and everything went smoothly.

This is what 5 star customer service looks like! Hats off. I felt like I was staying at the four seasons.

Great hotel, rooms are a little small though and windows don't open, or at least the ones I had.

Nice breakfast and near red train service to union station. Has a gym for exercise

The outlets in the room didnt work, we had no control of the temperature in the room, trash bins had no bags in them, no nearby easily accesible parking so we valletd at a high nightly price. No microwave or refrigerator in rooms either.

This has to be one of the worst hotels I've ever been to. The rooms don't have a mini fridge we had to use ice bucket to keep our drinks cold IN THE SUMMER. You can't adjust the thermostat to your liking which was unheard of till now, the room was warm despite the fan they gave us, which did absolutely nothing besides a horrible sound and a headache. The breakfasts are not good either, even their hot foods are cold. On the other hand the staff were friendly, professional, and hardworking.

The stay was better than expected.  Ease of check in and friendliness\ helpfull ness of staff really made of difference.  Uber were quick at this location which helped a lot getting to events in a timely fashion.  Breakfast included helped in making appointments in the morning.   THANK YOU for the wonderful stay.

Nice hotel and good people

The location of the hotel is convenient and within walking distance of a lot. Other than that I do not recommend staying at this property. The air conditioning did not work and I was not told during my check in. The night shift was helpful and did offer a fan. Some of my items were discarded during my stay and I addressed it with the manager within a couple of hrs of my room being cleaned and the situation was not handled properly . They contacted room service but I was told they never answered the phone.Front desk said they would leave a message for the night shift to follow up and the message was not passed on. After my 3rd attempt to get an answer the manager did agree to refund some of my stay. I emailed the manager,Jasmine, directly with a receipt of my item I had to recover and letting her know that I feel like this situation was not handled accordingly and never got a response. It was not until a 3rd party got involved that I received a response and my partial refund. The amount returned was still not enough to cover what as discarded. Super disappointing. I believe this could have been handled better. I felt like I was not made a priority.

Positive: "" Negative: No easy access to parking.  Lack of vending machines.  Expensive for what was provided.

Great location, close to everything downtown and the stadium. However, if there's a heatwave: be aware the air conditioning is awful and not all rooms have a portable fan to help. Complained with the front desk during our stay, they said we're get a refund of points. A month and a half later, after multiple phone calls and voicemails, after filling out their survey and asking to be contacted, after verifying the email address (that wasn't correct anyways), after being thanked for being a platinum member, I STILL have NOT received the refund I was promised. Again, great location but use caution when booking during the summer.

Great location and staff overnight agent Aira was so helpful and polite it's great to see good customer service she went out her way to make sure our front desk experience was successful.

I try not to write negative reviews but there was not much about my stay that was anywhere near positive. To begin with, the hotel had no AC in the rooms. So imagine walking into your room after a long day of travel and just wanting to relax and binge your favorite tv show, but can’t relax because you’re sweating. Well then I go to turn on the TV and the TV doesn’t even work and the front desk had little to no assistance offered to me.  So after a night of little sleep due to sweat and silence I am not very happy.

Positive: The size of the room was awesome. Negative: The breakfast could have been better

Clean hotel, great staff and a wonderful experience.  

The room was clean and quiet.  I did not find it too hot, very comfortable.   The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was sparkling and I loved having an in room refrigerator and microwave.  

Great location a within a mile from anywhere in downtown. Free shuttle bus 1 block away.

Four nights. One of four, July 28, room AC stopped around 2am and room was 76F. But other days were ok. Breakfast depends on the day, sometimes very good and the others like motel level. People were nice.

Just like the other reviews... No AC in room but they told us there was a fan in the closet, just like the room was supposed to come with a fridge and microwave. There was no fan, no microwave, no fridge. Oh and parking is $70 a night lol

Our check in date was July 21, 2025.  We arrrived after 5pm, and attempted to check-in.  This is where the fun began, the front desk person could not find our reservation, but she indicated she could "build one."  Then she, withour any emotion advised us that the hotel had no air conditioning, not in the rooms, and not in the building.  There was no ETA for having air in the room.  We asked to see the room so we could determine if we could tolerate the room heat.  We went  up to a tiny room, closet like, which was way to warm to stay in.  We went back downstairs and advised her were could not stay here.  Again, with no emotion, no offers to call another property, said ok, she would cancel the reservation.  What is odd about this is there was no offer to reduce the cost of the stay, provide a fan, provide a bottle of water, nothing.  I guess the Holiday Inn Express in Denver can afford to let business just walk out the door.  We booked the Sonesta Hotel nearby and enjoyed our delicious air conditioned room.
One positive, the location of the Holiday Inn is right in the middle of downtown Denver, just a shame they could not provide air conditioning when it was 90 degrees in Denver.  FYI, this property is associated with the Brown Palace Hotel, yet no offer to move us to that property which is connected by walkway, and just across the street.

Tres bien situé, chambre confortable parking facile par contre le petit déjeuner soit disant continental s arrête a du café toast céréales et fruits le reste œufs pommes de terre etc en supplément donc rien de continental .Attente longue pour avoir un café, une personne c est levé puis et parti sans avoir rien reçus car service  trop long et la personne devait allez à un rendez vous professionnel. Dommage sur ce point .

Dont expect to be wow'd here.  Check in was literally the only good part.  Friendly staff at check in.  Recognized my gold status n offered water.  Hang on to yer shorts; $50 a day for parking!  Room 1563 was claustrophobic, including the bathroom; kinda like a airplane bathroom.  Lighting in room as well as in hallway was eerie n literally a darkroom atmosphere.  You'll have to open curtains to get real lighting.  Multiple slipping conditions n close calls in bathtub, very dangerous slippery, so hang on n don't move quickly.  Beds were comfortable.  Breakfast was bland, generic n obviously money saving based.  Be cautious walking behind hotel alleyway, few dark non existent lighting n perfect for suspicious people n behavior.  Best o luck to ya!

If I could give it no stars, I would. After driving all day, and being exhausted, we got to the hotel, First to be told if we chose to no pay the extra money to valet they would not be responsible for anything that happened to our car. Then a very rude woman in her own sweet time, in between talking the the men just hanging out in the lobby could check us in, only to let us know that the air conditioner was not working properly, hand us a box fan and tell me to be prepared for the room to be hot. There was no call from anyone at the hotel to give us the option to stay somewhere else in advance of our stay. The room was miserably hot! Will never stay here again.

Many issues with lack of ac, hot water, coffee at breakfast, low quality breakfast chooses

I wish I could give zero stars.  The air conditioning was broken when I checked in.  When I called down a few hours later and asked about the air, I was told they were "working on it".  I asked how long it had been broken and it was 2 days.  I checked out immediately and was told i would not be charged.  I was charged, and have been fighting for 2 months to get the money back.  I was told they would credit it, I have talked to many incompetent staff in the interim, and just spent more time on the phone trying to get my money back (for the record, I stayed at another IHG hotel that night, so they know I didn't stay there)

We stayed in a 20th floor, two bedroom, two bath, corner suite with a fantastic view of downtown Denver. There was no problem having my little dog and there is a small dog park around the corner at Republic Plaza. Our room was nice. Free breakfast is included with the room. We had a selection of cereals, pancakes, sausages, eggs, coffee, and juices. I am giving 3 stars because there was an issue with payment, the room was prepaid through Hotels.com but was charged again at check-in with the additional $395 for incidentals.  Otherwise, service was fine. Location is fantastic with the 16th St Mall within walking distance.

Worst hotel in Denver. Room was disgusting. I found a needle on my floor. A/c was out. They couldn’t find my reservation so they charged me twice promising a refund which I’ve never received. Management is worthless. Never book this hotel. Cheap isn’t worth it. Should have known better.

Terrible hotel! Found a needle on my floor, a/c was out, they didn’t have my original reservation and had me pay twice for my room and was assured a refund - which of course I never received. Management is worthless and won’t get back to you. Honestly it’s cheap for a reason. Don’t stay here.

From meeting us at the door with a smile at a late arrival, Jasmine was great at check in. Overall staff was friendly and courteous. Room was clean and comfortable with the exception of temperature, however, we were informed at check in that the hotel was on central air and a fan could be provided (which we did not ask for). Breakfast options were a little underwhelming, as most items were not available (despite time we went). No plates, only bowls were provided. Coffee machine was out of order although alternatives were provided.

Overall a great stay, despite some of the issues noted above, would stay again.

All the other reviews are accurate. I wouldn’t recommend this place. Only positive was the location, but I guarantee you can and will find a better option in the area.
No AC despite advertising AC as an amenity. From the reviews, it’s been broken for at least 3 MONTHS without fixing, which seems almost like false advertising to me. They didn’t inform us of the issue until after we checked in, and didn’t even offer any fans. I only realized fans were an option when I read other reviews.
The walls are paper thin and the plumbing is so loud so you hear every time your neighbors turn on the sink, flush, shower, or even cough.
I got dropped off by a friend who pulled into the front zone (which is apparently only for their overpriced valet) and once the attendants realized we were not there for valet, they ignored our questions. I guess if they aren’t making money off us, we’re not worth the time.
We also got some suspicious looking bites on our ankles and hands, so I wouldn’t be surprised if there’s infestations as well.
Another review mentioned a referral to the Better Business Bureau and I’d agree. They aren’t living up to the promises they make, sketchy practices.

I ended up not staying here after checking out of my other accommodations the same day. Not only were guests not informed ahead of time that the AC in the building went down, the rooms were so much smaller compared to the other hotel I stayed at and ended up returning to since they thankfully still had rooms available despite it being Independence Day weekend.

Not only that, my parcel that was sent ahead of time for Fan Expo went "missing" because the manager on duty didn't have the foresight to inform the staff where it was and cause some unnecessary stress on my end, luckily it was there but we had to come back the following morning after changing accommodations to claim it and it could have just been avoid altogether had the manager that received it just told someone where it was.

Just goes to show, paying for convivence doesn't equal getting the most out of what your paying for. Hence why I'll be sticking with Marriott for all my travel accommodations going forward.

It is absolutely absurd that you are not allowed to adjust the AC in your room. They will give you a fan that you can buy at walmart and tell you that is enough. It was extremely uncomfortable me and if you like to adjust your own temp, do not stay here. The window curtains do not reach all the way around the windows so you will be woken up by bright sun.

I would recommend to stay away from this property. The rooms have no adjustable air conditioning and they’re very warm I’d say around 78-80 degrees. They did let us check out the room first and offered us a refund if we thought it was too hot, we ended up staying because we had a big group with reservations in the same place but they do get a couple brownie points for that. I felt so bad you could tell even the employees were sweating bullets. When we tried to cool off in the shower, there was no cold water. No mini fridge or microwave in the room. You couldn’t open the windows. The room was quite small. Half of the treadmills in the gym didn’t work and it was hot in there too. The ice machine on our floor only worked like 1/5 days we were there. The breakfast was very mid and there pancake machine was broken the whole time (the best part of hotel breakfast ). The only parking they have is valet which is $50 per night, all surrounds parking lots require pay to park every day/night, and they were pretty sketchy. The staff was very nice atleast.

The only reason I’m giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they did give me a 25% discount because of the inconvenience.

As far as location, it is very close to many restaurants and shops which was nice.

We stayed for 1 night, in between flights.

PROS:
The location is fine in downtown. It is near good places to eat, parking lots and many other hotels. The staff was friendly.

CONS:
Our 2 bed room was tiny. The bathroom was tiny. & worst of all, there was no air conditioning or air flow in the room. It was pretty hot and horrible on the 8th floor. I would not stay here again in the summer time.

They only offer valet for $50 a night, with in and out privileges.

Uncomfortable if the temperature is above 85 outside, you can't control the air conditioner, it's central air and flows through a small vent by the window. Just  not enough to keep up the heat. Spent more time outside in restaurants or bars just to keep cool. Don't recommend if it's going to be hot out.

Very poor service at front desk. Roomw as not cleaned the whole time during stay I asked repeatedly for it to be cleaned and bins emptied 
Said I would received a 20% discount never came
No lighting or lamp in room missing took ages for staff to find one for room
No air conditioning the system had broken

I have stayed at this Holiday Inn Express several times through the years with no issues. I didn't think twice when I needed to stay in downtown Denver, and booked here again. I should have read through the reviews. After checking in and paying, we were informed the AC was down and the room would be "pretty warm". When we asked what the timeframe was for it to be fixed, we were rudely snapped at with the reply "not during your stay". We were never offered a fan, a reduced room rate, nothing, to make up for the inconvenience. Strike 1. The next morning we discovered the coffee machines didnt work, and they had one small coffee dispenser with drip coffee for all the guests to drink from at breakfast. Plus, there were no plates to use for the breakfast food - only bowls. Strike 2. When getting ready to check out, we needed to call Valet to bring the car up. Well, the phone in the room didn't work. Strike 3. I have had better stays at less expensive hotels that had AC, plates for food, coffee, and were not close to $300 for the night (including one night of valet). After getting home, I read through the reviews and the AC not working has been going on for weeks! Could someone have let us know this before we checked in and paid? Sadly, this will most likely be the last stay at this Holiday Inn Express.

We’re literally there now and the AC isn’t working, sockets are not working, the fan promised wasn’t delivered, I’m highly disgusted.

Shitty!!!!!

Our room was a disaster, the hvac is horrendous in this hotel, to the point of ridiculousness. THEY GIVE YOU A FAN!!! They shouldn't be open if they don't have climate control. IHG should be ashamed to brand this place. I genuinely feel sorry for the staff, I heard them multiple times trying to explain away the hvac problems to other disgusted customers. To top it off, my room also had terrible water damage.
The location is superb, and like I said, the staff is great considering the circumstances. It's walking distance to lots of shopping, restaurants, & Coors Field.
My kids and I were good sports and grinned and beared it because this was the last leg of our vacation. I wouldn't recommend staying here to anyone until, at the bare minimum, they fix the hvac issues

Worst hotel experience I’ve ever had. No AC, we were given a box fan. It was 10° cooler outside than it was in our room. The elevators reeked of pot. Not to mention the soaps were so watered down that they wouldn’t create suds. If I could leave less than a 1 star review I would.

DO NOT STAY HERE!!! The front desk staff were obnoxiously rude. During check in they stopped attending on us to have a chat about Raising Canes and proceeded to help about 2 other people while I was just waiting for my room key. Upon checkout they were also extremely rude. The only pleasant person I spoke to was our housekeeper.

To echo everyone else’s complaints the AC does NOT work. You’ll see in the picture below but the ac was set to 68 and the room was an intolerable 78 degrees.

The body wash I am not kidding, was refilled with half water. They also decided to just remove the mini fridge for some reason and there’s a giant hole in the cabinet where this goes. They couldn’t even do the bare minimum and provide trash bags in the garbage cans. The elevators REEKED of Mary Jane. There are no other parking options other than valet which is kinda slimy. I cannot in good faith recommend this hotel to anyone.

Hotel had no working A/C, and the parking was way too expensive. $45

This is a $35 1 star room.  Bottom line.  The staff are rude and uncaring.  The AC does not work in this hotel and its by choice of the management. It is 78 degrees in my room at midnight.  The water runs brown. The coffee maker doesn't work.  But worst of all is that they know and just dont give a damn.  Booked three nights but canceling my second and third night and going somewhere with working AC and better service.

The rooms do not have air conditioning and this problem is ongoing. They refuse to fix it. I asked for a fan and was told it would be brought up. It never was. The tv is hard to work, valet parking g is the only parking available. Not a great experience. I would never de on end this hotel to anyone without working air and the blatant act of not fixing it.

This hotel should not be allowed to have IHG. They haven't had a/c in their rooms for over a year?! The owner is avoiding getting it fixed, therefore impacting the lives of front desk who he advises to work around saying it isn't working, and also the valet who has to deal with angry customers. Please look into this location.

The AC didn’t work that room temperature goes beyond 80 degrees during the day. We could not stay in the room at daytime and had poor sleep quality for the night. The elevator was broken, so we have to go nearby floors with elevator and take stairs to our floor. The valet parking was inconvenient. A customer waited for the entire morning to have his car delivered…

Management knows the AC hasn’t worked for a while, yet they don’t inform guests ahead of time. That should be the first thing you mention — be honest about the issues with the hotel, especially when they directly affect the quality of sleep. Nobody wants to sleep in an 80° room.

Very clean. The location is good. Free breakfast.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Terrible hotel, AC was broken and did not inform me at check-in. Very old facility.

This hotel is in urgent need of a thorough face-lift: AC, elevator, internet, light

Terrible experience I wanted to know about conditions

AC is ALWAYS malfunctional so you got a HOT room during summer. When asking for a fan, the front desk said it's the business of the housekeeping service and if we do not get one, we can do nothing. Other than that, the room is small but comfortable.
The front desk is kept complaining and not welcoming customers.
The location is good.

I rarely leave negative reviews, but my experience at this Holiday Inn was really disappointing. First, one of the female staff members was incredibly rude during check-in, which set the tone for the rest of the stay. The A/C in our room wasn’t working properly, and despite reporting it, nothing was done to fix it, making the stay uncomfortable—especially in the summer heat.

The food was another major letdown. The quality was poor, and to make matters worse, several machines in the breakfast area were out of order, including the pancake maker. For a hotel that advertises breakfast as a highlight, this was a big letdown.

Parking was also a nightmare. It’s extremely hard to find, and their valet service—while the only real option—is way overpriced.

Overall, this stay didn’t meet the basic expectations I have for Holiday Inn. I hope they address these issues soon, because right now I can’t recommend this location.

They offered us a fan that still doesn’t seem to cool our room this is horrible, horrible, horrible service… very disappointing for my family and I. We have a very uncomfortable stay. Please help. My husband already tried asking if we can get moved locations, or get help with someone fixing the ac but they don’t resolve anything. This needs IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.

Here is a picture of my second night and they still can’t fix this issue. I’m so upset and dissatisfied. My family and I can’t even go looking for another place to stay because we were on a budget vacation and now we have to deal with this inconvenience. 25% off my stay isn’t going to resolve this issue.

Better Business Bureau needs to shut this place down by the looks of it it’s already been like this for over a month.

Today’s date 7/12/2025

No AC in the building. Worst experience of my life. No accomodation for even a portable fan. Will not be back.

The Air conditioning in the whole building was broken and it was in the middle of July but the hotel staff had no sense of urgency or concern. It was conveyed to us as an FYI. They gave us a fan to use all night. The breakfast the next morning was a disaster. The refrigerator containing the milk and yogurt was not cool enough and the milk was curdled. The turkey sausages were still pink in the middle and the eggs tasted like paper. It happened to be a busy time and so the demand had driven prices up. We paid around $350 for the night. I think the value was worth less than a hundred dollars. Please spare yourself the trouble and stress. Pay more and stay in a better hotel.

This was a terrible experience. First, we checked in, and they told us that the AC wasn’t working well on the top floors. We checked into a room that on the tenth floor, and the AC wasn’t working, so they moved us to the seventh floor, which was no better and in fact the room smelled like rubber. So we moved back to the tenth floor, and they gave us a fan. No apology just said “enjoy your stay.” The next morning at breakfast my husband had cereal with milk, but the milk had curdled. He told the only staff member there who didn’t speak any English. When we went to check out, we wanted to add our IHG number to the reservation, but they claimed they couldn’t do that and said we needed to call the central number. When I called the central number, of course they said we needed to do it on the property. Overall, this was the worst experience in a holiday inn I’ve ever had. The customer service was extremely poor, and the lack of AC and terrible breakfast was not worth the price.

The rest of the reviews don't lie, the breakfast is surprisingly worse than any free breakfast I've had at a Holiday Inn location, but the big issue is the air-conditioning, I don't know about the winter but during the summer it is completely unacceptable. Not only is it boiling hot inside but the windows don't open either so you are stuck with hot, stuffy air to get pushed around by the sad excuse of a fan they provide you with to "fix" the issue, I attached a picture of the thermostat in the bedroom, keep in mind this is at 9pm! Temperature was about the same when we left this morning, DO NOT STAY HERE.

No ac in this hotel.

The staff were friendly the hotel was clean and is conveniently located a short walk from the convention center but there were a few problems. 

First the elevators kept breaking and we along with other guests had to use the service elevators to get up and down. One of the employees told me this happens on a regular basis.

The biggest issue and the one that prevents me from staying in this hotel again is the air conditioning situation. There are controls for the AC in each room but they don’t actually do anything. We were told the AC is centrally controlled and the staff was unable to adjust it. Their answer was to provide us a fan to use in the room. However they had limited quantities of fans so we didn’t actually get one until the second night of our stay.

Overall I was pretty disappointed with this hotel and will stay elsewhere in the future.

No air conditioning unless you were a diamond member for my entire 7 night stay,  25% discount offered if you didn't have a fan in the room. I did which made it tolerable. No cold or even cool water in the room,  except strangely,  1 morning. So not even a cool evening shower in the 80 degree rooms. One elevator was out of service every other day. A coworker left his laptop accidentally in the room and it ended up in another hotel entirely that he had to them go to retrieve. Hit or miss breakfast options and nothing was offered or said to even attempt to apologize for anything from management. My worst holiday Inn express experience.

We were unable to control temperature of room and was given a box fan that didn't work well. Room was very hot making are stay very uncomfortable.

Extremely COLD room with no way to change the temperature.  We were unable to take a shower or use the tub because of the extreme COLD in the room.  NO happy and we will not return in the future.

This hotel is conveniently located. The bed was comfortable. HOWEVER, we were promised a suite and got a very small room instead. There was no microwave or fridge in the room, which we expected. The room was very warm and the front desk said that the air conditioning is one temperature for the entire hotel, but they did not offer a fan. They said I could cancel my reservation with no fee if I like, but there were two conventions with 15,000 people in town on the holiday week.  The reception area was a somewhat comfortable temperature, but everywhere else was very hot. My daughter arrived and complained and they offered a 25% discount and a cheap box fan was delivered to our room. Even so, we had to keep the curtains shut and the small fan running the entire time, day and night, just to keep the temperature under 80 degrees. I guess the upside is with the fan running continuously, it helped muffle the sounds coming from the other rooms. ||There are 2 elevators. But in the 7 days we were there, one broke with people in it. So we had to use the stairs. The next day it was fixed. Great. Things happen. But while I was waiting for the elevator to get ice, there was a loud noise from the same elevator. I used the stairs as did the other 3 people who were waiting there. It took several days to get it fixed again, which made for very long hot waits for the one remaining elevator. Using the stairs was hard since the lighting was very dim at many of the landings on the way down. I did not fall, but that was only because I was going very slowly and holding on to the railings the entire way down. ||The room was very poorly lit. There was a bright adjustable desk lamp on the desk. The extremely small bathroom was well lit. The overhead light by the door was good. Over the bed, there were a few dim can lights that could adjust from dim to very dim, but not bright enough to read by. Those lights had only one switch on one side of the bed, which is inconvenient for the person on the other side of the bed. The small bedside tables had no lamps at all. And there was no lighting near the sofa/bed. So it was impossible to try to read, day or night, since the drapes had to be shut the entire time. ||The TV only had Direct TV, so no movie channels. ||There was no exhaust fan in the bathroom, so the humidity of the room increased with every shower. In addition, the bathroom is so small, the toilet is at an angle so the door can actually open. There are also NO hooks to hang towels or dry clothing on. We had to hang our bath towels on the doors because the only towel rack was over the toilet and could not be used for anything bigger than a washcloth and hand towel.||There were not enough outlets in the room for 3 people to keep their phones charged, power the CPAP and heart monitor, run a fan, use the hair dryer, and the coffee maker. The bathroom outlet is wired to the light switch, so anything plugged in there (phone, fan...) will not work at night. Thankfully, I always bring an extension cord, so by unplugging the TV and coffee maker, I was able to plug in my phone and the fan.||One of the best parts of a Holiday Inn Express stay is the breakfasts. But they were out of orange juice for several days, and out of cinnamon buns too! Also out of the boiled eggs and yogurt. Even the breads, bagels, and muffins were not stocked. For a seven night stay, the offerings were limited and without variation except for the mediocre lukewarm potatoes one morning. ||They advertise the valet parking, but the  "sorry, the valet parking is full" sign was up the entire week. So obviously one can not assume there would actually be parking at all.||This hotel boasts a fitness room. But without air conditioning and a full wall of glass, it is more like a sauna. You could sweat to death without even working out!||I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I have stayed in many Holiday Inn Express locations, and this one is an embarrassment to the brand. At the very minimum, a ceiling fan would have made the stay less unbearable. And a good pole lamp by the sofa and lamps by the bed would be a huge improvement. But I strongly feel that this should be dropped from the Holiday Inn Express brand, because it is the worst one I have stayed in. In fact it is the second worst hotel stay I have ever been at. ||And no thanks management for a canned apology response. EVERY SINGLE PATRON WAS COMPLAINING. You know the problems there. You do nothing. So don't embarrass yourselves by replying.

I stayed at this hotel due to the hotels location to Mile High Stadium. It was easy to find from the train station and there were plenty of places to eat at in the area. I suggest using the electric scooters to get around because they are everywhere, cheap and fun to use. You can take the train from the airport to downtown and use the free 16th street mall bus to get close to this hotel in less than an hour total time from the airport. Download the RTD app for Denvers public transportation needs and Lime or Bird apps for the scooters.

The only plus to this hotel is the location and the quality of the bed. The room temperature could not be controlled in any of the rooms, resulting in a stifling temperature all day and night. If you beg for a fan, you might get a cheap box fan that can't stand on its own. The elevator broke twice in my 7 night stay, and was inoperable 4 days, resulting in long wait times and concern for my safety using it. Breakfast items were not in stock every single day. Don't count on those famous cinnamon buns and orange juice, yogurt, or boiled eggs. Rooms do not have fridges and microwaves in them. Only valet parking, and it was not available the entire week. Bring an extension cord because there are not enough outlets. Also bring a good lamp, because the rooms are poorly lit. This hotel is not up to the minimum standards of Holiday Inn Express. Every single guest there was complaining to staff and each other; do not book a room here.

We were told upon arrival that the entire high rise building is on one central AC - fixed temp - and if we were too warm there should be a fan in the closet. 
The fan was very loud - had to prop it on the ironing board in front of the small vent to get even a little air flowing.  Ugh!

Great location. No air conditioning! Breakfast was not stocked well. Valet staff were amazing!

Room was clean and service was great. The building has a very poor HVAC system so the room temp can get quite hot during the day. Two fans were provided which helped the room reach a comfortable temp at night. Shower took quite a while to warm up and did not reach a very hot temp. This hotel is a good option if you are looking for a green stay, but I wouldn’t recommend staying during the summer.

Went to Denver for a barbershop harmony convention at the beginning of July. Was looking for an affordable, simple hotel with breakfast and stayed here for 4 nights. Room temperature was nice and comfortable. Appreciated the effective blackout curtains on the day I slept in. The breakfast was delicious and included the warm, gooey cinnamon rolls the Holiday Inn Express is known for. Would stay here again.

AC. The temp was 96 degrees in Denver that day. The rooms say they have AC, and there is a thermostat. There is a sign next to the thermostat that says to wait 7-10 minutes for the unit to respond. When it did not respond after 2 hours, we tried calling the front desk to see if we could change rooms. The phones didn’t work either. My husband went downstairs and according to the person at the front desk, the rooms don’t really have AC. The common areas and hallways were comfortable, but not having AC in the rooms should have been conveyed to us at check in on a 96 degree day.

Will not stay here next time. As you check in they remind you that the central AC doesn’t work well so be prepared to be hot. Then, the 22 story hotel is serviced by only 2 elevators one of which is broken the other has at least one damaged and taped over button… not sure how you access that floor (16)?  Previous guest hair in the shower and clumped up in the tub.

Do yourself a favor and pick another holiday in in the Denver area, downtown Holiday Inn express was not worth it.

This hotel doesn't merit being a 3star or given any rating. Basic facilities are missing: low room air-conditioning, though they announced while checking in and offered a refund but where does one go looking for new hotels at last minute.
The bathroom tub gets clogged in water, drainage doesn't work for long time and you stand in ur own bathed pool of water.
The lid on toilet bowl isn't upright as it touches the wall behind, a functional error of a property trying to cut corners.
Wall paper inside the room has come off.
Sorry state of affairs for a branded hotel.

Very clean hotel. 
Upon check in it was easy and convenient and friendly staff. 
My family and I felt safe as the location was downtown. Walking distance to stores and restaurants. Beds are amazing! Best sleep ever for a hotel stay. The valet staff were professional and very helpful and did an excellent job.

Unfortunately the hotel has had no air conditioning for several weeks (months??) and management continues to allow new reservations despite unacceptable conditions. It was 95 degrees in Denver during our stay and our room was at 80 degrees the entire time. It was impossible to sleep or even relax in our room, and we were offered no compensation by the hotel. Do not book here until they fix the air conditioning.

Box Fan with every room.  The entire hotel is cooled by one unit.  Once your room key is issued then your told about the AC situation.  It was hot and hardly any air came from the vents.  If you plan on being out and about this may work for some but sleeping comfortably was not apart of this stay.  The proximity to downtown restaurants and shopping is great.  With that I expected better.  Do Better IHG!

Do not stay here. Air conditioning is broken and has been, owner has no interest in fixing (was advisedby others it has been broken a yr). Booked it and wasn't notified, was just advised that I couldn't control it in my room. Left and stayed at another hotel. I stay here annually, they lost my business forever.

Positive: Awesome location in downtown Denver Negative: No in-room A/C controls.  The hotel controlled the A/C and kept it hot everywhere.  The drain in our shower was clogged the first day.  I booked two identical rooms but one was larger with a fridge and microwave.  Smaller room had nothing.

I experienced an issue with the air conditioning in my room it wasn’t working, and the room was uncomfortably hot. I reported this to the staff, and I was told I would receive a 25% refund for the inconvenience. However, I never received any refund or follow-up regarding this matter. Honestly, I deserve even a full refund because I couldn't sleep at all, because of the AC.

At the time I went to my room after check in #670, it was so hot in there I couldn't s but was NOT told the air conditioning in the entire building didn't work properly, and now after seeing the other reviews here, it did not  just recently happen...it's been going on for years at this Holiday Inn Express! I called to find out why it was so hot, and "Keisha" at the front desk who checked me in said sorry I forgot to tell you the a/c in the entire building is not working properly...but I'll have a fan sent to your room.  Well I was tired. So I took a shower and then decided to sleep for a while, took my shirt off, and when I woke up, there was a FAN in the room! So, someone obviously came in the room when I was sleeping with my shirt off and put a box fan in there, didn't plug it in, just put it in there! (There was also another fan outside the door!) I had collectible Beatles 45 RPM records with me when I checked in, along with my grandfather's medal from WWII that I know were there when I checked in; (I took pictures!) These things & a couple other things are missing now! ||I'm just beginning! I really did not want to go through the entire "ordeal" at the Holiday Inn Express Downtown Denver @ 1716 Tremont Place, especially since it's so very close to the famously historical Brown Palace Hotel, which was one of the main reasons I chose this particular Holiday Inn Express...even The Beatles stayed their in August of 1964, regardless I can't afford $400+ to see the Beatles ' suite!!!)||Additionally, there was no microwave in the room, no mini - fridge, and when I asked for laundry service, I was told there was NO laundry service available whatsoever! Having said that,  the original description in the  Expedia app specifically mentioned these amenities as included in the price if the rooms. To top everything off, and if that wasn't enough. I checked out on Tuesday, June 17th, 2025, was denied a receipt, was also denied my $50 deposit refunded back to my original method of payment, which was a PayPal debit card with a VISA logo, and to date, 7/2/25, I still have not received my money back.  I reported this to PayPal, was told that it could not be reported, so PayPal decided to file a dispute for the entire amount of $291 + change back, and before I could even submit any receipt or photos or anything, PayPal, within a mere 2 day's time, denied the claim! |I did like the "free" breakfast there though, that is of course, when I was able to eat it without being watched constantly by security! Someone named Vonn an older Hispanic man would stand there in the morning staring at me, and I swear I did nothing wrong!  There was a VERY nice lady from France who asked me in French if she could help.me. I tried to tell her no, but "merci, madam ||Well, one last thing before I end this , um, what is my honest review of Holiday Inn Downtown Denver @ 1716 Tremont Place... after I checked out on Tuesday, 6/17/25, I specifically asked if I could order something to eat from DoorDash because my blood sugars were low (I am Type Il Diabetic, fyi, and I take Metformin ER x2/200 tablets daily.) Anyway, "Keisha" said yes no problem at all, I could sit in the lounge area

I had to check into this hotel quickly yesterday because the antibiotics that I was prescribed by my doctor had me feeling so loopy. I couldn't function, and my apartment was getting sprayed, so I couldn't go back home. While I was able to get a room right away, and getting service was okay, they didn't inform me about food options. They told me about breakfast, but didn't tell me exactly where it was being served. As a blind person, all of this information would have been important to know. When I got up to the room, the room was okay. I have had better for around $150. That said, there were two issues with a bed that stood out to me. One is the fact that there were bed bugs in the bed. This definitely should not have been at all. The second is that the bed was extremely uncomfortable to sleep on. For them claiming to have comfortable beds, this is a lie. It felt like I had boards on my back. The Wi-Fi service was great. No issues there. There are certainly better hotels for the price, and without the bed bugs.

Arrived in Denver ahead of schedule, called and asked for early check was told it was not an option to check in early from the manager, arrived at hotel and watched other guest get check in while i waited with my two children for 3hrs. Room was small and no AC in room, to hot to sleep in or be in during the day. No WIFI in room, Continental Breakfast was terrible no food was out only muffins, list that breakfast is until 10am was there at 9am and nothing was available. Elevator seem not to work? had to wait on it very slow. Had to use the stairs from the 17th floor which was along ways to go when you have a suit case to catch your ride to the airport.

I’m actually super disappointed in this stay. The whole hotel was HOT. Especially breakfast area and our room on 7th floor. Front desk told us you couldn’t change the AC temp because it wasn’t working. Also there was no hot water in our room at all! No matter how long we ran it for. I wanted to talk to front desk about this at check out, but the woman who was there didn’t speak or understand English very well which is generally fine but at the front desk is crazy. It was super disappointing and when I reached out to IHG, they only offered points which I don’t want because I know points is the cheaper route for them and they don’t lose on their money. I want my money back!

Poor experience due to broken a/c. Booked online, didn't know the a/c was broken until arriving. Travelling with children, so didn't have time to find other accommodations. Front desk did provide a fan, but when asked about a discounted rate due to the a/c, said a manager would be calling the next day. Never heard from a manager.

By far, it was the worst hotel experience I ever had. It's a Holiday Inn, worth at tops about $120 a night. The only nice thing was the fitness center. Breakfast was, well, it's free breakfast. When has free breakfast ever been good? The real issue was maintenance on the property. Air conditioning didn't work in the whole hotel, rooms were like 80°, sleeping, ha, impossible! Somehow, although we were on the top floor and the sink was higher than the bathtub drain, the sink filled up with water when taking a shower and, unfortunately the kids clothes were in the sink and all got soaked. Called maintenance to come fix the draining problem, of course they never showed. Of course they didn't offer anything to make it right. They couldn't pay me the price of a room per night to stay there again.

Stay away!!!! If you like sleeping in an 78 degree room when it is 90 degrees outside come stay. This is by far the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in!!! On top of that the Valet Parking is $50 a night. Terrible terrible terrible. Holiday Inn Corporation should shut this dump down!!!!!

The staff were the best! I interfaced with four of them including the valet service. All were very pleasant and helpful.I'd return just because of them.

The stay would work if your in downtown Denver on a quick business trip, and don't care about quality coffee. It's a difficult building design that does not allow you to go back and forth to your vehicle. You have no idea where they parked your vehicle, and not a choice to do otherwise. You have zero control over the room temp. and there is zero air-flow. The coffee is a machine that mixed syrup with hot water, which is a big No for me.

Make sure you call and confirm they have functioning AC BEFORE confirming your booking. I had to sleep in an 80°F room for 3 nights on this trip, and I could book last minute anywhere else, unless I wanted to pay $600+ a night at another hotel.
Also, make sure you'll be charged the agreed upon amount from your booking agency. I was charged an extra $93.40 total for parking for the 3 nights I stayed, and I only used the parking for two nights.

Expert service staff Jasmine and Nikki

Wonderful front desk service personnel. Jasmine and Nikki Thank you.

The fact that the ENTIRE BUILDING has known  a/c issues and you cant control the temp in your own room at all is absolutely ridiculous, especially when it now seems to be a known issue going on for WEEKS now. Offering a box fan as a solution, if they even have one to begin is quite frankly ridiculous.  Cant even open the windows or anything. Youd be better off sleeping in your car at night.

Take the train from Denver International Airport, exit at Union Station, and hop on the “Free Mall Bus” at 16th street. Take bus to Tremont, walk a block. This hotel is in the thick of it and the vibe is great. Enjoy!

Hello we come from another hotel that did not have breakfast.

We wanted to come and pick it up at the holiday inn and obviously pay the price of the buffet

We were denied access with a most unpleasant welcome

I won't make any ads for this hotel which is a shame for them I think 😏

Was checking in recently and knew based off previous reviews that the rooms get hot and no in room controls for ac so I requested a fan for the room. Front desk girl said no more fans left. How does a hotel with known ac issues not have enough fans available for customers? It was 100 degrees in Denver that day.

Employee allowed me to check room first to see if I still wanted it. Room was unbearably hot so canceled my stay and booked at another hotel. I recommend people boycott this hotel until they renovate and get ac in the rooms.

We came to this hotel to celebrate our anniversary while located downtown. Walking distance to 16th mall and the free mall ride to save some money. However, we were not notified prior to our arrival that the hotel was experiencing AC issues in the entire building since Thursday. We arrived on Saturday, and left the following Wednesday. Not having circulating AC did suck, but the front desk ladies gave us a Box fan, water and discounted our stay. They couldn't change rooms because every room had AC issues. It didn't feel like a hot box in the room, my husband is just a warm person so it was hard for him to sleep at night. The box fan did help a lot. The breakfast was as good as expected for a hotel. The cinnamon rolls were tasty. I just wish they had dairy alternatives for milk choices. The hotel did upgrade us to a suite for our anniversary which was nice. The rooms were clean. The Ice machines were slow or running out, but that is expected if everyone is rushing to get ice for a warm stay. Regardless of the AC, the overall experience was still pleasant. The staff provided good service, good breakfast, and accommodated the best they could.

Hotel staff were rude. Acted like my problems with check in and that were my issues. Not there's.  I called the hotel a few days before to check on my reservation and was told I was good to go. When I made the reservation, they didn't tell me my credit card only reserved the room. Not paid for it.

The AC was not working. There was no refrigerator in the room, only an empty space where one should have been. The sink drain stopper rod was missing the knob on top, and was thus difficult to operate. Only one of the bedside lamps was fully functional. The staff allowed an unkempt homeless person to loiter (sleeping) in a booth chair of the breakfast area; he later loaded up on free food into a grocery bag. For a $372 per night room, this was the worst value and worst experience I've encountered at a Holiday Inn Express.

Would give 0 stars if I could. AC wasn't working and they wouldn't do anything for me at the hotel besides give me a box fan. Which time we got done eating supper it was still 78-80. Won't be staying at another holiday inn again.

There is a reason this hotel is no longer called the Brown Palace Annex. Not only can you not control the temperature in the room, the hotel knows it and Rather than advise you of such when you check in they just stick a cheap plastic box fan in the closet. It was so warm in the room, Even with the curtains completely closed, I actually contemplated going across the street to the bathroom at the brown palace which was very nicely air conditioned. Don't plan to be able to lie in bed at night And watch the news because the fan is so loud! Don't expect to be able to plug anything in next to the bed because all of the outlets are too loose to hold a charger. And remember to leave the bathroom light on all night so that the phone you plug in in there actually charges. This is most helpful if you have an alarm set so that you can get to the airport on time. Be aware that there is not an ice machine on every floor and the ones that are there, do not all function. On the plus side, the water pressure is great and there's plenty of hot water. I can't believe I wasted my one free anniversary night on this awful hotel.

Got there checked in went to room and then called front desk due to the air conditioning not working and they suggested a fan which does not work when it is 102 degrees outside it was the absolute worst stay I have ever had with any IHG property no power their solutions at all

Both of our rooms are execively hot at 77/78 and the A/C is non adjustable.  And all they offered was fans in the closet. There is no airflow. Horrible hotel. Front desk said the entire building is the same.  Leaving for another hotel and getting my refund

We wanted to love our stay in downtown Denver. Unfortunately even with the thermostat set at 68, our room on the 20th floor remained at 79 degrees throughout the night. We also used the valet service to park our car and when we asked for it to be retrieved in the morning, it took 10 minutes for them to bring us the wrong vehicle? We will not stay at this property again. The only thing we enjoyed was the location for convenience and the breakfast.

I chose this hotel for my daughter and her friend to stay at for their trip to a concert in Denver. They are not quite 21, but the mobile app did not state there were any age restrictions for check in. I called the hotel several days in advance to make sure there would be no problems and was assured it would be ok since I was not traveling with them. When they arrived, the manager and staff refused them check in and told them they would have to leave. I got on the phone with the manger who did not seem to care that they had no where else to go; she finally agreed to let them stay one night. I had to drive up to Denver and find another hotel, not an IHG, for myself and the young adults because she had cancelled their second night stay. In addition to the problems checking in, my daughter told me their room was really hot. I called the manger back to let her know I was driving up and that the room was hot, she informed me that the AC was down in the entire hotel and that it would not be back up that day or even the next. She said they had fans for the rooms, but there were none availble when my daughter went to ask for one. They had to walk to Target to buy fans just to make their night bearable. I don't generally write reviews, good or bad, but I felt this experience warrented a review. I will never stay at this location again.

I booked this room through Expedia and was quoted a specific price. When the charge was posted, it was significantly more. We didn't have any additional expenditures, and left the room as we found it. I reached out to customer service, and they said it would take several days for "review." Totally disappointed with their customer service. This is something that should be easily resolved. Don't book here, unless you want to be over charged.

Great location and clean rooms, but the rooms do not have individual temperature controls, and the building’s weak, outdated HVAC system struggled to cool the building in the summer.  The high indoor temperature due to the very weak air conditioning made it tough to sleep.

I would strongly caution anyone from booking this hotel — especially if you're traveling on business or as part of an organization. First, there was no air conditioning in the entire hotel or accessible water.|I recently stayed here as part of a professional trip arranged by my organization, who provided their corporate card to reserve and pay for my room. At check-in, I explicitly confirmed with staff that my personal card would not be charged — I was told the room was already prepaid and that, at most, a small incidental hold of $50 might be placed. This turned out to be completely false.|Without notifying me or getting my consent, the hotel charged my personal card over $700. I was never informed that an additional authorization form was required from the organization, and the hotel staff was clearly confused about how their own payment system worked. When I brought this up, they did not offer a solution besides waiting days for the organization to get back to me. It is Saturday, and it could be days before they do - not to mention how long it takes the bank to issue a refund. I had to escalate to corporate, who admitted that a refund was owed and told me the hotel would contact me to resolve it.|Despite this, I have yet to receive a call from staff about my refund. Because of the reviews here on Google about being double charged and not refunded, I am hesitant to give them the card from my organization.|This is not just poor service — it is an unauthorized transaction, and under the Fair Credit Billing Act, I reserve the right to dispute such transactions with the card issuer. I now have no travel funds due to the hotel’s negligence.|This hotel misled me at check-in, failed to inform me of their policies, and made a major financial decision on my behalf without my permission. A refund is not a favor — it is the only ethical and legal response to what happened.

Not a fan of downtown hotels. Pay way too much for parking and traffic is horrific. Add no A/C or ice maker on a day with 100 degree temps and changing room from reservation to a cubicle was not expected.

Room was dingy and the AC struggled at best. Over priced and over taxed fir a sub par room, but that’s the holiday inn way. The front desk staff were not very into their jobs and breakfast was put away early so I didn’t get to eat.

Beware of this property. A/C not working! Was told by staff that they had no repair personnel working on it, was informed by another staff member that told us it has been out for about 2 weeks prior to my arrival, and don't count on it getting repaired anytime soon.

walls are paper thin. the couple in the room next to us argued for a good half hour at 2am, would’ve been mad if i wasn’t so invested. was seriously thrilling, felt like i was right there arguing with them.
i did find a hair in the bathroom tho which def wasn’t mine, was seriously nasty so minus 1 star for that but plus 4 for the free dramatic retelling of my parents’ separation

No AC and the staff have zero sense of urgency to fix or provide any kind of service recovery. It’s 98 F in Denver.

We are staying here from June 15 2025. We leave June 20, 2025. AC not working for the whole time we where here. Staff trying best to make it conferable. We had no choice but to stay here .

Uncomfortable air and ventilation and building in desperate need of updates.  Stay somewhere else!

The AC in all the rooms went out prior to our arrival and the hotel failed to inform us so we had the option to make other arrangements. Then continued to not inform us upon checkin. We didn’t learn until we got to our room and couldn’t get the rooms to cool down. The front desk was willing to check us out but refused any refunds or compensation in any form. We had paid for two rooms for three nights so we were stuck. Outside temps were in the 90s the entire trip. We spent far more money than planned finding activities to do in air conditioned buildings avoiding going back to our hotel. Quality sleep was impossible. I realize things happen, but the hotel should have communicated and compensated their guests, not just told them sorry, it is what it is, you’ll have to deal with it. Very poor plan when you’re in the customer service industry. 

Beyond the air conditioning issue, I would have possibly recommended this hotel for a great downtown location if you’re looking for a family friendly decent quality and budget friendly hotel. Beds were not terrible. Cleanliness and upkeep of the hotel was not amazing but satisfactory. Rooms and small and bathrooms super tight. Vending left something to be desired with not many options. Breakfast was decent and well stocked but typical hotel breakfast quality. Staff was very friendly, just not helpful at all for the situation.

Worst Holiday Inn Express stay I have ever had. First room had no working AC. Had to stay in that room for 2 nights. 2nd room had AC, but no working phone. Had to call down to the valet from the hallway house phone every time.
Valet was really slow with retrieving the car. 10-20 minutes on average. Waited 25 min once for the car.

Good: gym,  location,  breakfast
Bad: old hotel,  unfriendly staff

Toilet was already clogged when we arrived, instead of fixing it they just changed our room. No AC in any rooms (confirmed with other guests), and the room reached 84 degrees. No hot water in second room. Water from the faucet was cloudy and likely not safe to drink. Ice machine had mold in it. Room was cramped, pullout bed was stained, outlets were cracked or didn’t work, the second room was missing its lamp entirely, toilets didn’t flush properly (even the one not clogged), bathroom was cramped you can’t even reach for toilet paper without hitting your elbow on the counter, the room was tiny, fitted sheets didn’t fit, and there were nail clippings not vacuumed previously. No parking available other than an overpriced valet service. Overall terrible, and the unclean water is unacceptable.

Checked in today and air conditioning isn’t working. Room is 78 degrees. Front desk gave me a fan but not ideal to be sleeping in a room that is 78… should have been notified a head of time so we could have booked a different hotel.

Pathetic staff

The air conditioning isn’t working and the front desk barely ever answers the phone . We would like a refund as we used our credits to book this room and haven’t had AC the whole time and they said it won’t be fixed till tommorow when we check out

Great for the price

Their rooms are too hot to sleep in.  They know this is and has been a problem so they have purchased an abundance of box fans to placate guests!  Dirty cleaning cloths were left on our countertop and the linen and cleaning supplies door was left open.  I guess extra towels are self-serve.

Stayed here on a weekend trip to see a baseball game. The hotel is conveniently located near restaurants and transportation which was great. The hotel is okay. They offered daily breakfast which was just okay, but the coffee was excellent. Beds were comfortable but the room overall was just okay. Trying to get the thermostat to the right setting was a bit difficult, but that's just nitpicking.

Many room issues; AC out in hotel for hours producing high temperatures and high humidity.  Lamp out on one side of bed obviously a chronic problem.  Sink backed up/broken.  Smallest room I’ve ever seen nearly unlivable for 2 people.  Breakfast not available for early departure.

The hotel does not have working air conditioning.  The Front Desk's solution is to provide a box fan.  During my stay it hit 90f in Denver creating a dangerous situation in unventilated guest rooms.  Based on prior reviews this is an ongoing situation that for some reason management refuses to address.  The hotel should be shut down until the AC is restored, this is a big liability issue! The 2 stars is purely for the location and the poor Front Desk staff that has to deal with the complaints.

Before you book read this. I booked a hotel room on Priceline holiday inn express denver and paid online   Upon arriving i was charged a new charge of  190. 57 and I asked if it was for incidentals authorization and they said no it the cost of the hotel. And i said no i paid on priceline. the hotel said it would fall of at the time of check in and it ended up charging me 121. 53, no difference of the 190.57 munis the incidental hold they authorized on my card even though I told them I already paid on priceline they said this charged would fall off of hold in 5 to  business days and if It didnt to call the hotel.  I called back and they said manager was out of town until Monday. I called back Tuesday and I have called the hotel 6 times since with no call back or follow up or email. I  asked to talk to a manger before I even left and the property and they had no one authorized there to help. Lack of initiative, help,and customer service. Do not book with this hotel. It is a scam.

Positive: Friendly desk people. Very helpful. Negative: Our bedroom was near, the other side of the wall, to the room next to us front door. That door bangs loudly every time it shut. Made us jump. Like a gun going off, very loud.

Nice little hotel for the price however it advertised as having a pool, mini refrigerator and microwave and it had none of the above.

Although the Holiday Inn Express-Downtown Denver is in an excellent location, our stay was complicated with HVAC and tub draining issues. Although the staff tried to help us with them, their aid proved unsuccessful. As a last minute solution, we were given a different room. 
I give the property three stars as I like the location and the breakfast furnished was good. However, our stay was marred because of the issues we encountered and hope other guests don’t deal with similar problems.

Hotel is in a great location but our air conditioner was out. Their solution was to bring a fan. Our room was so freaking hot.

The parking fees will not be covered in your room charge, and they overcharged me and didnt provide a receipt. Its not as good of a deal once you get the final bill

We could not control the thermostat and when I went to the front desk and asked for someone to go in to turn the air on the room was still extremely hot. Thankfully, the front desk had fans we could use.

No room service and no early check out. This location has a one night charge for early check out even for IHG members..

As I walked into the hotel I was not greeted nor acknowledged I felt like I did not belong there. There was no “hello welcome give us moment to help you” no nothing. The two ladies said nothing other than “I need to see your ID and card used to reserve the room” I didn’t say anything until my partner had also felt the same way. They definitely need to work on their customer services.

Positive: Location and price were okay since the rest of Denver was busy. Negative: My restroom door didn't close quite right, but that wasn't too big of a deal. I had to request a different room cause the thermostat didn't work in my first room. It also did NOT show a display in the 2nd room but the AC did work.

Finding the parking was challenging. Staff was great, rooms were clean. My room was smaller than the other one in our party and didn't have a refrigerator or microwave.

I was not happy with the HVAC/Heat systems at the property.  It was very cold in my room and I was informed that heat to building had already been turned off for the season.  Maintenance brought a portable heater in my room, he told me he had delivered many due to other guest complaints.  Even the front desk had one.  That was not what I expected at the Holiday Inn, what a fire hazard!  The toilet was set at an angle and you could not even fully open the lid to the toilet.  I've never seen such a poor design.  The room was so noisy, you could hear all the hallway noise, and I could even hear my adjacent guest singing in her shower.  The "free" breakfast was not good.  Eggs had no taste at all and there was a homeless person in the eating area.  It made me very uncomfortable.  It was not a good experience at all.

Positive: Location Negative: ""

You will not find better accommodation in Denver than the Holiday Inn Express! The room rates and the connection to the Brown Palace only makes it better. The quality of the rooms and other facilities is excellent. I strongly recommend this hotel.

No me quedé pero se observa bien. La ubicación está muy buena👍

We were immediately upgraded to a suite upon check-in which was really nice. The room was clean and the location was great. We also had a bunch of ski gear that I was nervous to leave in the car overnight. The receptionist happily helped me get all of my gear and secured it at the front desk for us. It was really nice. Overall, it was a great stay. Standard breakfast for a Holiday Inn Express.

Was in the area for a conference. The room was in a perfect location near the event center. The staff was very nice and welcoming. The location itself is old and seems like they've tried upgrading and updating decor and amenities. But it's still kinda old. The room wasn't entirely clean when I arrived and that was disappointing. Also there's obvious damage in the rooms. You also can't control the temperature really and the walls are thin. Despite this, the value I paid for the event was a deal and for that cost I would do it again. I probably wouldn't pay full price though.  Best part really was the breakfast.

Was in the area for a conference. The room was in a perfect location near the event center. The staff was very nice and welcoming. The location itself is old and seems like they've tried upgrading and updating decor and amenities. But it's still kinda old. The room wasn't entirely clean when I arrived and that was disappointing. Also there's obvious damage in the rooms. You also can't control the temperature really and the walls are thin. Despite this, the value I paid for the event was a deal and for that cost I would do it again. I probably wouldn't pay full price though.  Best part really was the breakfast.

The room and price were different from what I booked online. They changed the double-bed room to a single-bed room and let one of the guest sleeping on the sofa. And the way the staff solving problems were low-efficient.

I was on the 16th floor facing west when I checked in recently at 3 PM. I quickly realized how warm the room was, tried to adjust the thermostats and realized I couldn’t. I asked at the front desk if it was broken and was told they would send maintenance to come take a look. True to her word he showed up, went through the motions of checking the vents to make sure they weren’t blocked, and then told me the climate control in the hotel was centralized, and not able to be adjusted by room. He offered a fan which I gladly took. Friends who were also staying there told me the same exact story, I guess they figure it’s cheaper to buy fans for every room than to fix their air conditioning.|If you are a person that likes it warm, this may not bother you at all, but I like to be cool rather than hot. My in room coffee maker did not work my first morning. I took it downstairs and the attendant at the desk was aloof. It was Friday morning and this person wore no staff uniform/markings at all. When she looked at me like I was crazy I asked if she worked there. She said yes, and took the machine saying she would have to get housekeeping to replace it. Which happened later in the day. I did enjoy the bedding and the hot breakfast with protein. The location is good and the price is reasonable for the area but you get what you pay for.

The staff was very friendly and helpful, during our stay but there were some major issues upon arrival. I was extremely delayed due to a diverted flight but called the listed number (303)-296-0400 at 8:48PM while waiting in the grand junction airport for a new flight and told them my guest and/or I would be there as a late arrival around midnight. When my guest arrived at that time they told her our room had been given away and we had to go to Hotel Indigo. My guest had already paid for an uber from the station and had to uber back to the hotel because we hadn't been given any communication about the over-booking by phone nor email and I had been assured at 8:48 PM that my reservation at Holiday Inn would be held. This move was inconvenient for many reasons given our late night arrival and being a further distance from the convention center. The communication with this number continued to be fairly fraught, being placed on hold several times throughout the day as to whether we would have to move rooms and whether a room at Holiday Inn would be available for us the next day. It also meant taking time out of our day to check out and back into a hotel across town when we finally got answered that we would need to move out of Indigo and into Holiday Inn. This defeated the point of reserving a hotel for 4 consecutive days. Luckily Holiday Inn took care of the bill for our first night. The last night the Holiday Inn was very muggy but a kind staff member brought up a rotating fan. We also noticed some stains on the towels but didn't use those and were supplied with enough clean products to use.

Rooms do not have AC control, will need to call front desk for a plug in fan for some reason
Curtains on windows do not cover the whole window and allow excessive light in at all times
Outlets in room are 50/50 if they work
The TV channels are VERY limited
Room Service needs MONITORED since they will likely only make the bed but NOT CHANGE THE LINENS

I wish my stay could be better. We stayed there for 4 days. The staff was friendly. They offered a complimentary breakfast in the morning and coffee 24/7. However, the room's hot water did not work for half of the time we stayed, 2 nights only had freezing cold water coming out of the shower, and 2 nights had lukewarm water from the shower. It was expected to have warm water to shower in a hotel room, especially for a work trip...but the water wasn't fixed before we left. And the room had no temperature control, and the walls were thin, so it was very noisy at night. We complained about the water and the temperature. The staff sent us a space heater and extra blankets, which were helpful.

Affordable. Comfortable beds and pillows!!! Close to everything downtown. Great friendly service. Highly recommend.

Stephanie was AMAZING. She made my stay perfect. Ask for her

I stayed here 3 days for a conference. The hotel did not have hot running water for my entire stay. When I spoke to a hotel representative the first day, I was advised to run the water for at least 15 minutes. I ran the water for an hour each day and there was no change. Besides having to take cold showers, not having appropriate heat for a building is a health and safety issue. Day two of my stay, I stayed with a colleague at another hotel. For the amount of money I paid for my stay and only being there 2/3 nights that I paid for, I was miserable and I did not have a great experience. There was also food from other rooms in my hall that had food sitting on the floor for several days.

Super disappointed about its service. And it even has no crediworthness！ I ordered two double beds room but they only offer one bed room. The room has no microwave, no fridge, no anything like a standardized service a normal hotel should prepare. Won't consider Holiday Inn Express any more!

Keep updating the rooms. Thermostat didnt work.  The bathroom layout was just odd.  Food was pretty good. Ice machine was down.  Decent pillows!

Booked in for a week , the room was very cold , the engineer brought us a heater . The staff were very polite but didn’t understand when I asked about gluten free food . The only safe food was eggs. So breakfast was awful . This morning there was no hot water , had to have a cold shower . I went to reception to complain and the lady said regarding gluten free they don’t do it & I said that’s not what the web site says , she said maybe they used to , as for the cold water she would report it . She was very dismissive. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Very disappointed.

Positive: The staff was very helpful. Negative: No option to control own temperature.  And only parking  option on site was valet.  And it cost $50

Worst IHG hotel..
Air condition was not working, toilet flush wasn't working..

We stayed for seven nights. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and well kept and convenient to everything in downtown Denver including three rental car companies. My wife and I like to have air moving at night and the staff brought two very nice fans to our room. The only issue was that half way through our stay the hotel switched from the usual coffee urns to two automated coffee machines.They are a little slow and a line would form depending on the number of people in the breakfast area. Coffee being a big part of most people’s day. I’d go back to the urns. But other than that the stay was really nice.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We had a really terrible experience. The A/C in the hotel was out but they didn't tell us that. They said they would come turn the temperature down in our room (it was 76 degrees), but then they just left a fan. The staff gave us attitude when we asked about it. The rooms are run down and very small. The breakfast area was decent but they closed it early so that when a disabled gentleman came down a few minutes before 10am they had to find someone to go behind the closed doors to get him some food.

The condition of the hotel was terrible. There was no temperature control in the rooms. Our concerns were disregarded. We were set to stay for 4 nights and checked out after the first. I was told the manager would contact me and I never heard from anyone.

My five day stay here was fine but far from perfect. I turned off my HVAC when I arrived because it was cold in the room but the cold air never stopped flowing from the vent. I don't think the thermostat was connected to the actual heat/air. I took a Luke warm shower 3 times out of five as there simply wasn't enough hot water at certain times of the day. Otherwise the bed was very comfortable and thankfully they gave me an extra cozy blanket to make up for the lack of heat. Staff was friendly and helpful. Coffee downstairs was very convenient.

Don’t stay here. You cannot control AC in the rooms. If you are stuck with a room facing south the experience will be very bad. Try any other hotel except this one.

The location and the price was the draw in as I was attending a conference at the Colorado Convention Center. Good thing I was staying alone because I would not have been comfortable sharing that room with another person. I had a room with one bed and was very disappointed to arrive and learn that there was no refrigerator or microwave in the room. Luckily I was traveling with a group and some had a room with two double beds so I was able to put a few things in their fridge. This was bothersome because I would have to coordinate when and how I would retrieve something from their fridge rather than being able to do it on my own time. I imagine this caused greater annoyance for those who are not traveling with others but would like to store their perishable food.

The room looked and felt run down. There were no lamps, the only lighting choice was overhead lamps.

My stay in this hotel was great. I was on the top floor with a nice view. It was very quiet and pleasant. Staff was very responsive and attentive. I highly recommend this Holiday Inn hotel. Breakfast was fresh and hot.

I stayed 3 nights with no heat during a snow storm.  The thermostat did not work.  The rooms are small and the placement of the TV you can not watch while in bed.

How we going to pay full price for an overnight room for two without AC??!!

This hotel has terrible service. They have me in room where the light above the bed did not work. I called and the front desk guy had the temerity to tell me that I should use the other lights in the room.  I wonder if he would like to also tell me how to live the rest of my life while paying full price for a hotel room. Do NOT choose this hotel.  It is not good.

Next to the 16th street mall so it’s a nice location. Breakfast was good and the area was kept fairly clean. Hotel staff was not always friendly, but the woman during the day was nice.

The hotel was a good location for downtown activities in a safe, walkable neighborhood.  The staff was the best part.They were courteous and very helpful.

Location is really nice. It’s walking distances from a ton of nice restaurants.

That’s about the only good thing to say about it. There’s no a/c so it’s gotten hot. You have to pay $50/night for parking which is crazy. Find somewhere cheaper near by.

Sucks having to pay a ton for parking, I feel like it should be included. Rooms are clean but not updated. Also was really hot in our room with no ac option.

After being stranded by an airline. We were exhausted! I can't say enough kind words about Ms. Vicky at the Holiday Inn Express Downtown Denver, Colorado. She was a Godsend! She was extremely kind, understanding, most helpful and professional. Thank you Ms. Vicky; much appreciated!

Our room rate was very reasonable and we were upgraded on check-in. The front desk generously stored our extra baggage so we didn’t have to worry about it in the car overnight. Breakfast was typical Holiday Inn Express, which has decent variety and quality. Overall, we had a great stay.

ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! This hotel is a complete DISASTER! I booked through a third party, thinking I was all set, but NOPE! They decided to DOUBLE CHARGE my card! First, a full stay charge PLUS their ridiculous "incidental fee," and then, just for kicks, ANOTHER incidental fee! Are they running a scam?! And don't even get me STARTED on the room! Peeling paint in the bathroom? Check! A WINDOW THAT LOOKS LIKE IT'S ABOUT TO FALL OUT?! Absolutely! And the cleaning? HA! Hairs plastered to the bathroom walls! DISGUSTING!
Trying to get ahold of the front desk? FORGET ABOUT IT! They don't answer their phones! Then, to add insult to injury, my key wouldn't work when I went to my car! I stood outside in the FREEZING COLD for FIFTEEN MINUTES waiting for someone to show up! And the best part? When I finally got through to them about the DOUBLE CHARGE, all they offered was a refund of THEIR MISTAKE! Like that magically fixes the fact that I'm now paying MORE than I should have! And now they've LOST the transaction for the extra deposit they charged me! They're basically STEALING my money and acting like they don't care! This place is a JOKE!

嗯，被拒絕，因為信用卡無法使用；刷過頭。

Nice staff at night and comfy place

Located just down the street from 16th Street.Mall, the Paramount Theatre, and all things downtown. Comfy beds, nice workout space.  You must use valets for overnight parking but they are quick and professional. Breakfast is included.

Everything was great.  But being from Wisconsin my only complaint was the thermostat would only go down to 68.  I was sweating my ... off.

The view wasn't good at all, just looking out at the other building next to it

I have been a customer of this hotels and this hotel has not been renovated therefore you possibly will find yourself in a very uncomfortable situation.

The hotel has a great location, valet service, clean, organized and good price.

The thermostat mounted to the wall lets you set the target temperature, but the air conditoning makes no attempt to reach said temperature. This is problematic when the default temperature is 75f and you would like to sleep.

The front desk was very nice about it, but my best recourse was a fan and a cold shower because they made no attempt to fix the A/C.

The hotel only had central a/c. My room was 75 degrees and they said there was nothing they could. The rooms do not have their own a/c until and it only get air from the until shared by the whole hotel. I was told that the hotel was in winter mode and that Noone of the rooms will be cooler. Worse still ever. Hate to say that but trying to sleep in 75 degrees is h3ll!

Overall a nice hotel and would consider staying here again. My biggest complaint is that I happened to have my room next to what sounded like a large group, and the walls didn’t sound insulated at all. I could hear full conversations from their room. I was just unfortunate enough in this since they would be up all night. This made it extremely hard to get any quality sleep.

The hotel was very clean, updated, and the staff was good.  The valet was especially helpful.  Unfortunately, the room temperature wouldn't adjust to lower than 68 degrees for sleeping, the shower didn't drain, the sink seemed to drain into the shower and the the sink stopper was broken.

Nice rooms, friendly staff and the breakfast is the bomb!

Business travel, they gave me a room where the shower was not working at all, then they moved me to another room but gave the first room to my colleague under the promise that the shower was working, it never worked and when he complained they promised to fix the shower, they never did anything. There were potato chips in the floor of the elevator two days in a row. The staff was never helpful. Avoid this hotel.

Truly disappointed with the reservation manager. Booked for two nights then a mishap on our way there affected our plan-- a fillup at gas station turn out to be water and we had to have car towed and stay at another Holiday Inn Express in Lincoln, NE. Same hotel company, different locations and they profited from our "ghost stay" at one while we were actually at another of their locations. They were NOT reachable the first evening so we had to keep trying the next morning and finally got ahold of them in the afternoon. They did not want to give full refund. Really disappointed at how cold the manager was and didn't care about this circumstance beyond our control.

There’s mixed feelings here! But for sure invest in remodeling is key for me to stay again!

Unfriendly staff, lobby, breakfast area unclean, air conditioner in room didn’t work well, shower broken.

No heat working in the room, sent a person up and he couldn't get it going so he brought a portable electrical heater up, it was not safe to sleep with that on all night, no hot water working, sent a person up and he turned hot water on and off under the sink, ran the sink, and then flushed the toilet 3 times and hot water started coming out, true story-
Then tried to plug up my CPAP machine but none of the plug ups on the lights worked so I pulled out the bed a little and plugged it into the wall outlet behind the bed and it worked. I got ready for bed and turned the light off at the front door, got in the bed and the CPAP wasn't working. Got back up and turned the light on at the door and it worked on the wall outlet, so I had to sleep with the light on all night to use my CPAP. Terrible experience in an IHG hotel,

The continental breakfast was great with plenty of options. Also the front desk went out of their way to help make my experience the best it could be.

I actually liked my stay there until the last day. My friends were in another room and had an issue with their door (it didn't shut). The personal was very kind and offered their help immediately but couldn't solve the issue. The person on the reception gave us a telephone number to which we should reach out to get a refund or something. Unfortunately after 3 unsuccessful calls we wrote an email. They answered they don't remember us, which was bullshit because when we checked out they claimed we only have to contact them again to get a refund. So all in all a very sad ending to a trip which was good until that.

Just a very "meh" place. The staff (with the exception of the valets and the breakfast staff) were overall not very helpful or friendly. The rooms are in desperate need of a refresh and the heating/cooling not working is a major drag. We also had a weird experience which genuinely felt like some sort of scam at first where apparently the person who checked us in put the wrong room number into their system, so when housekeeping went to our room to prep it for who was actually meant to stay their they were obviously surprised to find our things there. Whoever was working the front desk then rifled through our things in order to find who was in the room, since our information was connected to a completely different room. It all was worked out in the end, but something I can say I have never had happen at any other hotel ever. Not, like, the worst place I've ever stayed but will not likely be visiting again.

Das Hotel ist Zentral gelegen, um einen positiven Aspekt zu nennen.

Leider muss man lange auf warmes Wasser in der Dusche warten.

Als eine große Frechheit kann ich den Check-out bezeichnen. Mir wurde zugesichert, dass ich eine Nacht meiner fünf Nächte aufgrund eines defekten Türschloss erstattet bekomme. Nachdem ich Denver verlassen habe, konnte sich keiner von der Rezeption an diese Auskunft erinnern.

Room was small, very small queen beds but comfortable. Only one big light option in room. No fan and can not control room temp. Ex small bathroom. NO HOTWATER.   Presents as nice to fancy hotel but basic. Have to pay for valet and they Park Car  blocks away, not parked in hotel garage.

The water was cold or hot!   They couldn't make it, warn.

Great value. Felt very safe downtown. Room was nice and clean

Hotel has a good location and the rooms are clean. Now the bad things: you can’t change the temperature of your room (you have to request that at the front desk). No fridge and microwave in the room and no warm water in the bathroom.

Shower leaked water all over the floor. When I asked for more towels the gentleman at the front desk told  me there was no way I could get more towels bc housekeeping left for the day.
I will never stay here again. Service was an absolute joke.

I stayed at this hotel for two nights while in town for business. The staff at the hotel were very friendly.  My low rating is not a reflection on the staff but on the condition of the hotel. My room had no lamps. The only lighting was from overhead fixtures. The room was rundown and furniture very dingy. The room also didn't have a clock and all of the outlets were old and located behind furniture meaning I had to move things and get on my hands/knees to plug devices in. Also the plugs fit loosely in sockets not securely.  The bathroom was so small I couldn't shut the door if using the toilet. Thankfully I was staying alone so it was not a major issue.

The bathtub drain did not work properly. After taking a warm bath to defrost from the single digit temps, the tub sat full of water.  I didn't have time alert the hotel staff before leaving for the day but hoped housekeeping would see the issue and report it.  I returned 13 hours later only to find the tub still full of water even though housekeeping had serviced the room. I ended up having to sit on the floor and manually drain the tub for 15 minutes.

The walls of the hotel are paper thin and I could hear talking, alarm clocks and televisions from all the neighboring rooms.

I used the valet service because there was no street parking available and heavy road construction made walking anywhere around the outside of the hotel very difficult. I forgot the green valet ticket in my car which has the phone number to call for the car. I called the front desk to be transferred to  the Valet t  I had to call 5 different times because the call kept disconnecting after it was transferred by the front desk. I eventually gave up and just went down to the lobby to request the car.

I will not return to this hotel and would not recommend it to others. I typically love IHG properties but this one is not up to their normal standards based on my experience.

Decent hotel. More than adequate location to rest during your stay in Denver. Located across the street from and somewhat adjoined to the Brown Palace. We used to stay at the Brown, however it is outrageously expensive and starting to get rundown. This hotel is now our hotel of choice. You can still enjoy the history and some amenities of the Brown without having to pay the exorbitant price. Spacious rooms with separate living/ sleeping space. Friendly staff. Walking distance to several shops, restaurants, etc.

This is an old building, keep that in mind. The rooms are updated fairly well, bed was comfortable. The thermostat was not working and our room was freezing. The front desk was very helpful. He explained why and said they are working on resolving the issue.

호텔은 깨끗하고 켄벤션센터까지 멀지 않아 위치도 좋습니다.다만 실내 온도 조절이 안됩니다. 등도 불이 안들어오는것도 있구요조식은 간단하고 먹을만 합니다.

My stay at this hotel was very disappointing, mainly because of the poor behavior and service provided by Mr. Mahmoud and his manager.

Upon arrival, Mr. Mahmoud refused to assist me with my luggage, despite clearly seeing that I required help. Later, I noticed him happily assisting another guest who appeared perfectly fit and had no medical condition. When I questioned this unfair treatment, he became nervous and started saying, “My manager told me, wallah, the customer is unable to walk.” I simply responded that guests should be treated equally with good service and left the matter there.

To make matters worse, I was initially given a room on the 4th floor where maintenance and construction work was ongoing, despite the fact that I had booked a long stay of seven days. When I requested a room change due to the disturbance, Mr. Mahmoud reacted unhappily, as if I had asked for his personal room instead of requesting basic comfort as a paying guest.

The room service experience was also extremely poor. The staff would not bring basic items such as plates or spoons to the room and expected guests to come downstairs and collect them personally. Additionally, whenever I urgently needed water, my calls were repeatedly ignored by the same staff member, even though he was fully aware of my room number.

I strongly believe Mr. Mahmoud and his manager require proper hospitality and customer service training. Guests are paying customers and deserve to be treated with respect and professionalism, not as though they are asking for favors or staying for free.

I sincerely hope the hotel management takes this feedback seriously and improves the quality of guest service in the future.

Attention la ventilation souffle comme un réacteur d'avion, nous avons changé de chambre pour essayer de trouver mieux mais c'était le même problème, climatisation à revoir, très bruyante.. Karim de la réception a était très gentil heureusement.

Excellent service Madu and Madushan From Housekeeping and I will recommended.

That was such a joyful staycation! Great rooms, excellent cleanliness alongside breakfast is a good compliment and more than enough. Additionally I would like to thank Mahmoud from the reception team. This is what can be called the outstanding service delivery. Not only by the smile but by the actions and knowing his guests during the stay. This man deserves the raise!!!
Would definitely recommend the hotel and would love to comeback again

الموقع لطلاب الجامعات مميز واسعار مناسبة

Thank you dev  for your dedication and great service. It truly makes a difference.

My stay was nice in this hotel . And the room cleaning was very good. Thanks house keeping . Specially dev and Mr Karim from reception

Excellent customer service housekeepers Zain and Madushan.

Great service and staff thank you irun and madushan

I  had a great breakfast experience. The two staff  Arafat and Mily members were very friendly, polite, and attentive throughout my visit. They made me feel welcome and well taken care of. Excellent service thank you!. 😊

Really appreciate from front desk and housekeeping team . Dev from housekeeping and Karim from reception good job

Great work from housekeeping team. Thank you Mr karim and dev for your assistance

Madushan is the best housekeeping person🙏

Good 👍🏻 service by Mr. Madushan from hk side.

Best stay ever nice rooms neat and clean best thanks to Zain and Madushan and chef zakriya

Thank you Zain and  madushan

Special thanks to Madushan,Zain and karim for making us feel so welcomed and valued. The service was top-tier!

Awesome 😎 experience

Best stay ever the staff was very professional thanks to staff Madushan Zain and Karim was best

Good service by zain and madushan and karim thanks guysss

Hotel was nice neat and clean room great thanks to zain and madushan they are very kind and helping

Many thanks to Chef Zakaria for accomodating my special request for a vegetarian breakfast. That really make my day with a heartful meal at the start of the day. Also appreciate Arafat at the restaurant for his prompt and courteous service.

Thanks to all front office team and mr karim in the reception i will stay agin in the hotel

Most professional  staff is Mr karim and zain and madushan

Thanks all front office team specially Mr Karim the duty manger the new bar and Spa very nice

I stayed here for over two weeks and had a very comfortable experience. The rooms were nice, the bed was comfortable, and the breakfast had a good variety.

The staff were always polite, welcoming, and helpful, which made my stay pleasant throughout. The housekeeping team also did an excellent job in keeping the room clean and well organized.

A special thanks to Arafat for taking great care of the dining area and for his kind support during my stay.

Overall, it was a wonderful experience, and I would be happy to recommend this hotel to others.

Professional check-in process,memorable, and comforting experiences Thank you Zain,Madushan and Madu.

Good serviss providing All staff from housekeeping,Rooms comfortable and clean, Thank you Madushan,Madu sepala and Rajeev.

Hotel was very elegant and the staff was very friendly with coustmers
Leo madushan and madu was very good person

Hotel very clean and comfortable staff very helpful and friendly Madushan and Arnt and I will recommend❤️

Thanj you to Mr Leo from the reception fromthe exceptional service. He is the best and thank you to Ms. Cecile for a great work. Yiu guys truly deserve the best

One of the worst hotels I have stayed in. Hot air conditioning, dirty rooms, bad behavior, bad service. Keep your money and pay it somewhere else. 02/05/2026 will not repeat this hotel or any Holiday Inn chain نصيحه لكن يا اخواني فندق والله العظيم سيء جدا ادفع شوي اكثر وروح شوفلك شي انظف واحسن من ناحية الخدمه نصيحه خاصة اذا عندك شغل او راجع تعبان

Special thanks to Sumana, Rachel, Karen, kenneth n camille, Cecilia and the Egyptian bosses!
Excellent and Friendly staff

Great stay and nice staff. Special mention to Mr Leo of the reception. Nice guy. Thank you

اجمل واحلى ومذاق رائع في مطعم بواظ أجواء حلوة وخدمات مميزة من فريق العمل وعلى راس القائمة رجيف الغالي

I’m giving 5 start to Thanks Cecille she’s professional lady, on time always and she makes my stay more comfortable.

1 start for the carpet it’s dirty and if you want to stay for a long time take in mind that its not allowed to use microwave in the kitchen!.

I really enjoyed my stay the room was so quiet, and I was able to work and relax comfortably. Mr. Leo at the reception was very welcoming and friendly. I’ll definitely come back again.

Good hotel for business trips comparing price and value, nice location, friendly and attentive front desk.

Очень вежливые работники на ресепшене. Приятные впечатления оставили
-

Очень вежливые работники на ресепшене. Приятные впечатления оставили
-

Best service and the receiptionist leo is very kind and helpful.

100⭐
For both  Ms.Rachel and Sir.Leo are a pleasure to work with. They are exceptionally soft-spoken and professional, handling my complex query with great care and patience. I appreciated their polite communication style, which made a stressful situation much easier, also wanted to say thank you to Mr.Eng.Elmer, and the housekeeping members are very helpful and respectful all of them are  Highly recommended!..Thank you sooooooooo much

The duty manger mr karim more thanks  tge hotel have very big and nice bar i enjoy

Excellent stay, staff are very accommodating and assisting to guest. Recommended next stay.

Good staff, friendly attitude, taking good care of you. Excellent check in. Taking care of safety. Comfortable atmosphere and good location.

Thanks to all staff for the stay in holiday inn express dubai Internet City thanks mr karim

All staff thanks Mr Karim The WiFi not good very week signal all okay thanks again

All the staff with mr karim and all reception team the bar staff also and the food there

Good place to stay with. Nice rooms and good staffs specially Mr Leo from the Reception. Thank you

Thanks madu sepala,Rajeev,gaurav and Nipesh for your excellent service

Thanks Madhu Sepala, Nipesh and Rajeev for very best services..Highly Recommended

I like the ambiance..its very nice..thanks to the room attendant Cecille who always clean my room.highly recommended also the supervisor Rajeev for always greeting me

Excellent stay and superb staffs. Well maintained room and facilities. Would like to appreciate the assistance of Mr Leo from the reception for a great service.

Good servicesThe location is good personal ..reception really good.buffet breakfast eally good

Thank you Mr Leo for great Service

The best staff services thanks mr karim and all reception team the break fast good and tge bar

Thanks to all staff mr karim the duty manger handling all proplem we faced all staff good

Good location and nice room. Good service and very friendly staff thanks to Mr Leo from the reception

All staff and hotel was nice have nice bar also thanks mr karim and all front office team and hk also bar and resturant

Thanks to all staff karim and zain and racheal and leo and chandrah the hotel good but need renveation

Stay was fantastic. Beds are comfy. Breakfast great and amazing staff. Special mention to Mr Leo the Night Manager for a great assistance and support throughout our stay. Kudos team!

Great stay, huge room, but could do with some upkeep. Breakfast had huge variety of items, overall great business stay

Everything was good smooth checkin and check out

Thank you for a wonderful stay and thabk Mr Leo for the asisstance

The staff were very courteous. Requested for bedsheets to be changed at check-in and within 5 min it was being changed, Guarav was great.

The front desk staff, Karim and Leo, were incredibly hospitable as well. Very accommodating for requests, nice service.

Room was quiet, no noise. Good parking. Although the cleanliness of the room should be worked on.

Good services Madushan and zain and rachel

Hotel was excellent staff was great very hard worker thanks to madushan Zain and rachel

Excellent costumer services Rechel zain and madushan

Hotel was nice neat and clean room was nice staff was very welcoming great thanks to rachel zain and madushan

Good service Madushan and zain.

As always, very pleasant stay, check-in smooth and welcoming thanks to Richel, who was very professional and friendly, I also really appreciated Lieo for kindly assisting with a late check-out, which made my departure much more comfortable, great service and a positive experience overall. Thank you!

The staff at the reception aren’t professional and didn’t recognize me as a priority member

Very Good service Madushan and Madu❤️❤️

Holiday Inn Express Dubai - Internet City is generally praised for its clean, comfortable rooms, attentive staff, and convenient location for business travelers, often described as excellent value for money.||Staff very help fully Thanks Madushan and Rishtha. ❤️❤️❤️

Thank you for great service provided by Mr Leo. Good room and nice breakfast.

Excellent service Madushan and Irun from Housekeeping.

All thanks to Mr Karim a lot of stay in the hotel always stay in holday inn express Dubai internet city

The bar of the hotel very nice and huge good design also the staff good some good musice

Why require for too much review, if not 50 characters wasn't able to submit my review? Why like this?

comfy beds and amazing staffs specially Mr Leo from the reception

Great stay and nice rooms. Thank you Mr Leo for the helps

Rachel and Madushan giving good service

Madushan and Rachel  excellent services

Thank you so much for a good stay Mr Leo very helpful.

Thank you so much for a nice day mr.Leo

Thanks to mr karim and all staff of the hotel the hotel very nice to stay budget hotel

Mr Leo very friendly and professional nice stay

Amazing staycation with exceptional hospitality in Dubai! 🌟
I’d like to take a moment to appreciate the wonderful front desk team for making my stay so special. The professionalism and warmth truly stood out. A special mention to Leo, who recognized my membership right away and made the check-in process incredibly fast and smooth.
Kevin from in-room dining was equally impressive—his recommendations were spot on! We tried the traditional Indian curry, and the authentic flavors instantly reminded me of Mumbai. Absolutely delicious! 🍛
The breakfast spread was fantastic, offering a wide variety of options to suit every taste. I’d also like to thank Sumana for her excellent service over the phone and for arranging a room with a beautiful view. The fruit platter was a lovely touch that made the stay even more memorable. 🍓
The hotel is definitely a great choice for both short and long stays—budget-friendly, conveniently located just a 5–7 minute walk from the metro, and featuring in-room dining, a restaurant, Muchachas outlet, and a rooftop bar. Complimentary breakfast was truly the cherry on top!
Highly recommended—thank you to the entire team for such a wonderful experience! 🙌

Had a nice stay with one of ihg hotel great thanks to Zain and madshan for ur best service

Excellent service by madushan and zain

Понравился персонал
Ничего критичного не было.

Thanks to Mr Karim for all services

Понравился персонал
Ничего критичного не было.

Thank you for nice stay. Very friendly staff like Mr leo

Karim thanks

Everything was excellent. I love this hotel and especially Rachel, she is a professional manager.

Super staff services the restaurant and the new bar very nice and modern only hotel renovation now

Thanks to Mr Karim for good service for my stay

Thanks to the resturant food is nice beshal and arafat also zain from house keeping mr karim also the duty manger

Excellent service Madushan and Zain from housekeeping and all the staff very friendly and helpful, location very good 👍 I will recommend to my friend and family thanks 🙏👍

Good service 💯 Madushan and Madu from HK

Thank you madushan and madu

Good service Madishan,Irun ànd Madu

Thank Madushan and Madu from HK

Good service Madushan and Madu from housekeeping

Thank you Madushan and Madu From Housekeeping

It imagine to stay in this hotel I like specially food and view also staff was very good Mr Madushan and Madu

Hotel was nice neat and clean room best service by zain and madushan

Excellent service Madushan and Zain

Thank you for a great assistance Mr Leo from the reception. Stay was great and fantastic. I will comeback again

the hotel is disgusting, dirty, the cleaning is very bad, it is unpleasant to sleep and walk around the room (I attached a photo of blood on the carpet). The bed was made only for 4 days and then after our request (I had to ask several times that they still deigned to remove it).|The hotel staff is not in the mood to help you at all, you couldn't ask them for anything.|I highly do not recommend this hotel, it is better to pay extra than to suffer in this place for the whole vacation.

Been here at this property for twice and got the good service from staffs. Thanks to Leo,Rachel, Karim and Hamza for taking care every time needed something.Quick response has been taken care of.Kudos to the team in the leadership of Magdy.

Good Location. Comfortable beds and good taste of breakfast. Rooms do not have bathrobes but it’s fine. Amazing staff and good service special mention to Leo from the reception. Very well done

Thanks to Rachel,Leo and Karim for excelling a good hospitality.
Be back soonest

Good service Madushan and Irun from housekeeping

Excellent service Madushan and Nipash

Oda temiz ve konforlu, günlük temizlik iyi yapılıyor. İnternet City bölgesine ulaşım kolay. Ancak kahvaltı beklentiyi karşılamıyor; seçenekler sınırlı ve taze değil. Genel olarak kısa konaklamalar için uygun, ama kahvaltı beklentisi yüksek olanlar için ideal değil. 🛏️☕

Thanks to the duty manger Mr Karim always happy and helpfully thanks to the all staff

Great service and fantastic stay. Thabk you Mr Leo for the helps

Good service Madushan and Madu.

great job by housekeeping team gaurav and madushan

Excellent service Madushan and Irun.

Good services  Madushan and Madu

Good service Madushan and Madu ❤️❤️❤️

All staff mr karim and mr mahmoud and racheal Thanks to all staff in the hotel restaurant aldo

Thanks Mr Karim and arfat and beshal from house keeping madushan and Zain thanks all staff

Recently stayed here and it was so great and fantastic. Rooms are nice. Breakfast are good and excellent staffs specially Mr Leo from the reception. He was so amazing and professional in handling all the guest. Thank you again Holiday Inn

The hotel is extremely dirty. Renovations are underway in the lobby and on the floors, the rooms are filthy, and there's a constant smell of foul incense. There's nothing around, no shops, and nowhere to go.

Perfect location comfortable room nice breakfast and amazing staff specialy leo from the reception thank you for your kind assistance

All front office team karim and racheal and zain also housekeeping madushan and chandrah

Room service staff is really helpful, especially Rajeev, Madushan the lovely Cris, Cicelia.

Ficamos 5 dias hospedados no Holiday Inn. Nesse período fomos muito bem recepcionados e atendidos pela equipe do hotel, principalmente o Leo e a Rachel que se dispuseram de atender a todas as nossas solicitações da acomodação. Foram incrivelmente atenciosos com a gente. A equipe de atendimento no salão do café da manhã e do jantar também foram muito agradáveis, sempre disponíveis e com um sorriso no rosto durante os atendimentos. Foi uma alegria muito grande tê-los nos atendendo. Nossa acomodação foi reservada com serviço de jantar incluso. No primeiro dia tivemos um pequeno problema, mas que foi contornado nos dias seguintes. Até pudemos participar de um jantar de comemoração do Ramadã, que foi um verdadeiro banquete. O café da manhã sempre muito farto e com grande variedade de opções. Foi uma agradável estadia passar estes dias incríveis em Dubai, ainda mais com o apoio e suporte de uma equipe tão preparada e disposta a ajudar em todos os momentos. :)

Good service Madushan♥️

Execllent stay with yhis hotel. Good service and good hospitality care from Leonard thanks you also to Rachel

I would like commend Leo from the reception team at Holiday Inn Express Dubai Internet City. From check-in and throughout our stay, Leo showed outstanding professionalism, warmth, and efficiency. He was welcoming, attentive, and always wiling to go extra mile to ensure guests feel comfortable and well assisted. His positive attitude and genuine dedication to customer service made our experience smoothand very pleasant.

Because of the excellent service provided - especially by Leo - I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai. The staff's hospitality, convenienc3 of location, and overall experience make it a great place to stay.

Thank you, Leo, for making our stay memorable

I really enjoyed my stay at the hotel. Rooms are comfortable and staff are nice. Special thanks to Leo

Thanks to mr karim and Mahmoud also Arafat and Zain and Racheal all hotel nice and the staff

Good room, my Name is Christian
Also here’s a very good food for breakfast and dinner

Ok

Housekeeping team is great they maintain my room cleanliness..thanks to Madushan and Cris

Hotel is amazing. Thanks to the housekeeping team especially Madushan and Chris.they are amazing

I had a truly pleasant stay at Holiday Inn Express Internet City. The location is superb, perfect for business meetings and work travel, with everything conveniently close by.

What really made my experience exceptional, though, was the amazing staff. They genuinely went above and beyond to make sure I was comfortable and happy throughout my stay. A huge, heartfelt thank you to Leo for being incredibly accommodating and attentive to my needs.
it truly made all the difference.

Great service for this hotel. Location is very convenient for all. Friendly staff specially Mr Leo from the receptiobn.

Rooms are ok. Breakfast good. Excellent customer service. Good staff specially Mr. Leonard Leo. Thank you

All the staff thanks specifically mr karim and all reception team all hotel good thanks

This hotel was very close to where a member of our family lives. Labelled as an 'Express' hotel, we feel that it was as good as some of the other hotels further up in the IHG chain.

All thanks to staff resuturant and front office team thanks to mr Karim and beshal

The staff was very friendly... always willing to help with a smile to make your stay more comfortable,I will recommend Thank you Madushan and Shiva.

Great service and nice people to deal  with. Thank you Leonard for the assistance

Excellent service thank Madushan and team.

Excellent customer service 💯 housekeeping team gaurav 👍

Maulana was great at his work

Arent and Madushan from housekeeping doing good job ❤️

I love to stay in this ihg hotel because of reason good view and staff was very great thanks to Mr Madushan and team.♥️♥️

Thank you housekeeping Madushan and team❤️❤️❤️

Thank Madushan and team👍

Good service Madushan and team.

Good location. Ok pricing and service.
Free underground parking. Free breakfast included.
Rooms outdated, fridge not working, very low pressure on shower and sometimes doesn’t work, toilet takes longtime to back fill, sink losses pressure and water in the morning and evening. Phone doesnt work. Carpets need deep clean. Not IHG standards.

Hotel was originally chosen for proximity to our son’s home in Dubai and we were very pleased with the standard of accommodation and service for the reasonable price charged.  We have stayed there on numerous occasions and it has always lived up to expectation and this time the improved shower facilities were appreciated

Excellent service Thank Madushan and team 👍

Cris
is best housekeeping in Holiday Inn express hotel

Thank you maulana clening good

All the staff mr karim and racheal and leo and karin and atif also zain and madushan houskeeing

Great stay and accommodating staff specially Leonard thank you for you. You are the best

The Staff were amazingly good and organized.
Ms. Cris and Mradushan was great and helpful they are so professional to handle customers needs. The room was always clean sanitized and fresh.

Good service Madushan and team❤️

All the team of front office very professional karim and leo and Rachael and Mahmoud and atif thanks

As an IHG Gold member since 2001, I’ve stayed at IHG properties for over 25 years. Unfortunately, my recent stay at Holiday Inn Express DIC was the worst hotel experience I’ve had during that time.

The room cleanliness was unacceptable, with visible stains in several areas. This immediately lowered my confidence in the property’s standards.

The breakfast experience was even more disappointing. Although breakfast officially runs until 10:30 a.m., staff begin clearing and shutting down the area earlier. By 10:30 sharp, guests are prevented from even using the coffee machines. I was stopped from getting a coffee exactly at 10:30 a.m., which felt unnecessary and unwelcoming.

I raised the issue with both the Restaurant Manager and the General Manager, but their response lacked accountability and guest focus, which was surprising and disappointing.

After decades of loyalty to IHG, I expected much better. This property does not reflect the service standards I associate with the brand.

Thanks to all staff houskeepin and restaurant and front office team karim and zain and arafat

Thanks madu sepala  for your support and help

"The room was tidy and fresh, and the bed was remarkably comfortable—it felt like sleeping at home,staff very helpful and Friday especially Madushan and team.

Thankx madhu sepala for your help and support

Good service thank Madushan

It was a nice stay with spacious rooms compared to other hotels. Also thanks to Mr.leo and Mr.Atif and mr mahmmoud and all the staff in the receptionist, they were really helpful . Although I had some issues with loud late night parties while I had an early morning flight , other than that it was good

Thank you Holiday Inn Team for hosting me on my few days in Dubai.
I was well taken care and would like to call out my Room boy Hussain who was patient and friendly me in this new city.
The hotel is walkable from the DIC metro and also has food joints nearby

Ihg brand hotel great hotel service also great excellent service we tell friends coming to holiday inn express Dubai internet city speacily thanks Madushan

Thanks to Madushan and Cecilia for the help

Thanks to mr karim and all front office team all very nice wirh all guest thanks

Cris is very nice, friendly, respectful and works efficiently.

Thanks madu sepala for your support and help

Hotel is clean and nice for business trip.
The receptionist Rachel is very friendly and super helpful

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Excellent service! Mohammed Hussain and Madu Sudhan were extremely professional, friendly, and attentive. Their dedication to guest comfort made the stay smooth and enjoyable. Highly recommended!

Great hospitality Service provided by Leo from the reception. Thank you Holiday Inn

very nice and good service. thnx for. Shiva

I recently visited your hotel and it was one of the best experiences in terms of service. I would especially like to appreciate the housekeeping staff members, Mohamed Hussain & madushan , for his excellent work and professionalism. This two guys are truly made our stay more comfortable. Keep up the great service

Amazing stay rajeev gaurav best

great job by gaurav and rajeev

I'm very happy about my stay my experience was amazing rooms are very clean hotel staff was helpful specially thanks to Gaurav  for your kind thorough my stay see you again excellent work by gaurav and rajeev

Good service thank you Cecili and Madushan.

excellent services Thank you Madushan and Team

The room was very clean and refreshing. The bathroom was spotless, with fresh towels and essential toiletries provided daily".staff friendly and helpful especially Madushan and team.

Madushan & Cecilia from housekeeping are such diligent workers and made my stay at the hotel a good experience

Parking is a challenge

Lobby is noisy

The breakfast smell so bad

Not recommended to stay unless you have to be internet city area ..

Stayed here with my friend during our marathon event in Dubai, and overall we had a really great experience. The hotel is in a very good location, which made commuting easy, and the breakfast spread was really nice with good variety and quality.

Most of the staff were very friendly and helpful. There were a couple of instances where we felt a few staff members came across a little rude, though we’re not sure if it was just a busy time.

Special kudos to Rachel for giving us an amazing experience during our stay. She truly went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and taken care of. Her hospitality really stood out and made our stay memorable.

Would definitely consider staying here again.

Holidayinn Internet city kind of ruining the standards of Intercontinental Hotel Group, upon check-in we were served by Ahmed as I remember he was a trainee No smile No explanations about the facilities we had to ask everything didnt had any Idea About how the IHG employees Discounts works in the hotel outlets, Huge praise to Karen and the Filipino receptionist forgot the name at the reception we met next day they were soo welcoming with smiles and helpful. Room was not upto standards of IGH and housekeeping dosnt clean regularly cant blame them because we got to know they are short staffing and the same housekeeping employees delivering the in room dinning also. Breakfast buffet was good had fair selections.

Good services Thank Madushan and team

Good services Thank Madushan and Joi.

Excellent customer service Madushan and team

We stayed at this hotel for the first week of February. Nice rooms, delicious breakfasts and very friendly staff! I want to thank the receptionist Leo separately, he always solved all our questions and problems very quickly! We tried to contact only him on all issues! Thank you for the warm welcome!

Отличный отель! Идут навстречу по любым вопросам, в том числе сделали бесплатно поздний выезд! Завтрак и ужин супер! Уже второй год подряд останавливаюсь здесь)

Nice hotel in the city. Amazing staff specially Leo. Well done

Great stuff 👏

Breakfast needs to improve more. Good location for business travellers. Rooms are nice and comfortable. Amazing staff specially Leo from the fo. Thank you

Nice place.

Good experience and Excellent services of Madushan and housekeping team

Ms. Rachel demonstrates reliability and strong professional values. She is highly recommended for her excellent service.

Excellent service Madushan and team.

Excellent service Madushan and team.

Nice stay and amazing staff specially Leo. Housekeeping also good thank you cecil

Rachel and Mahmoud from the reception ensured that our concerns were addressed properly. Their cooperative and respectful manner made the process comfortable. It was a good start to our stay.

Leonard shows professionalism and work dedication. Thank you for assistance during my stay

Great good service by shiva thank you ✌️

Hotel was very nice neat and clean good staff thanks to Madushan and Team  I will recommend.

Good work 👏 by Madusha and and Shiva❤️❤️

The hotel location was good according to the guest. But the rooms need a bit of upgrading.

Madushan and team excellent ♥️

Excellent service Madushan and team

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
An amazing experience in every way!
The service is excellent and fast, and the prices are very reasonable for the quality provided. The food and drinks are delicious and varied, and the view is beautiful and relaxing. The place is calm, clean, and gives a great sense of safety and security. The staff are very polite, and the customer welcome is warm and professional. Definitely a place worth visiting again! 👌✨And sincere thanks to Mr. Mahmoud for his excellent cooperation and good manners.

Very nice , shiva house keeping and mahmood at desk helped us a lot understanding the offers and centers utilities

Thank you mr Mahmoud and mr shiva for good service

Good great service by Leo thank yiu so much

Friedly staff especially Leo..

superb stay and good assistance from Leo at the reception. thank you and I will come back again.

Mr.mahmoud and Mr.peshal thank you for being polite conversation and smile welcome

Thank you for Mr.mahmoud and Mr.peshal for warm welcome and being politics conversation

Enjoyed my stay, very friendly and helpful staff.

Mr.mahmoud and Mr.peshal for good service good attitude and good welcome

thank you mr mahmoud for your help and your scirce

Thanks for your support Mr Mahmood and your service

We would like to commend Rachel and Mahmoud from the reception for their well-organized assistance. They handled our concerns promptly and with courtesy. Because of this, our stay began without any complications.

Appreciate all the helps provided by Leo from the reception exceptional service. Thank youfor a nice sat

Thankyou Atif and Mahmoud at the front desk , Good attitude and great smile.

Good service by dev chettri.

Holiday inn express was a good stay for family near metro, staff was very polite and helpful great thanks to Madushan and Shiva 👍👍

Thank you, Dev, for your exceptional efforts.

Thank you Leo for a great service. Thank you also to Cecil from the Housekeeping.

خالص الشكر والتقدير أ/محمود علي اسلوب الجميل في الكلام و علي مساعدتك و فعلا الفندق فوق الممتاز

Excellent servis and very good staff Thank you Madushan and team.from housekeeping.

Excellent services Thank you Madushan and tean

Thank you Shiva and Madushan for a very kind support. Rooms are always nice and tidy.

Great Service by Mr Atif .

Had a very comfortable stay.
Rachel was very friendly and welcoming during our check-in.
The room was clean and smelled fresh.
The hotel facilities were well-maintained and complete.
Would definitely recommend staying here!

From the moment we arrived, Ms. Rachel welcomed us with a warm and genuine smile that immediately made us feel at home.
The check-in process was quick and easy, and she provided us with all the information we needed about the hotel facilities.
Our room was spacious, spotlessly clean, and had a fresh, pleasant scent that made it even more inviting.
Throughout our stay, Ms. Rachel consistently checked if we needed anything and made sure we were comfortable.
The hotel itself was very peaceful, allowing us to fully relax and recharge.
Every corner was well-maintained, and the ambiance was calm and cozy.
I truly appreciated the excellent service and the extra attention to detail.
This was one of the best hotel experiences I’ve had, and I’m already looking forward to coming back!

Many thanks to Ms. Rachel for assisting us during our stay. She was attentive and helpful, ensuring that everything went well throughout our visit. The hotel was clean, organized, and welcoming, which made our stay comfortable. Her professionalism added to a positive and enjoyable experience.

Thank you, Ms. Rachel, for assisting us during our hotel stay. Your guidance and support made everything smooth and stress-free from the moment we arrived until we checked out. You were always polite, professional, and approachable, making it easy for us to ask questions and get help whenever we needed it. The hotel itself was clean, comfortable, and well-maintained, with a calm and welcoming atmosphere that made our visit enjoyable and relaxing. Having your assistance truly added a personal touch and made our experience memorable.

Madushan and Arit excellent

Thankyou Atif for the Early check in . You are the best

Thank you to Ms. Rachel for providing support and guidance when needed. Her professionalism helped make our experience easy and pleasant. The environment was clean and orderly.

Mr Mahmoud and peshal for good service and polite talk
Thank you

Good service Madushan and Shiba

We would like to thank Ms. Rachel for her professionalism and assistance. Everything was handled properly, and the place was maintained well. Overall, the experience was satisfactory and enjoyable.

Thanks mr Mahmoud and shiva for good help

Thank you Atif from reception and Shiva from housekeeping Great service

I stayed here over a week and it was so memorable. Rooms are nice, bed comfortable and breakfast is good with lots of variety. Staffs are very welcoming specially Leo from the reception. He posses a good personality and knows how to handle every  situation. Thank you Leo for your assistance and hospitality care.

Atif is very wonderful receptionist, very helpful and kind

Very good well maintained property with lots of green around, world class walkways and city cycling cycle tracks, friendly staff, professional service. Hats-off to all staff and management for management for maintaining Holiday-Inn standards!

Находится в отеле максимально не приятно! Напольное покрытие все в пятнах разного происхождения.
Душ ванной издает звуки как будто его убивают, для тех кто чутко спит будет проблемой
Завтрак однообразный и не вкусный

Clean spacious rooms, very nice for a 3* hotel. Friendly helpful staff. We lost  our room card, so Leo gave us 2 more without any payment for it.
Wonderful service: every day clean room, fresh towels, bed linnen, water. We asked for an iron rack and some more hangers,  they were delivered immediately.
Food is varied enough for a 3* hotel.
Windows are locked. No chance to open them. But the air conditioning is good. That's why there is no dust and noise inside.
We enjoyed our staying there.

I enjoyed my stay here because of Leo from the reception who is very kind and shows professionalism in handling the guest. Thank you again for the good service

Неплохой отель. Станция метро недалеко. Отель на свои 3*. Изначально заселили в номер, в котором был запах сигарет, хотя при брони указывали для некурящих. Поменяли быстро и оперативно. Еда хорошая. Много блюд индийской кухни. Брали завтраки и ужины. Leo на ресепшн вежливый и улыбчивый.

Excellent job Thank you Madushan and Shiva❤️

Mr Atif and Karen is the best .

We enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The room was clean, and the service was consistent. Ms. Rachel appreciated how organized everything was, from check-in to check-out.

Clean rooms, polite staff, and a peaceful environment. Ms. Rachel appreciated how well-maintained the hotel was. Overall, it was a great experience and worth the stay.

Best room with best service. Good Breakfast
Thanks Mr.Madushan and Shiva❤️

excellent services Madushan and team.

Maushan from house keeping

Location is good. Rooms are comfortable. I like the bedding. Breakfast is OK. Thank you to Leo in the reception  for the help and assistance

Great place to stay with. Thank you for nice service special mention to Leo from the reception.

Leo iş very very very good person thanks son much....

Thanks for your service Mr Mahmoud

Good experience overall. special thanks to dev.

Clean, comfortable stay. Specthanks to dev.

Great stay! Clean hotel and thanks to Dev for excellent service.

Overall, it was a wonderful stay. The place was peaceful, the room was spacious and clean, and the staff made us feel welcome and well taken care of. Thank you, Ms Rachel!

Had a great stay at Holiday Inn Express Dubai Internet City. The room was clean and comfortable, and the staff were very friendly and cute/pretty. The location is very convenient, especially if you’re traveling for work or business. d breakfast was good and the overall service was soooo excellent for me. Thank you, Ms. Rachel pretty pretty for the great assistance and for making our stay more enjoyable. Highly recommended!

Thank you, Ms. Rachel !

Thank you, Ms. Rachel

Excellent service by Madushan and Shiva for your hospitality

I was here for a week they had a really Good service Mahmood was a staff over there who was really good attending

Thank you dev for your work

Excellent service by gaurav from housekeeping

Good job by Gaurav hk side

Thanks for the great service, Ms Rachel!!

The hotel is very nice and the staff are accommodating, especially Ms. Rachel. Thank you very much. I will definitely come back to this hotel again and again, and I will recommend it to others.

I had a wonderful stay at the hotel. The staff were all friendly and professional special shoutout to Mr. Zain and Ms. Rachel for making sure everything was perfect.

Thanks to Ms. Rachel! I am so satisfied to the hotel's service and they are so welcoming to every guests!

thankyou dev and all housekeeping team

Thank you Mr mahmoud and Mr Leo for good help and good service

Great service and well recommended hotel. Thank you Leo for exceptional service and kind help.

The place is very nice and clean

Madushan was very helpful

Amazing Hospitality!
The breakfast was nice

Thank you!

Housekeeping gaurav vers good exlent sarives

Thank you a lot Mahmood for your help and also the good something you smil every time

Thanks Mr Mahmood for good sirvis

Thankyou Dev and all housekeeping team..

GOOD AND GREAT SERVICE BY SHIVA AND MADUSHAN   KAREEM GOOD AND  GREAT SERVICE THANK UHUU FOR UHH YOUR SERVICE

Thanks Mr Mahmoud for good service

Thanks Mr Mahmoud for good service and your help

Thank you Mr Mahmood for your assit and for help

Had a great stay. The experience was very good. Special thanks to Leo for upgrading my room from the first floor to the third floor, with an amazing view of Atlantis, Burj Al Arab, and Burj Khalifa. Breakfast was also superb. Overall, a comfortable and pleasant stay.

I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Dubai Internet City for 12 nights in January 2026 and had a pleasant experience overall. The room was comfortable, well-maintained, and had all the essential amenities needed for a long stay. The bed was cozy, the air‑conditioning worked perfectly, and the room layout was practical for both work and relaxation.

The breakfast buffet was one of the highlights of my stay. There were more than 15 items to choose from every morning, including hot dishes, pastries, fresh fruits, cereals, and beverages. The food was consistently tasty and filling, and the staff managing the breakfast area were always friendly and attentive.

I also used the mini gym once during my stay. It’s not very large, but it’s clean and has enough equipment for a quick workout. For a budget-friendly hotel, it does the job well.

The location is another big plus. The hotel is just a short walk from both the Dubai Internet City metro station and the tram station, making it very convenient to get around the city. The surrounding neighborhood is peaceful, less crowded than other parts of Dubai, and has a nice, clean atmosphere with cafes and stores nearby.

Housekeeping deserves special appreciation. My room was cleaned daily by Maulana, who did an excellent job throughout my stay. The room was always spotless, towels replaced, and supplies replenished without fail.

I did experience one issue during my stay — loud music from the open bar on one of the nights, which made it difficult to sleep. However, the staff handled it exceptionally well. Leo from the front desk immediately changed my room to a quieter area as soon as I raised the concern. Thanks to his quick support, the rest of my nights were peaceful.

Overall, this hotel offers great value for money, a comfortable stay, good food, and a very helpful staff. I would definitely consider staying here again on my next visit to Dubai.

Excellent customer service and highly recommend Thanks Madushan and team.

Thanks mr mahmoud for good sirvice

Thank you mr mahmood for good asst and good help

Thanks again Mr Mahmoud for your help please keep up

thank you mr mahmoud for good sirvc and for good help

Madushan & Shiva they are very  helpful and awesome

Madushan and team duning excellent work 👍

Great service by madushan and shiva thank uhh guys ❤️🥳

Thank you Madushan and Shiva from housekeeping ❤️

Special thank you to Mr.Atif for being so kind and helpful 😊 much appreciation and you made my experience so wonderful 👍🏻👍🏻

Thank you for the good service and great welcome Mr Mahmoud this hotel is great and very good I love it really

Thank you Mr Mahmoud for your help and good sirvec keep it up please

Joli petit Hotel pas loin des Université, (5 min de marche plus ou moins)  convient parfaitement aux étudiants, et ils offrent la possibilité de louer les chambres longue durée. L'hôtel  est propre, les chambres sont spacieuses et bien amenagees, avec un petit frigidaire, le wifi est puissant et gratuit, le petit déjeuner est en forme de buffet assez complet et bon pour bien commencer une journée, jus, fruit frais, yoghurt et vienoiserie disponible, et ils servant le déjeuner et le dinner que je n'ai pas essayé chez eux.  Salle de sport bien equipee et machine a laver a disposition pour ceux qui louent longue durée. Taxi disponible devant la porte de l'hôtel, plusieurs petits restaurants et café a 5 min de marche. Le metro est a 15 min de marche et le tram à 10 min. Sinon les stations de bus sont plusieurs a 5 min de marche.

Hotel in good location, rooms are good but no slippers. I want to thank Leo from reception for good assistance and help throughout my stay. He is very helpful
Thank you Leo

Thank you for excellent service provided by Leonard from Reception. Showing professionalism and geneuibe call care to the guest. Thanks you

Thanks Mr Mahmoud&mis Rachel for good sirvice

thank you mr mahmoud for good scrives

Rooms are good for travellers. Nice location and nice amenities. I enjoyed the spa as well. Special mention to Leo for excellent service. Thank you Leo you nice person. I will recommend you  this hotel to my friends.

Thanks Mr Mahmoud and Mr shiva for good service keep it up always

شكرا مستر محمود لمجهودك و استقبالك الجميل

Thanks Mr Mahmoud for good service keep up

Excellent job by Gaurav Shiva and Chandra

Thank for good scrives Mr mhmoud

Great service by shiva and madushan

Fantastic service, very helpful staff (Madishan and Jayashankar), good breakfast, free shuttle to Beach, great value for money, good location near shops/restaurants.highly recommend Thank you.

Good service by rishta thanks you..

Fantastic place to stay with. Nice people and special thanks to Leo and Mahmoud from the reception for exceptional service

"Impressed by the cleanliness, the personal attention and the facilities... The bed is very comfortable. The bathroom is complete and very clean.Staff very nice help full Madushan and team from Housekeeping❤️❤️

Maulana is great guy , very professional with cleaning duties

Thank you Madushan and Shiva from housekeeping♥️♥️♥️

Excellent service thanks Madushan and Shiva from housekeeping. 😍😍

GOOD SERVICE BY SHIVA AND MADUSHAN THANKU UH GUYD ❤️✌🏻

Excellent service Thank you Madushan and Shiva♥️

Thank you Madushan and Shiva for make stay comfortable in this hotel Thank you❤❤

Clean, comfortable hotel with a great location.
Very friendly and professional staff.
Special thanks to Leo at the front desk for exceptional service.
Highly recommended!

Thanks Madushan and Shiva for your good job.😍😍

Highly recommend Thank you Madushan, Joi and Shiva. ❤️❤️

Excellent service Thanks Joi and Madushan for your good job.♥️

The hotel has very good prices. It was important to me to have an affordable place to stay. The entire housekeeping team and the service staff, both at reception and in the restaurant, deserve special mention. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. I would gladly stay again.

Our stay was great in dubai..hotel staff were good specially thank Mr. Arafat fir his good service and also Leo from reception.thank you guys

Good service, Mohiuddin and madushan

Thank you for cleaning our room cris, Madushan is a good and also cecille

Shiva is the best thank you! Madhushan

Thank you Mr Mahmoud..miss richel for good service and good help keep up please

Excellent service Thanks Madushan and team.

Shiva was excellent. So helpful.

Très serviable Kamal et ARafat sont  des vrais professionnels et ses gentillesses,sont très agréables

Excellent service by gaurav

Highly recommend Thank you Madushan and team.

Thank you for my wonderful experience in your hotel especially CRIS and Madushan from housekeeping..she always make sure that my room was clean and nice..thank you so much

Neodporucam vlhký zapach na chodbe aj na izbách malé priestory na jedálni na izbách vidno zub času na hoteli sa nedá vyvetrať a otvoriť okmo niekde.

Joi and Madushan providing excellent condition service ❤️

Thank you Madushan and Shiva Really appreciate

Good hotel for active person like me. Easy to travel with drum to Marina or Dubai mall and airport.

Good service. Aizafat/Leo helps me at the morning breakfast.

My business trip was perfect. Thank you holiday inn for nice stay. Very comfortable room and nice breakfast. Thank you also to Leo at the reception for excellent job from check in to check out very cheerful and happy person. Thanks to dining staff specially to ararat who is nice person. Will definitely  come back. Thank you

The staff were incredibly friendly, polite, and went out of their way to help us," or "Received a warm welcome and a positive response to our early check-in request".Thank you Madushan and Shiva. ❤️

Rooms are compact but very functional. I appreciated the soundproofing; despite being in a busy area, it was quiet at night. The power shower in the bathroom was excellent.Special mention to madushan for his great service.

I stayed here for a business trip and was very impressed with the efficiency. The location is unbeatable if you have meetings in DIC or Knowledge Village—it's within walking distance to many offices and the metro. The Wi-Fi was fast and reliable, and the 24-hour gym was a great bonus. The rooms are compact but very clean and functional. Special thanks to the staff especially Madushan for the Hospitality

Not happy with our stay. We booked non smoking rooms 2 months advance and still hotel gave us smoking rooms, rooms are low in standard and quality. Response to service requirements was average, same boring breakfast all days, no change in any dishes. Food at the restaurant was also not that great. Location is in business areas, so it won’t feel lively. I expected good quality rooms at least considering the area and name of the hotel but it was a big disappointment. Not happy with overall, felt like a waste of money.

I had a great experience in this hotel.
The food was great and leo and arafat were very hospitable.
Thanks for the good memory ☆

Kamal est très sympathique et parle très bien français il nous nous a bien aidé pour nous servir pendant le petit déjeuner. Il est au top

I stayed here for more than two weeks.
The hotel rooms were clean, housekeeping was maintained.
management was very cooperative.

Especially Mr. Peshal, waiter in mess hall was really hospitable and friendly.

The hotel location is perfect with tram and metro on walking distance.

I highly recommend this hotel.

The breakfast is top! Camille and Mille were amazing in helping us and very friendly.

breakfast is very nice and the food was delicious, thank you for kenneth , camille and mille for always smiling every morning and for the good service, thank you for the wonderful stay and thank you for your assistance Leo everyday

friendly staff andvery accommodating. thanks for womderful stay. special shout out to Leo. well done

Nice stuff specially Arafat was so kind and friendly, thanks for helping

During my stay in your hotel I find Mr.Arafat very agile, prompt and very courteous towards the customers. Especially during breakfast and dinner time he is very well mannered and his service was very pleasant and professional.
Also I find Miss. Mitey, Rachel and Camille very nice and professional.
I wish all of them the very best in their careers.
Room #250
Manjur Ahmed.
(Reserved under Anjumanara Begum)

Nice stay. Nice room and nice people specially Leo from front desk. He is very nice and cool guy

Leo was good, making our stay smooth

Superb stay with my friends. Hotel is good. Breakfast is fantastic with different varieties. Excellent staff and thank you to Leo for for always helping me providing good information and for providing good solution with my problem. Thank you and I appreciate it a lot.

Thank you for wonderful stay and thanks to Leo for your assistance. Thank you for warm hospitality and good service. Will comeback again

Thanks to dev chettri for keeping clean and well maintained.

Thank you dev

Thank you dev

Thank you Mr.Dev.You 're very kindful and very helpful.He room cleanjng is very good and he is skillfully.thank u

Thank you dev for your exceptional efforts keep up the great work

Thank you dev for your service

Thankyou dev for your expectional efforts. Keep it up on your hard work and thankyou for your service

Thank you, holiday inn express to give me best experience, specially dev,thank you so much for your services it was so peacefull and wonderfull and we'll hospitality. I cannot forget you the way you treat me, it was so adorable

Thanks mr Karim for best services

Mr Karim

friendly staff, cleanliness, great location, comfortable rooms Thank you Madushan and team❤️

Nice room good location. Food was excellent. And all staffs are friendly and approachable specially Leo and Atif from the reception.

superb check in experience by Leo. tgabk yiu for your assistance and for helping providing all my queries. thank you also to Afif. you guys are the best

very nice hotel to. stay with. thank you Leo and atif for the adsistance well appreciated. nice service and hotel is very good

Thank you for excellent stay. Room was perfect and most specially the staffs are friendly specially Leoand Atif from the reception. Well done and I will comeback again.

На самом деле отель превзошел ожидания. Хороший сервис. Питание достаточно разнообразное и в целом вкусное, особенно ужины. Отзывчивый персонал, помогали решать все вопросы. Достаточно чисто.
Локация в целом хорошая, но до пляжа и прогулочных мест нужно ехать на такси или метро. Марина 10-15 минут на такси. Метро минут 7 ходьбы. Пляж пешком далеко, либо Jumeira/Kite, либо JBR. Ехать на такси. Есть бесплатный трансфер от отеля на Jumeira. Если будете просить номер повыше, уточните курящий этаж или нет. Мы жили на 4-ом, этаж оказался курящий. По началу был слегка неприятный запах, потом привыкли. На 5 этаже находится какой-то банкетный зал или рестик, там по выходным вечером и ночью шумно. А вид прикольный. Номера в целом норм, но уже чувствуется что давно не обновляли, есть пятна и мелкие недочеты. Но, за эту цену, все круто. Постель классная, как в дорогих сетевых отелях. Спасибо за гостеприимство!

Excellent location close to many attractions.  A couple options for late night drink as well.  Leo at the front desk was very helpful and courteous.  Rooms are a bit outdated, but still a nice hotel for a peaceful night's sleep.

Personal very nice) thank you 🙏 especially Leo)

Norm

thanks Dev and Zain. really appreciate

Thank you Dev and Zain for your service and assist. keep it up.

Thank you. Dev and zain for your reliability and great attitude. It is truly appreciated.

Hello! I want to thank all the staff and especially Rachel, who works at the reception, for our wonderful stay at the hotel! Helped us with our question, professionally and quickly.
I really liked the hotel, everything is clean, neat, polite staff. The location is great, near the subway and bus. We will definitely come back again!

Everything was fine room was neat and clean thanks to Mr zain and Mr dev

We stayed at Holiday Inn Dubai Internet City, and overall our experience was very positive.

The breakfasts are filling and offer a decent variety - you definitely won’t stay hungry, although personally we missed having a bit more meat options.

The service is excellent: the room is cleaned every day, everything is kept very tidy, and towels are changed regularly.

We would especially like to mention Rachel at the reception. She was a pleasure to interact with, helped us with all our questions despite the language barrier, and made our stay very comfortable.

The location is very convenient: you can easily reach key points of the city by any type of public transport, and two metro lines are within a 10-minute walk from the hotel.

The only downside for us was that the windows in our room did not open, so sometimes there was a stale smell. However, it would usually disappear by the next day.

Overall, for its price category, this hotel is an excellent choice and can definitely be recommended.

Rachel, отличный человек, пошла нам на встречу, разрешила остаться до 15.00 бесплатно, нам с мужем очень понравилось расположение отеля, шведский стол хороший, наедались, всё вкусно, постель меняли постоянно, рядом рестораны, автобус 84 и трамвай до JBR пляж, рекомендую, спасибо всем в отеле за тёплый приём.

Amazing stay
Thank you Leo and Mahmoud from the reception
Very helpful and and welcoming

I stayed here recently and my stay was impeccable. I have problem with the booking and Leo help me with ease. Thank you very much Leo for your assistance and by giving me a good hospitality  service. See you again

Mr zain and dev
was the best staff and kind thanks for best service

Thank you Hiex Internet City for wonderful stay. I was assited by Leo who is very supportive and helpful. Thank you very much and we will come back again.

Excellent service and nice stay tha k you Leo for assistance you are the best for this hotel

Very good hotel, nice service

Past few days I stayed in the hotel ,I would like to share my experience in this hotel , its a well maintained , rooms were too clean , the food they offered too good , professional staffs, from check in to checking out , they were too kind , just want to thank for Ms Rachel  for helping coz it's my first time staying in the hotel and to her colleagues I forgot her name ☺️, thank you for all of your dedications for work and kindness specially for newly  tourist staying in the hotel . Holiday Inn Express Dubai Internet City Hotel , highly recommended for relaxing ,staying in Dubai. Thank you for the positive and excellent service experience .

入住一切都很順利，酒店有一些歲月痕跡，但十分乾淨衛生，晚上很安靜，住兩個晚上都得很香，職員十分友善，早餐必須大讚，十分豐富。

İyi lokasyon ve işgili çalışanlar. Özellikle resepsiyonda Leo bey çok nazik ve çok yardımsever.

Everything was Good nice stay specially thanks to mr zain for best service

Best place for enjoy your free time or vacation.very relaxing and calm environment and the staff is very friendly special thanks to the madushan and team for make our vacation comfortable.

We feel the hotel offers good value for money, especially with breakfast included. It is a good choice for business travelers as well as short leisure stays. Thank you, Madushan and team

I had a wonderful stay at the hotel, and I would like to especially appreciate the hotel staff and housekeeping team. The staff were consistently polite, welcoming, and helpful, always ready to assist with a smile. They made me feel comfortable and well taken care of throughout my stay.

The housekeeping staff did an excellent job my room was always clean, well-organized, and refreshed on time. Their attention to detail and commitment to cleanliness really stood out and made my stay even more enjoyable. Overall, the professionalism and friendliness of the entire team truly enhanced my experience, and I would be happy to recommend this hotel to others. Specifical Thanks to Madushan.

Shiva

Received a great service from Shiva.

Best staff ever great thank to Mr dev and zain

Hotel was nice neat and clean best thanks to Zain dev and Rachel and peshal

Had a good stay with this hotel nice service by staff Zain dev and Rachel thanks to them

Thanks to dev and zain for your service and support

Очень удобная локация, персонал отзывчивый . Leo помог в нашем вопросе спасибо
Приедем еще

I loved staying in Holiday Inn.Amazing service and Food.

Thank you dev and zain for bes service

Hotel was nice neat and clean rooms staff was very helpful great thanks to dev and zain

Hotel was provided best service by staff great thanks to Zain and dev

Excellent staff, helped with everything, did not refuse, special thanks to Leo and Rachel for their help

Good hotel good location polite Leo and Rachel staff helped settled half an hour after arrival room all good breakfast at all great location of the hotel too very good to tram station 5 minutes walking walk to Metro 10 minutes

Nice stay, good breakfast and calm atmosphere!

Thank you dev and Zain for your service

호텔은 매우친철하고, 요구사항에 빠르게 대응해 줍니다. 다만 한국인들이 많이 방문하는 여행지로부터는 조금 거리가 있습니다. 공항에서 우버로 약 130~170aed. 팜주메라와 가깝습니다. 주의사항: 금요일 토요일 23시부터 02시까지 무척 시끄러운 파티가 근처 업장에서 있어서 방에서 멋진 아라비안 나이트를 즐기실 수 있습니다.

As I always say, it feels like home.
Thanks to everyone, starting with Karim & the reception team, house keeping team, kitchen staff, the beautiful Rajaa' & her beautiful team responsible about the catering & dining area

Rude staff, really bad buffet . Did racial discrimination t me as Indian

We stayed at the hotel in December 2025, and we enjoyed everything, because this is not the first time we have stayed at this hotel. There are rooms with both two beds and one large kingsize. You won't stay hungry at breakfast and dinner (who takes it). I want to say a special thank you to Rachel at the reception, Arafat, who was always smiling and kind in the dining room, as well as to the guy with glasses, I don't remember his name - he was always friendly and kind too. Thank you all! We wish you success in your work!

Very good service by Shiva. Keep doing great work 👍

Good service by shiva thankuhhh🤝❤️

Good service by Shiva thank you

This hotel is quite good in some point of view of mine, there location, room service, staff everyone was helpful.. Specially arafat what a character man.keep it up i enjoyed with talking to YOU.

Das Zimmer ist normal bis gut für Busniessaufenthalte. Nichts Besondenderes. Beim Frühstück sollte das Personal mehr auf Hygiene achten!

Greatvwork house keeping team. Special thanks to dev zain and rohit

Best service by dev and zain and rohit. Keep it up

Thanks Rachel, Zain and Karim good job every one

my time at this hotel was satisfying. specially arafat one of there staff he is too friendly and helpful.

The hotel’s fragrance choice was quite unpleasant. They must use IHG group's one.

It's good at location, service and the atmosphere was very calm, everyone was helpful there and friendly. One of there staff Arafat he is so helpful and good behaviour. Keep it up man!

Thanks to zain dev and karim for providing best staff service

Overall the hotel is very good, the food is delicious.. Mr. Arafat's service is very excellent.

Hotel was nice staff was very good person special thanks to Zain dev and Rachel and karim

Dev and Zain best housekeeper. And thank you housekeeping team.

The restaurant is good

Also, there’s a very kind trainee his name is Mohammed, He is so professional, kind person he help us a lot of thanks to him

The disadvantage: they don’t have slipper

Thanks to the  Rachel. and zain

In Dubai we had a very pleasant stay. The hotel is very good. Mr. Arafat is a good employee from Food Department..His service is very great.

Good job Rachel and zain

We are currently staying at this hotel, and would like to join other reviewers and say big thanks to the staff especially Arafat for making us feel like home

ARAFAT i made the experience smooth and pleasant. His attitude and approach towards guests are truly commendable❤️❤️🇵🇸🫶🫶

Arafat showed very good customer service skills. He was friendly and made sure all my requests were taken care of.

Very good option for a short stay and the staff is super helpful such a for example Arafat in the kitchen who is amazing

I received excellent support from MD. ARAFAT today. Very respectful and professional in the way he handled everything.

Arafat from the F&B team was incredibly attentive. His polite behavior and quick service really impressed me.❤️🫂

Very nice hotel thanks to Rachel,zain karim

Had a best experience with one of ihg hotel best service by staff great thanks to Zain dev Karim and rachel

Tha ks to the staff rachel zain and karim

We arrive at the hotel for the second time. The hotel has a good location in the city center. There is a metro station and a tram to the marina and the monorail nearby. the hotel is well cleaned.They always meet at our request, including early check-in and late check-out. Special thanks to the employee of the canteen, Arafat, for the service.

Mr. Arafat is a very high minded person, he is also great as a professional. Talks very sincerely with the customer,I think all customers like me like Mr. Arafat

Habitaciones suficientes para ir de trabajo, el servicio muy bueno y la ubicación buena si te tienes que mover por marina o alrededores

Thank you for assit shiva thank you u

Best service by hotel staff thanks to Mr zain karim and dev

Best services by hotel staff thanks to Zain dev qnd Karim

best stay ever great staff always here to help thanks to Zain Karim and dev

Hotel was very quit and on good location staff was very nice great thanks to zain karim and dev

