Great everything, but no safe in rooms...weird!

Rooms suck, they are really outdated TV is a 30 inch tv from the 90’s. Plumbing sucks toilet would not flush good. The room had a smell to them. There was bugs in the room and not to mention the breakfast was not what other Fairfield’s offer. Tried to get a hold of manager and I could never speak to her. I’ve tried calling and front desk  and they would pretended they were the manager.

Close to everything, great staff, nice rooms with comfy beds, quiet, and a great breakfast. Very clean and seems to be recently updated. I’d stay here again

Nice property, clean, and a friendly staff. A bit noisy, minutes from downtown, located on the frontage road of a busy I35.

Exelente muy amable la muchacha de recepccion

Nice room... great people!
My reason for choosing this site was easy parking fairly near my granddaughter who lives near downtown Austin. The surprise came with the hotel staff. Sisi greeted us with a warm smile, then the other members of the team were equally helpful.

Jarred at the front desk is awesome! Very accommodating and kind and answered all my questions and even told me a bit about the Austin area. Amazing service I’ll be staying here the next time I visit Austin!

Our go to hotel when we visit Austin.

Booked with points so this was supposed to be a free stay. Got hit with a $350 smoking fee even though the elevator and halls already smelt of marijuana. The past comments the property management mentions how the fee is to cover additional cleaning fees. I’d like to read that hefty cleaning report for my room that implies it needed an extra $350 charge upon departure.

Cars were getting towed upon arrival. Staff looked tired and were clearly unhappy working there. My car got broken into and my switch 2 got stolen. Even though this place is gated.

Positive: Awesome staff  Ice machine hadn’t made ice one evening, so desk clerk, Sisi went next door to another hotel to get me some. Hot breakfast.  LOTS of choices/special touches  Fruit & nuts for the waffles. Right on I-35 but NO road noise. Negative: Had to pay $10 for parking here and other areas of the city because of rhigh crime rate. $30 in downtown or airport locations.  National Guard is helping!!

sleep & stay ruined bc staff incompetent with wake up call system

Positive: Good breakfast Negative: Funky smell in room

Fairfield by Marriott Inn & Suites Austin South ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

Excellent location right off the highway, and interestingly, there are five Marriott properties lined up in this area. This one doesn’t have a pool, but one of the nearby hotels does (and it’s heated), so check amenities if that’s important to you.

The staff here is outstanding — kind, polite, and genuinely friendly. The hotel feels safe and secure, even with the visible homelessness that’s common throughout Austin. Free breakfast and $10/day parking make it a great value overall.

Great location that is about 10 mins from downtown Austin! The staff was nice, and able to communicate when I had questions, however at check in the girl didn’t give me my total price or break down what the extra charges were gonna be, so I was a little confused when I got charged an extra $150 but that was later confirmed to be the refundable fee that they give you once you check out just in case of damages. So just to be made aware this hotel does charge you and extra $50 a night, that you can get back later, but I just wasn’t told that at check in. Other than that this place was great and really convenient.

Being charged for a smoking fee. I do not smoke ANYTHING, and got the feedback that all sensors are “100% accurate.” I was right by the stairwell too which constantly smelled of smoke. :( I am disappointed with this.

Hoping when the manager calls me at 3 this will be resolved… especially since the reviews are flooded with similar responses.

Air Conditioning had a heavy moldy smell coming from it. Since I am here for Formula 1 and everything is sold out, was just stuck with this smell for the $500 a night charge.

Nice place and nice people. Strangely, they charge for parking. I-35 construction makes getting there a little troublesome.

I was charged a smoking fee for my stay. I stayed at this hotel from 8/10-8/15. When I first saw charges to my debit card it was a total of $842.50 hold. When I called Kate couldn't answer my question so she transferred me to Amanda (hopefully I have order correct). Anyways, it was incidentally $50 daily, I am not math wizard but isn't that $300? The manager then stated I am being charged a $350 smoking fee due to a sensor going off. I do not smoke have never smoked and when I told her that she giggled and said it picks up vaping and Marijuana. Well I do not do that either. I am hoping they lose our business company wide. My neice has volunteered to go style her hair due to the fact the sensor went off at 5:07 am when she was getting ready for work. Very aggravated! There response to me "we have a strict 100% smoke free policy" wish my neice would have worn a messy bun...because her hair really smokes when she blow dries it and straightens it!

Horrible. I enjoyed my stay UNTIL I realized 3 days after I left I received a $400 charge on my card for smoking in the room even though my husband and I did not smoke/vape, etc. They use these fake smoke detecting sensors to charge their loyal customers once they leave. Many other hotels that are doing this are being sued - look up the class action lawsuits about this. It's a straight up fraud. Will not return to another Marriot hotel because of this!

Staff were super attentive, courteous, respectful and friendly. Someone had broken into our rented vehicle while we were at a tourist attraction and my bag was stolen, contents inclu. the key card to the hotel. So I called the hotel to let them know to freeze the key cards. When we got there they were attentive to what we may possibly need,incl. walking over to the hotel next door so we could get a dark plastic trash bag to take over our broken window. Manager and her staff were very friendly.. from the front desk to the maintenance staff.

It's freaking awesome

We had a great stay at Fairfield Inn & Suites South Austin. From check-in to checkout, the service was smooth and welcoming. The front desk staff was polite and attentive, always ready to help with any questions or needs we had.

The room was clean, spacious, and well-maintained. The beds were very comfortable, and we appreciated the modern furnishings and thoughtful layout. The air conditioning worked perfectly—especially important during the Texas heat! There was also a good-sized desk, which made it convenient for catching up on some work.

One of the highlights was the complimentary breakfast. It included a variety of hot and cold options—scrambled eggs, sausage, waffles, fresh fruit, and yogurt—something for everyone. The breakfast area was clean and restocked regularly.

The hotel also has a small fitness center and indoor pool, both of which were well-kept. Parking was easy and free, and the location is convenient—close to downtown Austin, but far enough to avoid the noise and crowds. It’s also close to major highways, so getting around the city was a breeze.

Overall, this Fairfield Inn exceeded expectations. It’s a reliable, comfortable place to stay in South Austin and we would definitely return on our next visit.

Was a decent stay until we got charged with a $350 smoking fee. We are non smokers, so seeing this i called and spoke to the manager in which she said “our detectors our always accurate therefore there’s nothing we can do to help” I asked for the report and there was twice were it was apparently detected, one at 2:30 AM ( which we were asleep for ) and 11:39 AM, which we were probably already gone or leaving at that point. Fairly unimpressed and quite frustrated. i was with 3 other friends that don’t want to help me pay for this because it was on my card. Never will i ever be staying here again. I’ll sleep outside in the floods next time.

Room was clean and had all the amenities advertised. Breakfast in the morning was the best seen in our travels this year. Staff was top-notch. Always willing to help and smiling. Location gives easy access to downtown Austin and restaurants are close by so travel can be minimal.

Positive: Friendly staff Negative: Airport shuttle will be a great amenity

So who charges $10 a day for an open parking lot? No pool, and all sorts of extra charges even for Marriott employees and family. Evening desk staff was inconvenienced when questioned. Only high point of the trip was at breakfast the following morning, the new GM arrived and watching his interactions with the staff was refreshing. Also have to like him because he hates the limp microwaved bacon too.

Caroline was Awesome, she went above and beyond to meet our needs.  It means so much to be in a comfortable sleeping environment. She was very caring.  Thank you Caroline, we appreciate your service||The Kirklins||Date stayed 6-12 and 6-13||Fairfield I35 South Austin||||Also Sisi was Awesome, she serviced us before, Always appreciate good customer service, we stay at this location often, Thank you, The Kirklins

I stayed here while on a one-week business trip to Austin. The hotel is clean and well-maintained. I found the breakfast to be satisfactory. Special shoutout to the front desk staff for helping me figure out the app to pay for laundry. (I can't remember the name of the woman who helped me specifically unfortunately).||One note of caution is that the location is not the most convenient. Restaurants and shopping are located on the opposite side of the interstate, which is a pain to get to because of Texas's weird frontage road system. I did find the access to the downtown easy for my business, however. All in all, I would likely stay here again, because it is one the most affordable places I have found in Austin.

Positive: It was an affordable price. Negative: Room

This will be my last stay here at Fairfield south. While the staff has always been nice here, the key things are missing :

AC that goes below 68, anyone who sleeps hot, menopause ladies, pregnant ladies, or chronic illness warriors can’t survive in such warm Night time temperatures.
It’s locked to stay at 68 or higher. I woke up roasting.

Black out curtains are too short so the room lights up in the morning

I noticed a smell that the longer I was there I realized was a huge red flag- urine or mold… it was faint and doable but not something I’d pay to stay in again.

Bathtub water is lukewarm- not hot water

Small but a big deal if you’re mobility challenged- keep your phones on the end table by the bed! Not far away on the desk!

They now charge for parking- kind of ridiculous considering this is about 15 min south of downtown and there was ample parking space.

Also one more bummer is they charge you $20 to use you points ! At least they offer a rewards program, but it kind of feels weird to have to pay to use it?

Overall I’m noticing better stays at other Marriott’s or other competitors.

I couldn't handle my liquor and threw up in lobby restroom on accident, Amanda and the manager were very helpful, understanding and assured me that it's ok not to worry even though I offered to clean up, the manager was concerned for my well-being and gave me water, over all very good guest services and very good breakfast

Choose this place! They have breakfast!lol. This is a fantastic place to sleep. I loved it!  Rooms were clean and smelled really nice.

Leo’s hospitality after a late night outing was amazing! He provided a quiet and comfortable space for my party to enjoy each other’s company before heading to bed. It was such a wonderful time, and I can’t wait to come back. Definitely an incredible experience!

Terrible experience – misleading charges and rude staff

I was lied to just to be charged an extra $10. I was told this charge was for “incidentals,” but it was actually applied to parking – which they explicitly told me was free when I asked. This is completely dishonest. When I called to ask about it, the staff was extremely rude and unhelpful. On top of that, the room smelled bad and was not at all comfortable. Do yourself a favor and avoid this place. I will never stay here again.

$10 to park. Hotel is ok.

Polecam

“Mailbox is full and cannot accept any new messages”

Good luck trying to contact this hotel. Not a single way to get through to them because NO ONE ANSWERS THE PHONE - it goes straight to voicemail on the first ring. Even the Marriott customer service line was unable to give a phone number that is answered.

Is anyone even at the location?

My flight was cancelled and had to stay in Austin on February 19, 2025.  I was treated great by Conner, the front desk clerk.  There was no coffee or anything else for that matter available in the lobby at 8:00.  The traffic noise in the room was horrible and the furnace did not keep up with the cold as the thermostat would only go so high. The late night desk clerk was deplorable and unfriendly. When asked a question if there was any coffee or other available at 5:30 am, I was informed breakfast was at 6:30.  LAZY clerks.  Come on!  I had way better service at the Fredericksburg Fairfield! For $170 a night, I expected way better service.  Won't be staying there again.

Great hotel with excellent rooms and a decent location (I stayed here as a coach for a soccer tournament). However, I’m giving a lower rating for service, as the food was lacking. For someone with allergies, I expected more variety—such as sausage and potatoes—rather than just bacon.

Leo was super helpful on December 15, Sunday morning! We had a very early flight and he made us a pot of coffee at 4:30 AM. It was extremely thoughtful and exactly what we needed to get ready that morning!|We enjoyed our weekend and felt very relaxed at the Austin south Fairfield Inn!|Thank you so much Leo.

Conor in Austin at 4525 S. IH 35,  was always very cheerful and very helpful i would recommend Anyone to stay at the Fairfield by Marriott. |    If u need anything from fresh towels to where the best place to dine is ... Just ask Conor he is a man of tue city

I wish I could give negative stars. The hotel is fine, perfectly mediocre Fairfield inn. it is the staff and management that is the issue.

We stayed for 2 nights, at $139/night

We were charged $301 AND an addition $139 charge separately. The hotel refuses to adjust or fix this, and has left the $301 charge pending for 2 weeks and counting. They charged the entire stay under an incidental hold (their error, this is not our banks error as they keep trying to claim) this is incompetence on the hotel side. They have failed to release or complete the charge (bank provided proof of this) they also will not issue a refund. We are currently out nearly $440 for what should have been a $280 stay. All they can say is “it’s not our fault” when it is in fact, very much, their fault. Terrible customer service. Do not stay here.

Connor at the front desk is a complete professional. He was able to accommodate all requests. Very clean hotel and nice rooms! The proximity to the freeway is great for any business related travel. Definitely would recommend staying here.

The staff is incompetent. We were over charged for a recent stay and the hotel refuses to fix it on their end. DO NOT STAY HERE. They will not release the charge, so the bank can’t take action, but the money is removed from our available balance, they will not fix it. It’s been almost 2 weeks, that is a long time to hold a pending charge on the account

Conor was so friendly as soon as we arrived.  We had just driven over 7 hours and it was nice to arrive to a smile. He was very helpful with food selections in the area. Conor also made sure we had signed up to receive Marriott points.  He was very accommodating and offered an extra blanket.

Conor was so inviting and welcomed us into Fairfield. He made us feel at home. We will definitely be returning to Fairfield. This is our second visit to Fairfield. Atlantis chill everybody's so nice the food's really good. I mean it's normally like

This was the worst stay ever at a Fairfield. It doesn’t matter what your Marriott status is because you’ll be treated the same as someone who’s not a member. Never again nor do I recommend.

Loud highway next to hotel

Our stay at the Fairfield Inn in Austin, Texas, was exceptional! From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by a gentleman who provided excellent customer service, explaining everything about the pool and our stay. The room was super clean, incredibly comfortable, and the hotel’s location was perfect—just minutes from downtown Austin at half the price of other downtown hotels. After a late night out, we were warmly greeted again, which made us feel so welcome. The host even extended our checkout time to 12:30 without us knowing it was an option, which was a pleasant surprise. Highly recommend this hotel for its cleanliness, comfort, and outstanding service!

Had a trip to Austin this weekend. Conor at the front desk was very friendly and always made sure we had everything we needed. Even though we only saw him a couple times when leaving and coming back to the hotel, he made the stay even better. Deserves a raise for sure.

Had a really good time this weekend, the front desk assistant Conor was amazing!

They offered bottled water replenishment upon arrival, then told me We had to buy it.  Also offered daily housekeeping then did not show up.

Decent room for the price, also really grateful for the late checkout today, otherwise I wouldn't have had time to shower and charge my phone before going to the airport after working this morning, the breakfast is good decent

It was one of the most AMAZING experiences I've had in DECADES, and I travel a lot. The staff is extremely helpful.

LEO ESTEP is an awesome employee. They need more like him. Whenever I come to visit AUSTIN TEXAS, I'M COMING HERE. Godspeed, everyone!!!

Stay here frequently and always very clean.   The front desk clerks are always very helpful and accommodating.   But special recognition to Ava, who really helped me recently when I needed it!

Great location and the staff at the front desk were excellent. Great attitudes and knowledgeable of places to eat and places to drink and hear music.
Room was very clean and the housekeeping staff were great at their job.

Thank you to Sisi and Ray at the front desk. Very accommodating and helpful during my stay. Anything I needed or any questions I had they were there to assist. Provided me with great places to eat and places for entertainment while I was in town.

Sisi is the best and speak spanish, the instalation is very nice room 218|Todos los empleados son muy amables tanto recepción como cocina limpieza y mantenimiento solo los tacos del billar necesitan reemplazarse, y más variedad en la tienda

Rooms were clean but mine smelled like cigarette smoke. The staff were friendly and helpful. Location was near the airport but had very little food options nearby. Overall it was sufficient but not the best experience.

The front desk ladies were incredibly nice upon check-in. The entire experience was pretty nice.

On our 3rd day, we came back to our room in the middle of the day to see our door was open. When we walked in there was a maintenance man going from our room to the adjoining room fixing a leak. There were multiple fans set up, our beds and property were moved and several of our items were wet. When I called the front desk I was told there was a leak and we’d have to move. We were never called before this, nor do we know how long our room was left open and if it was monitored the whole time or not. Our second room had a musty smell when the AC turned on, but we were leaving the next day and I didn’t want to move again. I was given points, but I do not stay enough to ever use them. I will definitely not stay here again if I visit Austin again.

Olivia at this location was great to work with at check in. The stay was great and we had no issues.

Rooms are a little small but pretty clean.  Layout of room feels like a Courtyard.  Also along a main road so depending on room location and if you’re a light sleeper worth a consideration.  Service is absolutely standard out.  Everyone I spoke to was so pleasant and helpful and I’d consider a return here when in town based on the service alone.

Stay was amazing…. The rooms were clean and nice…at check in the agent Olivia was super friendly and attentive. Her hospitality is top notch.
Will be back if ever in Austin again.

I was super impressed with this location’s front desk assistants. First of all, Olivia was such a an amazing team player that I felt the need to share my experience!
From the moment we arrived to the front desk, Olivia came fast with a vacuum on hand! She was cleaning apparently from some construction but she had the lobby smelling great we didn’t even noticed! She again was amazing at checking and was impressed how she was going the extra mile to ensure we felt welcomed!

And to top it off, we had a friend meet us at the hotel and when we came dow to the lobby, Olivia had already greeted them with a bottle of water making us feel much more appreciated of her work ethic!

It’s those personal touches in your staff that makes our stay worth it!

Again, such a great stay!

👏🏼

Olivia at the front desk was amazing

If you want to sleep with the cockroaches this is the place for you. If you want to be ignored by management about your concerns this is definitely the place for you to stay. So disgusting beyond belief. Stay far away from this hotel.

This was the perfect hotel for our work trip.  We stayed in a 1-bedroom suite and the layout of the room was great for me, who woke up early, and my wife, who slept longer.  The bathroom was separated by the living area from the bedroom. Our only complaint was the tiny refrigerator.

Great rooms. The only problem was that it shows on the website and the pictures on google that there’s a pool but they actually don’t have one. A bummer.

The manager was very nice during checkout and resolved my situation. Would stay again rooms were clean. Good breakfast and attentive staff.

Clean room good service

Shout out to asst. general manager Ava for being extra hospitable. The place closed down during my stay for renovations but Ava took care to book me in the next hotel. She also asked many times how my stay was and how I was doing.

The rooms are spacious and luxurious like any Marriott. Free parking and breakfast is available, something which other Marriotts need to implement as standard.

You are getting a lot for your money . Service by great workers.
I want to give 2 thumbs up for Olivia . On my first day here . I have a reservation issue .she took the time and patiently explained it to me. I have stayed 11 days . Love it

Ava and Ashala were amazing from the time of check-in. They were speedy and very professional. Ava did a great job of providing me with a welcome letter and great food recommendations. 😊 The rooms at the Fairfield are spacious, clean, and very well kept. 10/10

The room and parking was fine. Included breakfast was a bonus. But not having a working toilet was a serious problem. When we informed the front desk on a Saturday morning on our way out for the day.. (the front desk girl said she’s call someone right away).. we returned that evening (at least 10 hours later).. to find the toilet in the same inoperable condition. We were then further inconvenienced by having to wait for the desk to page a repairman who finally came and spent time “fixing it.” It took at least an hour and we managed to get 2 flushed in before it broke again. When management followed up with us.. they said “thanks for the feedback.”

Too bad.. the location was great but with such a lousy attitude from management.. I’ll find another hotel. I expected more from a Marriott property.

Horrible experience, I called to try an make a reservation over the phone. The lady was extremely rude for no reason she didn’t know what the check out time was… knowing basic hotel Information is kinda the point of working at the front desk or booking department. I believe some training might do this place justice.

I made a reservation and after spending the night at the hospital with my dying mother I came to the hotel to do a late check in to get a nap and change clothes until checkout. Unfortunately, they wouldn’t let me have the room. They charged me a no-show and then wanted to charge me again for the same room even though I would be using the room until check out. Avana was rude and didn’t care that I had already paid for the room. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!

Great hotel and service, we checked in and talked with Olivia while doing so. Very nice she is an asset to the Fairfield hotel. If we're ever in the area again we will book our stay right here

So the internet was done!!!
I was on a biz trip.
Staff was very friendly.
But what yo do?
They asked me to walk to their next door Marriott Hotel to use the Public WiFi in the lounge.
Ok. Not a huge deal. But an inconvenience as a Gold member.
Again, staff was ver forthcoming.
The reason why I’m even writing this review is because … gues what, 2 days later at another Martiott location in Houston … same isdue

Liliana at the front desk is AMAZING! She was so helpful.

Great customer service. Front desk staff was polite, helpful and super friendly.

Staff was friendly and very accommodating. The room was fine. Breakfast, the reason I booked, was very limited, not much to choose from.

Great staff, along with clean and comfortable room.

Stayed here for one night bcz we got stuck on a thunderstorms headed back to FTW😕. Very lovely hotel! Also if you stay here you can go next door to Springhill and use there INDOOR swimming pool which was BEAUTIFUL!! The breakfast here is also amazing!

I stayed here for SXSW and it was very reasonably priced for what it was. The hotel staff are amazing and very accommodating to any needs I had. There was a bus stop about a 5 min walk away that takes you downtown in about 45 minutes, but if you have a car you can get there in about 15 minutes. I found the rooms to be a touch dated, but for the price, I cannot complain!

Location is perfect, rooms VERY clean, and the service was excellent.  Will be our go to hotel in Austin from now on.

Great experience at the Fairfield made even more enjoyable By Sally at the front desk who provided excellent customer service

great hotel, sally was super nice to all of our team. would stay here again.

Very clean n friendly and great way to relax

Very comfortable bed and pillows.  I slept really well.  The room is large. I enjoy the coffee maker, microwave and small fridge in the room.  Free parking, breakfast included - which is great.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, lot’s of choices for breads, oatmeal, waffles, fresh fruit, strong coffee.  I am well pleased with the value.

Place is okay. The hallway on my floor had an odd smell. The carpet probably needs a steam clean. The maintenance of the place is good but parts are missing: rubber stops on door stoppers, hose for gym water dispenser, remote for gym tvs. There is no volume knob for gym speakers so you have to listen to whatever non-gym music the hotel is playing. The gym's dumbbells are rusty with torn rubber, and some are missing.

The room was clean. There is a billiards table.

Only half the staff I met were friendly.

Walked in to two huge dead roaches in the room. We got them up, but it was obvious that the room was given a very quick 1-2-3 before we checked in. The sofa was very comfortable and the bed was too. We had extra linen and pillows which was nice. The bathroom was small and we had to run the water for about 15 minutes to get hot water before each shower. The front desk staff was nice, check-in was easy and the hotel itself was about 10 minutes from Congress street and other attractions, and good food places.

A good place to stay when you need some alone time

Newly remodeled, comfortable, affordable.

It was a perfect stay.. joy at front desk and the lady at the breakfast area was above expectation.. beautiful property..neat and nice..

Convenient location. Clean space. Rooms seem a bit dated. But good for by the airport.

I showed up after midnight because of a reservation issue next door. The woman who worked the night shift was super helpful and she deserves a raise. The place was clean and had everything I needed. I forgot toothpaste and the front desk had one for me. The even had some bacon, coffee and juice in the morning. I'll be back.

Great location and friendly staff.

Do not stay here they refused to give me confirmation number after booking. Hung up on me three times after lying about my reservation. Once I received a false confirmation got placed on hold while they tried to get there stories straight. They eventually blammed on the prior shift. Will report charges as theft.

I don’t share reviews often, but for an exceptional employee of such high caliber customer service etiquette I felt it my duty to give recognition to the front desk employee named rozan. She was extremely polite and courteous and just overall made the stay an A+, I’ve been to other locations and they’ve had some just rude front desk people who don’t care but this one does

Rooms clean ,  breakfast one day not very good, Sunday was better.

I really wish I could give this hotel a great review because the front desk employee, Emily, was absolutely fantastic. She brought up fresh sheets and took the time to clean my bathroom after I had found multiple pubic hairs in the shower and on the toilet. Emily seemed to be the only one on staff that day (people were in line waiting for her return after she helped me) so her actions to assist me were even more appreciated. She was very kind, polite and friendly. I almost didn’t post this review simply because she had done such a great job but hours later, wide awake from loud neighbors and an oddly itchy bed has pushed me to post.

The reasons I had needed Emily’s help were because the bed was poorly made to the point that I wasn’t even sure the sheets had actually been changed. The mirror and glass on the shower were streaked and almost greasy looking. There were hairs in the shower and on the toilet and the towels were so sloppily arranged, again, I questioned if they had even been replaced. My room was cool but the hallway was suffocating! It made me feel bad for the staff. The shower switched from hot to cold to hot mid shower.

Outside of my experience with Emily, the only other enjoyable part of my stay was the fitness center. It was clean, easily accessible and had a nice small assortment of machines and weights.

This hotel seemed to be nice at one point but now seems aged and lazily maintained.

I will recommend to stay other hotels. I feel better off with place with good customer service, clean.

Nicest smelling room EVER!

If you are in the area, you definitely need to stay at this hotel.  The rooms are extremely clean and the beds are comfortable.  All of the front desk staff that we delt with were very helpful and friendly.  The breakfast was hot and delicious.
We will definitely stay at this hotel again!

Clean rooms, super friendly staff, easy checkin, great location

Older but mostly remodeled facility. Rooms slightly on the small side.

I am a frequent business traveler and Lennon at the front desk made this stay one of the best traveling experiences Ive had. Welcoming, kind and helpful throughout my stay. Thank you, I will be back.

We had an extremely restful and comfortable stay. Looking forward to another stay in the future.

My go to place to stay when I come to Austin.

Ask if the remodel is over before booking.

Nice staff and room. TV was broken in the room, the breakfast was very minimal relative to other hotels with free breakfast, and there is no pool in the building. Have to walk next door to a sister hotel if you want to swim. Not a terrible stay but not good either

Nice place

A decent place. They are doing a bit of reno.
The seemed unprepared and understaffed especially for breakfast.
Surely the college young men's baseball team that was also there had reservations.....they knew they would be feeding breakfast to x-number of guest.

Have the needed paper products on hand and restock OFTEN during breakfast hours.

All the staff was very courteous and welcoming.

Bring your earplugs.  No, really...do!  We were in one of the rooms furthest from I35 but still heard loud trucks and motorcycles all night (the facility is sideways to the interstate, so no rooms face away from the road).  My 'emergency' foam earplugs came in very handy.  Decent hotel, central location, and rates and the staff were very welcoming and friendly.

They never disclosed they were under construction and all the noise in the morning was ridiculous. They didn’t want to remedy the situation at all.

Staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel is under remodel and the morning we were there there was an unfortunate leak that sprung right over the breakfast buffet. The room was clean, quiet and served us well. Bathroom was on the small side though for two adults to share.

Breakfast could be better but our room was good as well as service. Wouldn’t mind to go again.

The day we came, the gentleman at the desk was so nice & accommodating & was the same each time I saw him.  The room was clean & we had EVERYTHING we needed.  I enjoyed the breakfasts with fresh fruit being out all day to enjoy.  This retired teacher gives you an A!!!! Thank you!

Dont go

Update for owner saying they couldn't find my stay. We had multiple rooms under a different name.

This is not a random review.

Good hotel for the price. Margo, the check in lady at the front desk, was SO NICE! I'd give more stars if I could just for her.

Very impressed by the customer service attitude at this hotel. Both maintenance and the front desk were very helpful

People stomping all hours of the night. The receptionist doesn't really know how to do her job and they don't work with ya if you make a mistake on your booking.

it would be nicer if the pool was open..

Good.

Really nice employees!!

Service was great. Room was clean

A little far from things but good deal

Had a great stay for one night.  Friendly staff!

Very friendly staff. Nice room.

Friendly staff and nice room. Easy to get to downtown Austin..

Ashley was very nice and helpful when checking in and helped me with directions to the marriott restaurant

Good breakfsst

Not up to usual marriot standard...

Rooms are just okay. There is no restaurant in the hotel.

Good place

Luxurious. Running water, heat, air conditioning, electric lights, soft beds, roof, walls, glass window with curtains, shower, sink, toilet, toilet paper, towels, mirror, clothes hangers and more.

Showed up after booking on the hotels website and the hotel was WAY over booked so no rooms!!! Seriously?! Girl at the front desk was calling other hotels to try and get everyone a room. We were sent to another hotel at the same rate which was fine and we were ok with this. The next day our card was ran for the $115 cancellation fee!!! I call the hotel and the lady that answers tells me she did not see we had a reservation at all with their hotel. I find the email with my confirmation # and explain they overbooked and we were relocated. They find the reservation and refund our money but say it can take 3-4 business days to go back in our account. This should not have happened at all. I have never had such a terrible experience with a hotel. I will not be staying at any Marriott hotels in the future.

Very nice and clean. I wish breakfast was later but other than breakfast everything was good

The carpet stinks, very dirty. I found a stain of blood on my sheets. Do not stay here!

Love it

The staff were very welcoming and helpful. The rooms and the public areas were very clean. The one downside is that the exercise room was missing weights and the tv on the exercise equipment was not working.

Room was moldy and stinky.

Very nice staff, great breakfast that accommodates vegetarians. Clean, but Needs major updating.

Super friendly staff, very quiet and peaceful and I will stay here again when I come back

Not a lot to say about this place. The rooms and restrooms were clean. The lobby and breakfast area is a little small, but adequate. The staff was friendly. Location is ok – not too far from downtown Austin or UT campus. I’d stay here again if I’m staying in Austin overnight.

Buena ubicación , camas comodas

They claim to have a heated pool and it says its 85 degrees but its not i don't think Texans know what heated means

A little outdated and has a weird smell, but good hotel

Staff was friendly. They had cookies and fruit out when we arrived, and a display celebrating all the new class of 2019 graduates! No issues with the room.

Great brownies

Courteous,hospitality,and
and good old fashion friendly

Good place to go

Free Buffet Breakfast- Lots of options, decent food. You can make yourself a Texas-shaped waffle or customize your oatmeal. The room we were booked in was clean, with comfortable a bed (lots of comfy pillows),and we felt that it was true to how it was shown in the photos. The staff is friendly, and free parking is available too. The shower also has a good water flow and gets hot fast and the AC works great.
We will definitely book here the next time we're in town.

Ok. Better looking inside then from the outside

I really liked the place,inside pool,restaurant in walking distance.

Old.

Great breakfast

Good and clean rooms. Staff was friendly and helpful.

Very friendly staff and a nice, extensive breakfast buffet. The rooms were a little dated, but very well maintained and clean. The value for a overnight stay was excellent and the location was extremely convenient.

The breakfast was good but the bed was kinda hard and the pool was cold but overall the staff was very nice and the place was clean

Nice place and my wife loved it.

Showed up and my room had been changed from a King to two fulls without notice. No accommodations, just a well that’s too bad we were oversold. Since I had already paid they didn’t seem to care at all. Customer service also was completely indifferent, almost with the attitude of it’s in the fine print, why are you calling?? It is my own fault for trying somewhere new. I’ll just go back to my trusted hotel brand.

Quick check in, stayed just one night but had a great rest. No interruptions all night. The room was super clean! Great place to stay.

Quick and easy service, nice room,  but the beds suck!

Sara greeted us right away and was very pleasant, professional and efficient! Rooms were awesome!!! Water pressure in the shower was great and the beds are super comfortable

Got to my room at midnight. Got ready for bed and noticed door had a large enough gap that I could see the carpet in the hallway. Door would not lock from inside but would not open from outside unless you had a key card. To tired to gather all my things and ask for another room. Told front desk in the morning and they just said thanks for telling me I didn't know. Thank goodness I only had to stay 1 night.

Room is spacious, super clean and comfy! Marriott...always great!

I have never given a bad review before but with this hotel, I have to. The only reason I’m giving this hotel two stars is because of the complimentary breakfast. My experience was beyond ridiculous. My friend and I were trying to have a good time in Austin, we were bothered multiple times on both nights that we stayed there, that we were being “too loud” and that the neigbors were complaining. We were watching TV and having a normal conversation. The walls are clearly thin since we could hear our neighbors as well. Second, the front lady was rude about me accidentally spilling food on the carpet and handed me a broom to clean it. Mind you, I have no issue with cleaning, it was her demanding and rude way of “asking”. Very rude night staff, horrible experience, will never return.

Great service, amenities, and reasonable prices. Decent breakfast and great coffee.

I was not impressed with this Fairfield.  One reviewer said the room smelled like mildew,  it was kind of a mix between mildew and a musky smell. The beds were small, the room was relatively clean. We only stayed one night and really just for a few hours as our flight was early am. I am disappointed.  The staff we interacted with seemed nice enough but this room did not live up to the Marriott name.

The positive was that the rooms were clean it was close to where we needed to go, the negative was a breakfast could have lasted a little longer and house keeping could have had less attitude

Room was perfect for what I needed. Bed was comfortable and the pillows were great. Water pressure in the shower was also good, notmally something that I have issues with.

Clean & good price

Friendly staff

5 stars for Chelsy at the front desk.  She was so friendly and nice and made me feel welcome.  Give her a raise!

Nice lobby and staff. I didn't go into a room. I was just picking someone up.

The service has been excellent and the staff is very polite. Will stay here again.

Standard cleanliness but AC was not functioning as expected

The rooms were nice and cold immediately which I enjoy. Staff amazingly friendly, rooms clean.

Very nice and peaceful location. Good amenities. Nice bar and restaurant in the hotel. Staff was friendly and helpful.

Flexible and hospitable

Very nice

So far so good, it's a room and a place to sleep. No complaints

Really nice hotel with cookies at the front. The breakfast is great and there's a nice clean pool. The staff is friendly and the rooms are really spacious and clean.

Location wise it was ok, service was good but the hotel is a bit dated, clean but dated.

Wonderful staff, the rooms are quite comfortable and even accommodated my super early check in here. I appreciate this property

Hotel regular, ya necesita una renovación, el cuarto olía a humedad.

The room itself was fine. My issue is with the front desk and management. I booked through Expedia, which I have done hundreds of times before without issue. I understand the need to swipe my card for "incidentals" and I know the fee is usually $20-$50 and is dropped after a few days. This time however my card was swiped 4 different times in the amounts of $99.57, $79.57, $80.00 and $20.00. One of those charges went through as completed and the other 3 are still pending. No one can seem to give me a straight answer on what or why these charges were made to my card when my room was already prepaid! Extremely frustrating! All I've gotten is a we'll look into it, still waiting for a manager to call me back.

Friendly staff and clean hotel! If I ever visit Austin again this is the hotel I'd book!

We stayed in a first floor room workers were helpful while the event logic concert was even better

Easy Access from Interstate and Convenient to our concert venue.

Great staff & clean property

It was nice environment...the person we were visiting was very well taken care in the hotel

Seems like a good place. We had a great stay. The desk people are wonderful and the breakfast great.. Nice clean room.

Place sucks goat balls

Outdated, small breakfast, area and got a call from desk about a noise complaint on our room when the boys were sleeping not even up making noise?

My stay was easy and enjoyable for the night I was there. The receptionists I dealt with were very nice and helpful. The location was perfect being right off the highway and less than 15 minutes from downtown. The two queen room was coean and had all the features I wanted including a mini fridge. Everything was perfectly clean, as it should have been. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay and would stay there again in the future.

Excellent customer service

Beautiful place and an inside swimming pool doesn't get any better than here i love it

Stay was comfortable and the staff was nice!

The hotel itself was good, but the interior design of this place is odd. I mean it's like the 70's hit the millennium with a bat. Whatever, it's ok.

Good hotel for the price. Nice staff and decent free breakfast. Only downside was that over the course of the 3 days we were there, we had to get new room keys at least 4 times because the magnetic strips just didn't seem to work properly.

Nice hotel. Great rate. Even has a pool.

The beds are decent, but the prices are good for the room size and the amenities. Service has been great as well.

Buena locacion, excelente servicio al cliente.

It's a nice hotel but I dont think it is a 5 star hotel. Parking is great especially since they have reserved parking for elite members. The room was a little tight but comfortable.

First off the staff was amazing . Great customer service and always nice . Other than that it was mold on the top ceiling , little bugs in my bed and the pool was down so we had to go to another hotel just to use one. However the staff took care of the mold and bugs problem very quickly! But it shouldn’t of been a problem in the first place.

Everything about this place is pleasant. My only complaint is wifi speed and the street lights, depending on which room you're in. But overall, staff is amazing and room is clean. Area seems safe too.

Very quaint! The rooms are clean and spacious for a one bedroom. My boyfriend and I love it! The pool looks amazing and they had cookies at the door! Never seen that before!!! Sarah was sooooo nice and friendly upon on arrival!
I highly recommend people to stay here!

Good service.

Hotel is nice and clean, and convenient to 290 and 35. Nothing flashy, but good hotel. I'm a return customer!

Nice place,but no airport shuttle

TV did not work.  Shower curtain was too short and the shower got water all over the floor every time I showered.  Bed was pretty bad, although the pillows were the same as what I am used to at Marriott Hotels.  The powdered eggs were terrible.  I usually stay at the Residence Inn, but nothing was available at a government rate.  This was a HUGE step down for only a few dollars less.

My room was clean and had a comfortable bed. The arm chair was not at all comfortable and lighting was too dim.

Great staff. Facility is a little dated, but with a few recent upgrades.

Bartender was nice. Made strong drinks. Clean environment. Didnt order food but it smelled good

I liked the Fairfield, however, I wish the TV worked better, it was dim, and the channel selection was poor. I also don't understand having to pay for faster internet.

Great breakfast.

Cool

What is not advertised is that all coffee on premises is bold flavor only. No choice at free breakfast or in-room.  If you like Bold coffee, nirvana. If not, dont stay. Also, room HVAC issue was provided in morning after 2nd night to correct. Mgt waited until I returned late at night to address in a freezing 60 degree room.  No alternate room or price reduction offered.

The inn at Fairfield was very enjoyable. They service was stupendous and very kind. The food was also quite enjoyable.

Love to stay at this chain

The hotel is very nice and clean. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly! Great location near alot of attractions.

Room was ok. Staff was great.

Very nice. & comfortable stay @ Fairfield Marriott South in Ausrin Tx. 👌

Greeted promptly and directed to my room. Was told about breakfast start and end time. Room 210, was nice and clean. Bed was i felt warn but still sufficient for a good nights sleep. Shower had shampoo and soap, water was warm quickley. Overall a positive stay.

I have stayed at this hotel a few times, but this time it seemed like the hotel is seeing it's age. There was mold in the bathroom (along the ceiling), the wallpaper was starting to come off, and the towels had a strange odor.

This was kind of a frustrating place to stay.  It was noisy and we could hear everything happening above us while the highway noise kept us up.  The room was bright through the night.  Housekeeping was also difficult - they left garbage even on the first day, and forgot to clean our room several times.  Once, they barged in at 8 AM making all kinds of noise while we were asleep, but didn't return during the day.  Amenities were lacking; the hair dryer they gave us was somehow greasy, and even when our room was cleaned they often forgot to replenish supplies.

Decent place. Very nice staff, gave a fantastic suggestion for dinner. Rooms are a bit dated, but not awful by any means. One unfortunate thing was that my room on the 3rd floor faced the front entrance, and the lights in the parking lot are basically dwarf stars. So bright it's difficult to describe. The room did have black out curtains, but I typically like to not close curtains completely, not sure why, maybe I think the sun will wake me up if I over sleep. Wouldn't have mattered this visit, because my flight was so early it would be dark no matter what. But I didn't completely close the blinds and when my alarm woke me at 4 am it looked like full daylight outside behind my partially closed curtain. I freaked a little until I got my bearings. Walked next door to the Marriott for a few drinks and to watch the game (there are like 5 Marriott properties next to each other). If you stay here, you are in between the Marriott and the courtyard, so can walk to either for drinks and food. There is nothing else easily walkable nearby except a 24/7 circle k. The curtain thing is easily overcome. However, there was no airport shuttle and I spent $20 on an uber. Note that I didn't book the room myself, and if I had, I would have booked one of the many hotels next to the airport, because I was only there because I couldn't get a flight the day before.

Great convenient location. Rooms are decent. Friendly staff. Clean rooms, slightly small.

Excellent guest service, beautiful rooms, I highly recommend this place.

Breakfast was good. Room was clean. Easy to get to. Good location. Good stay.

Awesome stay everything was great

Very good for business stays close to i35 clean and tidy

Very nice hotel. Didn't eat the breakfast, but having the two separate areas for parents and kids was very nice

Good staff, clean rooms. Will stay there again

I was put in two different rooms, and there were bugs in both. The front desk was sympathetic, offered rewards points but ultimately couldn't do much as I was staying with a group and couldn't switch hotels. Having bugs in the room really doesn't encourage you to eat the free breakfast... I would not stay here again, there are FAR nicer places in Austin.

Austin staff are very helpful and friendly extra clean rooms and a variety of breakfast

Muy cómodas las camas y el desayino está variado. Los snaks qur dan están bien. Buen precio y cerca del centro, considerablemente

Very nice experience, just be aware of wifi being limited to 2mbps unless you pay a daily rate.

It wAs nice. They have fresh baked cookies at front desk... yummy 😀

Beds were okay, and very close to a noisy freeway. Pretty standard for what it is otherwise. Not bad, reasonable prices, and the rooms are okay.

Comfy

Clean room, friendly staff, carpet was wet from shampooing when we entered room.

The room was very clean and the staffs were very nice.

It was a very pleasant stay. When we arrived they had cookies water and balloon for my husband birthday waiting in the room too sweet. Also we stayed for a wedding and my cake made it through the night. Prefect night had a greater morning when breakfast was complimentary. Thanks had a blast....

Pros:
Clean room and bathroom
Free breakfast.
No vending machine but a nice pantry for quick bites
A row of Marriott hotels in the vicinity.

Cons
Nothing close by. Can't walk to anywhere to eat, drink etc.

Breakfast isn't great, but the pillows are comfy

Pretty conveniently located. Clean, good sized rooms.

Rooms and front lobby are clean.   Rooms are decent size. Breakfast is nothing special but will do. Staff is courteous.

Good people working There makes all the difference.

I stayed at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin South in checked in Friday when the shart of Hurricane Harvey was hitting the coast of Texas.

Despite the bad weather, I really wanted to see Austin and see what Texas had to offer. My visit was pleasent and nice. We checked in the front desk welcomed us to the hotel and helped us checked in.

After a long night of hitting up Austin, I went right to bed and enjoyed my nice and spacious room. Even the security was very pleasent and had a conversation about our stay and how we were liking Austin.  Next day woke up and asked for a late check out which was great and help me prepared my 4 hours back drive to Dallas.

Would defiantly come back! Great location, have a shuttle bus, great staff and awesome service.

Didn't have a mini fridge in my room

Very Cost effective for visitors.

Decent amenities at this location. There is a breakfast area, a small market, and a gym from what I saw. The room was clean but the walls are thin. The closet is open and relatively small. The towels are not the softest either. Not a bad place if you don't want to spend much and don't intend to stay all day at the hotel.

Affordable room, decent location, desk girls were nice, and the fruit infused water in the lobby was my favorite

The hotel was clean and nicely kept. The employees were friendly. The breakfast had plenty of options and the food was fresh. The only thing that would have made it better was to have a washer and dryer on property.

Tits ok

Nice clean hotel, large rooms with lots of space. Nice breakfast area with a hot breakfast. Plenty of parking and conveniently located. Bathroom is a bit small, but the rest of the room is quite spacious. Would stay here again.

Great

It was okay. Not quiet what Marriott usually has to offer. Room phone was out of service and there was bad cell reception inside rooms.

Front desk was nice and informative

Nice and great place to stay. Is accessible to most places including Downtown. Front desk folks were a bunch of helpful ones. Won't mind going back.

Decent breakfast, comfortable bed

Pretty standard room. The hair dryer was missing so we had to request from the front desk.

Very. Pleased appreciated breakfast CLEAN. Rooms associates. R all friendly  & belpful

Great staff who accommodated any request. Nice complimentary breakfast. Rooms seemed to leak in humidity from outside. Understandable though.

Very nice and helpful staff. Rooms were​ decent but need some upgrades.

High quality for a hotel of its type.

Nice quiet hotel

Staff were very friendly and helpful

Friendly staff, clean and spacious room

Heat hotel.  Fantastic staff... stayed here last year and same great experience.  I travel a lot and this has to be the best service i have received at a hotel.

Lovely service, somewhat demanded area. Fairly close to downtown

Super clean, comfortable room. Smooth check in, friendly staff and easy access to the airport.

Decent hotel, but was expecting a little better quality for the price I paid. Have stayed in nicer hotels for less money, but it could just be the market.

It is kind of dull considering the price

The staff here is fantastic!!! I can't say that enough. The front desk staff actually sound like they enjoy what they are doing. They try to do whatever they can to make your stay enjoyable. Including entertaining infants so I could help my 2.5 year old. Btw they are so friendly my 2.5 year old talked to them and she won't talk to anyone she doesn't know. On to the housekeeping... I had left some bottles that needed to be washed on the counter, They washed them and put them on a towel to dry. As a mom of 2 young kids doing little things like that is great. We will definitely stay here again if we go back to Austin.

It's okay. The staff is very friendly, but the beds are not very comfortable. Breakfast is a typical hotel one. Pool is a bit cold.

Nice place

I slept well here

Clean and basic room.

Nice rooms. Good breakfast. No hot to though

Friendly front desk, clean rooms, good breakfast. Be aware that depending on your room location, you may have highway noise.

No mini fridge in the rooms.  No microwave.  No outside seating.  Really good breakfast, though.

It's okay. Not a bad place to stay for a Fairfield Inn.

Staff was really nice. Location was good. Room was a bit on the older side. Bed was not comfortable.

Desde el momento en que llegas son muy amables en la recepción, las instalaciones muy limpias, los cuartos son amplios y comodos. Responden bien cuando tienes algún problema de mantenimiento.
Excelente lugar para llegar.

Joyable staff & comfortable accommodations...

Room is fine.  Service staff is fantastic.  There was just a small delay in checking in and they upgraded my room for the inconvenience.  I was happily surprised.  TV is a bit off on the color/contrast and there is no way to adjust it with the supplied remote.

The hotel is a great value

Nice hotel, right off of interstate

Friendly and welcoming staff. The room was clean, but the road outside was a tad loud.

Uncomfortable bed

Clean room, breakfast was decent.

Very quiet. A little cheaper than the other Marriott offerings, but still very nice.

Hospitality of the front desk is top notch.

The front desk on Thursday evening was very courteous and helpful. Really enjoyed our room.

The room was relatively clean and the staff was organized. However I cannot stay here again. When the person above me woke up I could hear every step they made. This was extremely frustrating and prevented me from having a good night's sleep at the hotel.

Excellent customer service, indoor swimming pool, breakfast areas is  small but cozy. I would stay there anytime.

The Fairfield Inn and Suites Austin South has a pleasant atmosphere, clean rooms, and is a few steps above my average hotel experience. Continental breakfast was good, and our room was very nice. The hotel's attendants were all very nice and accommodating. I would definitely stay here again.

Good location.   Room was clean and bed was comfortable.  Staff was very responsive!

Simple place with good breakfast

Nice hotel with nice rooms. We got there at 3a so it did what we needed it to do...help us sleep.

Excellent rooms except no fridges or microwaves.

The rooms are clean. The location is about 10 minutes from the airport, which is an added bonus. The staff is friendly and very helpful and accommodating. I have stayed here a few times before and I've never had an unpleasant experience!

Big Comfy rooms with tons of space, my only negative would be the slight mildew smell.

Katie checked us in and was super fast, polite, and professional and very helpful. I went to Katie for a recomendation of a place to grab some dinner and Katie steered us right!

Very friendly staff!

Fancy rooms!

Wonderful experience. very amazing staff. Highly recommended

Great room

Hotel is dated. Not bad for inexpensive hotel, but not my first choice. Staff was great.

Beautiful hotel, amazingly helpful staff. Definitely worth it.

Nice room. Could usesome minor enhancements

Rooms were clean and front desk lady was very sweet and professional.

Cozy rooms!

Great lobby. Very clean

Don't fix stuff and make alot of noise
when people are still asleep

Thanks to the host who gave us water and cookies at 11 pm last night. Beds were soft, and we appreciate the courtesy email about the power outage. Great stay.

Beds are ok

Clean, easy to find and well equipped.

Staff was very friendly!

My hotel room smells like spray paint. But they did have good coffee and a decent continental breakfast

Huston, Lafayette, Austin overall great service and nice rooms

Outside of the city, but a quick trip to South Congress for nearby bars and restaurants. The little perks like the random bottles of water or warm cookies are nice.

Simple but clean, good value for money

It's a great hotel to stay in Austin. Not far from the downtown area. Front desk staff is friendly. Great tasting cookies. Room are comfortable and relaxing. Great hotel with a reasonable price. I love Marriott hotels!!! :)

Good everything!

Make up on the pillow. One bed not on the frame all the way. No lamp shade. oh and at 1 am austin police searched the whole floor for someone...heh

Good experience overall. Only complaint is that the free coffee downstairs ends once the pot is empty and then you have to buy coffee from  the Starbucks bodega downstairs.

Very clean and well managed

The staff was very friendly and professional. They even thanked me post visit for staying with them. Only reason I did not give 5 stars, the price. There are two other Marriott hotels adjacent, that may have been cheaper. My room for the night was $150+. I commute from SA-ATX sometimes and that day I decided to stay in ATX rather than fight 35 traffic for 3 hours. I didn’t research or anything just stopped at the hotel nearest to me to avoid Austin traffic.

Over all, it’s nice but I would look at the hotels next this one for a better rate.  I am Titanium Elite member.

Sorry no photos, forgot to grab a few.

I come to this location once a week for work. I use my CLC card that pays for the room through my company apparently with no problem until today 3/31/26 about 5:30 PM. I walk in and there are three females that I've never seen before at the counter. I noticed that one of the ladies is being trained by another female individual. The lady that is being trained asked for my name, phone number, email address. I then tell her "and you should see that my room is being paid for through CLC per my job". The other lady that is training this new lady jumps in and says "wait a minute wait a minute we're getting there". Ok! So then I could tell the lady being trained wasn't quite sure on what to do next so the lady that was the trainer said I will have to pay for my room taxes with my card. I said, with my card? She says yes. I say no, my job pays for my hotel through CLC. She abruptly says no information is here about your card on file you will have to pay. I said I'm a loyal customer I've been coming here once a week for a couple of months now and have not had this problem of having to pay for my room. She stops me and says you will have to pay for your room and tax and incidentals. I said OK well I have my bosses credit card number let's kick it in, and she stops me no no no you have to swipe your card or use a chip. I said, it has been done before with no problem why is there a problem now. No no no she says swipe or use the chip with a tone in her voice. Now I'm getting pissed. Every other time I've been here I have had no problem until I see you, haven't seen you before and now it's a problem. Again she tries to swing the computer screen around so I can see it, which I don't know what the hell I'm looking at so I told her that's not my job to see that. Then I said you know what that's fine, I'll go give one of these neighboring hotels my business instead of here. She says OK like no problem, bye! So then I call the CLC hotline and explain to her what this lady was telling me. The CLC representative says she doesn't know why she's saying that because she sees the virtual card and my information. The CLC representative says give me a second let me call the hotel. I'm on hold six minutes and the CLC representative comes back and says, I'm still on hold waiting to talk to her. As soon as she picked up she told me to hold so I'm still waiting. I said OK she says I'll be right back. Seven minutes go by she comes back and says, she still has me on hold. She picked up and says hold please, never acknowledged herself or gave me a chance to acknowledge myself she says. Very unprofessional she says. At that time I'll tell her forget it just cancel my room this is craziness. She continues to apologize for her and I told her it's not her fault. I said for her to leave you on hold that long they are not even busy I was just in there.
So now I'm writing this review in hopes of reaching as many people as I can to not come to this hotel because, she ruined my experiences here. Not going to complain about the food at the bar because it's subpar, or the elevator needs to be updated or the thin walls and ceilings that you can hear the people talking next door like they're in your room. What I liked was the friendliness and the service from the other females which one is an Asian lady and one is a black lady that was wholesome and welcoming which made me come back. Not anymore. There is a whole row of hotels next-door to this one that you can choose from. Just don't choose this one.

Was an average experience.  The Bonvoy program, even at a high status level doesnt provide much benefit. Asking for bottles of water seemed to be a bit of a chore, let alone a bag of tea.  The room itself was decent enough, but you could tell that the floor was uneven under the rugs as if construction wasn't level.  Everything is an extra cost add-on... which probably has more to do with the property management company than Marriott itself, but generally average.  I'd rather stay next door at Springhill.

Stayed here for three nights, on the second day I left work early and had issues with the WiFi in my room so I went to the lobby to see if maybe I could connect downstairs and work at one of the tables in the lobby. I could not connect. When I asked the front desk for assistance she simply stated that there were too many people using the WiFi and I should try later. As I waited at a table to "try later" she casually walked over to the Starbuck's bistro and came back with a drink. It was closed. The following day, I decided I would go to the pool, but the door was locked and I could not enter. The water looked murky. Today as I left there was a sign stating the pool was closed. Zero notification that the pool would be closed. This was not the best stay, I am a Bonvoy member and just expect at best the minimum.

BYOC
Bring your own coffee pot.
Starbucks only.
Staff was great, room was basic- I didn’t even see a fridge but the coffee pot for me was enough to just get in take a bath and not stay. Didn’t even sit on bed. Area is sketchy just didn’t feel safe leaving my car in parking lot also.
It’s a Marriot ! Why are there not coffee pots in rooms?

Just a work trip nice rooms fair price.

My experience here at this hotel was worse than a 1 star. I checked in and was given keys to room 318, and upon walking to the unit I noticed the door was cracked. I knocked and received no response. I opened the door and see someone laying down on the floor and then someone was laying on the bed. I immediately turned around walked back to the office. I informed the front desk and she told her manager Ava who is the assistant general manager. The front desk lady came back out and said “she doesn’t believe you, so she’s going to walk with you to the room”. I was in utter shock and then Ava came out and said that I coud take a seat, but the room was vacant and she was going to check. I asked did she think I was lying and she said “I just need to check”. I asked for a general mangers card and the front desk said Ava was that manager. I made a call and was complaining how I was told to wait while they verify my statement. Ceptember who I was told was the area manager, came out and didn’t say one word to me. I asked for her information and was given and she still didn’t speak to me! The service, my experience, and everything in between was horrible.

Nice clean hotel in an industrial area near i35 and 70 in Austin staff is always great but they do run a little thin.

I had a very poor experience at this hotel. I spent a week here visiting Austin for business purposes. My room was extremely outdated, dark, dingy, and stained. The hotel washer and dryer was out of service for the duration of my visit, I had to spend an evening at a laundromat. My balcony door handle fell off, I could not access the balcony. The parking lot was constantly filled with homeless people on drugs. When I expressed my concerns they offered me a free coffee… I would absolutely not recommend.

My experience here was great but the laundry room had one washer working and one dryer working and the other washer and dryer was broken, that's unsatisfactory!

I was in town for business this week from London.  I''m a long time Bonvoy member, and in my life have never had pay to park at a budget hotel likely Courtyard.   I could understand that if there was somewhere to go and you kept vagrants out of your lot, but neither were the case.   The hotel also smells, like a lingering odor.  I will add a similar review to Trip Advisor. Something isn't right with this hotel

One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in.  First, it's $10 to park but there's not a thing in site to walk to.   Second, it's filthy- there were bugs in the sink and dirty sheets.   Last, there was a homeless guy in the parking lot used my car for his business.  . Nasty, disgusting,  never again

Unfortunately, my experience fell far below the Marriott standard||||Upon arrival, the room was visibly unclean — there were toothpaste splatters and residue in several areas. The hallways smelled strongly of marijuana throughout the night, which gave me a headache and made my wife and me extremely uncomfortable.||||At check-in, the front desk attendant made an inappropriate comment advising us not to visit 6th Street because of “homeless people.” That was disappointing and unprofessional, especially since it was a key reason we chose this location.||||Additionally, there was ongoing construction noise late into the evening. When I asked to move rooms, I was told the hotel was fully booked and that no accommodation could be made.||||Finally, the on-site bar refused service 10 minutes before closing time, despite multiple guests still waiting.||||Given the combination of cleanliness, professionalism, and comfort issues, I respectfully request a full refund for this stay. I have photo evidence of the room condition if needed.||||Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to your response.||||Sincerely,||Gabriel Hill

Nice hotel. Very clean. Great location

I had an incredibly poor experience at this property. Room was just OK and not super clean. They charge for parking with a massive lot shared by four different Marriott properties. Occupancy is very low and parking is definitely not in demand. I was using points for this stay and received a fairly large unauthorized charge on my card during the stay. When I went to speak to the manager, Patricia, she was no where to be found on two separate occasions. She never made any attempt to assist and she also did not return two phone calls. She did not respond to emails either and left her desk employees to deal with customer concerns that they had no control over. As a two decade Marriott Platinum Elite member, I expect more from property managers. Now I am going through the dispute process because this person is choosing to avoid taking care of customers. Unacceptable, unprofessional, and not cool. Find a different Marriott property to stay at if you can.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

It is important to highlight that as of July 2025 on-site parking is no longer complimentary. Be prepared to spend USD 10.00 + tax per night for parking, which is highly unusual for a suburban Courtyard property that has its own sizeable parking lot around it.

I would have no issue paying an additional $10 per night, and neither would I have complained about this when staying at a downtown hotel.

But as a customer who purposefully chooses a suburban property to not face this issue, it leaves a feeling of being misled in this setting where one would usually expect parking to be included.

After having stayed at five other suburban Courtyards in the past year (Dallas DFW North, Dallas Plano Parkway, Houston Westchase, Austin Parmer Tech Ridge, Chicago Wood Dale) this is the first time I was confronted with a parking fee.

room door was breaking down, bugs found in room multiple times, traffic is loud if you are on the side by I35, no free breakfast. A/C is on a timer that will shut off if you aren't moving, so it is hard to sleep in due to the heat.

Overall a very nice place but felt it was a little pricey for one night.

Front desk workers very respectful understanding and don't take no bs

Pool water was freezing. Front desk was very nice. Room was clean and comfortable. No complaints.

Positive: Bottom floor Negative: Air conditioner in lobby was broke and it was hot

Voyage professionnel. Chambre simple et propre. Petit déjeuner à éviter… coûteux et mal servi

The location is a bit shady but the rooms were nice and service was also great

Great hotel, very friendly staff. The breakfast burrito at the lobby cafe was good. Location is nice, right off of the interstate and 15 minutes from the airport.

Absolutely above and beyond measure service, smiles, genuine care and kindness

People are way to generation with the 5-stars. This place charges you for bottle water. Owner loves to reply with false promises.

Just look at the vents in the bathroom and you will likely throw up. To the owner who continually replies to these comments, their team strives to blah blah blah. You, yes owner you, should invest into a cleaning service so you don't have to use "your team" as a scapegoat.

A bit noisy for the price level.   Thin walls and poor doors.   Pool closed for maintenance all weekend.

I will never stay here again.  You have to pay for parking and breakfast.  When their Wi-Fi went down and made me late for my remote job the best they could offer was "upgraded Wi-Fi during my stay".  Pathetic.

The staff was helpful and friendly, our rooms were clean and ready, the fitness center had everything we needed, and the location is convenient.  Excellent stay!

Great stay for families. Easy access to the airport and downtown. Excellent service.

Huge shout out to April for her warm and kind hospitality! She is very welcoming and made sure we knew how to get around the hotel and the surrounding area. |Great property close to the airport. Convenient since it’s right by the 35. Plenty of parking in case you’re parking a car.

This is a very NOISY hotel.  The a/c / Heater units are lout.  The elevator is noisy.  The hotel guest service is inattentive. I would stay here again.

Juana is always amazing at the South Austin location.   She is attentive and gracious making the end of a crazy work day stress free. I am staying at this location almost weekly as I started a new job and unless I am traveling elsewhere this is my go to locations and Juana helps make it a home away from home.

Hotel is quite old but ok. E.g. automatic door at the entrance did not work. However, staff is great! Especially MJ who greets you every morning with a smile and serves tasty breakfast fast! 😀……..,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,

The hotel staffs were pleasant, rooms were comfy. The Starbucks in the lobby is pretty good and the hosts (especially MJ) was great. |Only point which I wish the owners did something to improve was if they gave a complimentary bottle of water.

MJ was Awesome!! Very friendly and helpful!! She's a real asset to the Hotel. Also the frontdesk was helpful as well. The room is very comfortable with a balcony for fresh air....outstanding. MJ made the coffee and cooked the eggs perfectly!!!!

MJ here at this location was very good and provided excellent customer service.|Breakfast in the morning was very fresh and delicious .|I would highly recommend this place and love to come back again whenever I plan to come back to Austin.|This is very easily accessible from interstate

I always have a very pleasant experience at the Courtyard! The front desk ensures my room preferences are available and are very friendly. MJ at the bistro always greets me with a smile and makes a perfect latte! I travel frequently and always feel confident my stay will be comfortable.

Great property, decent location right off the freeway and some options nearby. There is a cheerful quaint restaurant called bistros inside the hotel lobby that serves the best breakfast burrito I’ve had in my life,Without question. Tho the bistro is closed in the middle of the day, they’re open during breakfast and dinner hours and serve those options. Along with some Starbucks coffee products.
This Hotel has an indoor pool, weight room.
The washer and dryer can only be used though a mobile  app on your mobile phone called ShinePay. There is a picture of the app in the photos provided.

Mj was my morning  savior,  very pleasant  and easy to talk , with a smile on her face everyday it made it easy to start the day off right. The rooms were clean. Food was a little expensive but it's a hotel0 so it's convenient , it's  worth the stay overall come visit mj for some good coffee an conversation

The entire staff are very friendly and the rooms are clean and spacious. My server MJ at the Bistro was super nice and very professional! Highly recommend this Courtyard Marriott Location!|This location is very accessible to the interstate and many restaurants!

Spacious suite. Unfortunately unable to use the balcony due to wasps nests. The room needs a good cleaning, lots of stains on the furniture, walls, and carpet.  The bottom of the glass shower door was chipped, wallpaper buckling.  I sent the office manager an email and received a generic, boilerplate, response.  I was disappointed given the fact this is a Marriott hotel that I paid a premium rate to stay.

Standard Courtyard. Nothing great, but nothing bad to report about our stay.

This is a great hotel. We’ve been staying here several times a year for 5 years.  April, Jacob, Shawn, Enric, and all the front desk people are very nice and professional!  They are so friendly and always make us feel so welcomed! They are the main reason that we always return to this hotel. The hotel is well kept, rooms are clean, and it is at a very convenient location.

THIS HOTEL IS HORRIBLE! When I was checking into my hotel, the lady at the front desk was continuously making me verify my information. My dad booked the room for me and after providing her with the needed information she refused to give me my key and left for lunch. Still no help. When I finally got to my room, it looked as if it hadn't even been cleaned. The bed was not made, and trash not taken out. Throughout my time at the Courtyard, staff was not friendly nor helpful. There are so many other hotels in Austin. Save your money and your sanity, GO ANYWHERE ELSE.

Room clearly is barely cleaned between guests. Smudges on counters, hair in bathroom that was here when we arrived, halls smell of mildew/generally weird sour smell. Clean sheets does not mean a clean room. Acceptable but not great and would not recommend to anyone who could afford better. Carpet in stairwell is a trip hazard as it's uneven on some steps and on the 1st and 2nd floor landing. "Clean" room with a floor dirty enough to mark up the white bath mat they left us to use. Dirt and mystery smudges on floor and walls near light switches. Desk clearly not even wiped down at all. Hardly the worst hotel I've been in but I was hoping for better and cleaning seems like the least a hotel could do.

Room was a nice size.  Front desk employee was helpful. Didn’t really hear the higher. I would stay there again.

My mother checked into hotel under my dad’s account ( her husband ) and the front desk lady was being very difficult. She said he needed to call and confirm so we did and he was on the phone and the lady proceeded to go back on her word saying the verification wouldn’t work and he would have to call the actual hotel personally. When asked to speak to manager or a phone number for corporate she claimed they didn’t have a number which is another lie. After going back and forth she left to speak with a manager ( who she said we couldn’t speak with and then was on lunch lol ) and came back and checked us in . When we got to our room the keys didn’t work… had to go back . Very unprofessional and not transparent

Things are great here at the Courtyard Marriott. The service is fantastic, and the rooms are good. My only complaint is the air freshener scent in the lobby, which was ridiculously strong. It literally burnt my nostrils, and the smell lingered in my nose for hours—no joke. Other than that, it was a pleasant stay.

I woke up from a good night of dancing and a lil bit of drinking,only to wake up and go to the lobby to be told there’s no breakfast, that you had to pay for it, which pissed me off a bit , but then I went to the restroom in the lobby only to find out it doesn’t close, honestly I thought this hotel was nice at first but then it started to show it’s true colors as a hotel the skips corners and in all honesty seems like it’s trying to squeeze as much money out of you,

The Hotel is old and is right across the street  from the highway. The room and bed is okay.  However  the bathroom was not the clean the vent was rusty. The shower head was not clean. Didn't  even shower with the light on in the bath room.
There is no complimentary breakfast.  The pool looks so cloudy. The bathrooms need some renovation The drain in the vanity was not clean cannot regulate shower it'd  either it's too hot or too cold. I would not recommend  this hotel.  Had to change room because of rust the mold smelly  wet carpet.

Room was spacious and clean. Check in experience was wonderful. Only thing I would criticize is the mildew smell in the hallways.

The hotel wasn't centrally located, requiring a drive to reach. While close to the airport, the Courtyard's quality remained consistent. The room was tidy and clean with a comfortable bed, though only a hand soap bar was provided in terms of toiletries. Breakfast was chaotic, with long queues and an additional fee. Noise cancellation was inadequate, as external noises were easily heard. At $169, the Courtyard seemed pricey for its offerings. My name was printed wrongly too on the computer welcome screen.

I Loved the view in my balcony room all thanks to Joy at the front desk😊! Joy made my night when I arrived. The walls are thick to where you don’t hear the city noise at night (if you don’t want to). Very cool indoor pool. I will definitely recommend this hotel and conveniently located near highway.

No complaints about services or the room, but if you want to have good rest which a hotel is all about, this one fails every single night I had the stay here. It simply is so noisy, you can hear your next door’s movement; or some people  party from 2am to 4am. I would never ever come bavk

Super kind and nice service, amazing room, I will definitely choose this place to stay for longer than one day because of the cute kitchenette and relaxing living room, would love to try the pool next time as well. Breakfast was great, they had waffle mix-ins and they also had sausage which I have never seen at a hotel before. Will definitely come back next time!

The service is good, but there is too much dust....

Pool updated. Elevator stinks. Rooms okay but reek of air freshener

Terrible Marriott, worst I have ever stayed at.  Dirty, no amenities, loud.  Book a king sofa room and got a double queen, and was told basically tough by the night young lady.  Said they were at full capacity.  No help! We went back up to our dirty room and tried to book another king sod for the weekend, and there were several available.  Lazy millennial desk workers and cleaners.  Stay somewhere else!!!!!!

I was visiting colleagues at this location and I got to witness one of the most amazing things that I have not seen at any hotel. I'm a pilot so I stay at a lot of hotels. The front desk lady I think her name is Tensha not sure if that spelling is right. There was a gathering there and I noticed her comforting one of the guest and after ease dropping as she was translating the person who was flustered was deaf and there was no one in the whole building that could communicate with this person except her and she translated every time they asked even when she got little busy she done it with a smile Marriott I am a Hilton person and I am so pleased to see you have accessibility for your guest. I spoke to her too and told her how amazing that is she then informed me that she's from Dominica Republic but raised in Atlanta and she volunteers at a deaf school in the summer and spring. Her service was amazing as well we talked with her for a while before heading out for dinner. Marriott people such as Tensha who can sign, speak both English and Spanish you should definitely keep her on payroll not everyday you stay at a hotel and meet someone who's that diverse it's the sign language for me. I told her we might be related we share the same last name haha yes I know it's a common name.

Worked with Metro at the front desk who helped accommodate our rooms and made everything very easy. Big thank you to him!!! Enric at the bar was also fantastic, great conversation and quick with the drinks. Thanks to both employees for making the stay even better!!!

The front desk downgraded my room because of their fault overselling online and put me in the room facing the parking. The room has a broken AC with a very loud noise, no hair dryer in room, the curtains cannot be closed. No privacy for me as a solo biz traveler at all.
Then I asked to switch room first thing in the morning and they did switch me back to the King room which I paid for. But they put on the receipt for things I didn’t purchase at the hotel which is really bogus. I feel like the hotel is trying to scam me. Their ways of resolving the issues are terrible (from the front desk to the manager). I don’t mind them checking the camera to see if I really purchase things but they haven’t got back to me until now. Worst hotel I've ever stayed.

Excellent property, staff, and rooms.

Clean hotel, staff are friendly and helpful.

Andrea at the front desk was a blessing! We had been driving all day (from 7 AM til midnight) and were exhausted. The hotel was completely booked but we weren't worried since we had a reservation for 2 days. Unfortunately, several issues arose unexpectedly with our room, but since the hotel was completely booked, we couldn't be switched to another room. Having no place else to go (because there had been a major soccer game going on and every hotel in town was booked solid!), we decided to make the best of it and spend the night despite the difficulties we had encountered. In the morning, Andrea, seeing that we were frustrated, comped the room for the night and refunded all the points we had intended to use, then located a SUITE for us at the Residence Inn right next to the Courtyard for our second day! Andrea even made sure the suite was perfectly cleaned and ready for us before we moved over. The suite was gorgeous and we had no more problems!

The Marriott brand is a solid, consistent, product. I have lived in Courtyard while I traveled the country. This Courtyard in Austin is excellent.

Gut gelegenes, modernes, sauberes Hotel mit einem Indoorpool und Fitnesscenter. Das Hotel verfügt über moderne, geräumige Zimmer und die Lage ist - wenn man einen PKW hat - sehr günstig gelegen. Parkplätze sind ausreichend vorhanden.

Really impressed with this location. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. Rooms are clean and updated. The indoor pool looked super cute. Highly recommend to anyone staying for business/ hospital visits, as it is close to St David’s South.

Comfortable beds, good AC but only decaf coffee in the room. Had to buy coffee at the Starbucks in the lobby. Would rather have had more options than a $3 coffee and an $11 breakfast plate.

Very clean and staff very ptofessional

Very nice and new looking. Evening staff was great when we checked in on June 1

Excellent service and clean and comfortable rooms.

Checked in, was told to use back door. Back door wouldn't open with our key cards, but we spilled our coffee trying anyways. Guess who doesn't have free coffee in the lobby?
Got up to our room. The toilet was probably the loudest toilet I've ever experienced (even worse than the jet toilets at the airport). Plus, the microwave was unplugged, and I had to move the entire desk to plug it back in myself. Also - the fridge barely gets below luke warm. Also also- the bathroom sink water never warmed up.
The sight from our balcony was run down buildings, industrial park, and nasty, weedy, lots.
And no free breakfast.

Nice hotel and very friendly staff.

It's a great room for a few days on work travel.  Great customer service and clean rooms

Basic accomodations, for Marriott brand and cost. Room lighting is minimal.

Front desk staff was great....

Very nice and clean hotel.  This hotel is a good example of what you would expect from a Courtyard Marriott.  Service was very good and the food was much better than what I have had at other Courtyards.  I would stay at this hotel again.

The staff at this hotel were extremely accommodating. We stayed with small children and even though the hotel is geared towards business traveller's, they had a great time. Rooms were comfortable, had a mini fridge and microwave, and a good amount of desk space. The pool (indoor) was warm and well stocked with towels. The Cafe was very convenient for getting coffee and also had good food. Overall, I would absolutely recommend this hotel and would be glad to stay here again.

We stayed 3 nights in early November 2022. Toilet paper backs up as little pieces even when flush with no solids. Shower in the morning always on the cool side; valve needs to be turned way pass "hot" to close to "off" position to get warm water. Front desk said other people complained about cool shower too; because a large group attending wedding (but parking lot is not even half full). Upstairs footsteps can be heard all the time. 1 of 2 closet doors is stuck, can not be open. Housekeeping is once every other day. Reservation includes breakfast while no free breakfast provided. We were given vouchers to get breakfast at the bar, thanks to the staff. No free coffee provided at lobby. In-room coffee machine has nowhere to plug in but by the sink.  Internet keeps dropping.
We do not recommend this property due to the serious plumbing issues.
We will avoid courtyard from now on.

Rooms were clean and the shower had great water pressure. Bed was comfy but the pillows weren't my favorite. Overall it's a clean hotel but I'm sad that breakfast wasn't free which makes me want to go elsewhere. I would stay here again.

My husband and I stayed one night due to me having a medical procedure just down the road early the next morning and we wanted to be close to the facility.  Front desk clerk was so friendly, and put us in a suite on the first floor which had a sliding glass door and private patio.  It was so quiet, no street noise what so ever.  We also enjoyed the seperate living area and two huge tv's.  The linens were fresh and crisp and the bed was comfortable with many pillows.  Having so many options for usb plugs throughout the suite was extremely accomodating as was the many electric outlets available to plug all our gadgets and my personal grooming irons, etc....Noon checkout gave my husband plenty of time to leave me for my procedure and run back over to the hotel to chill out and watch tv before checking out which timely put him back at the facility to pick me up.  Overall, the best experience I could have asked for.

FOUND NOT ONE, NOT TWO, BUT THREE BUGS AT OUR ROOM!! This is the WORST experience I have ever had with a hotel.
We found multiple crickets under the bed and one smaller bug at the carpet. It is truly disgusting. The bathtub was dirty with hair on the shower seat, I had to wash the entire shower and bath twice to even feel a little comfortable showering, this is totally unacceptable for almost 300 dollars a night! The sheets felt extremely cheap. You get a free Starbucks drink and entree, but once I actually got there the machine was broken…they said it will not be fixed in 4 more days. I have NEVER written a review, but things just got worst and worst the more time I spent here. They claim to have a warm tub but they don’t have it! They only have a cold indoor pool no one uses. The ac was so loud over night it kept making a strong sound every 30 minutes or so, similar to the sound of a closing door. It was so loud I kept waking up thinking someone had opened the door to my hotel room!!! For this reason I got little to no sleep. Please don’t come to this location ever! It’s disgusting and a waste of money. They don’t recompense you in any way. Unacceptable!!

Update: I found three more crickets two in the bathroom and another one in the room.

2nd time staying here, and have no issues. Staff is extremely friendly.

Really nice hotel. Classy.

Great room. Clean. Everything we expected. The location is perfect too! Allows you quick access to south congress area and south Austin. Driving into downtown not that much further. Highly recommend for the location

We just vacationed in Austin and we stayed here it was amazing! Front desk was helpful and knowledgeable and suggested cool sights around the city. Room was clean and came with plenty of towels. TV was good and you're not in the center of downtown happenings but not too far from it either so it's a great location

Excellent hotel located just South of Austin.  It’s within 10 minutes of South Congress Avenue with shopping and great local restaurants

The rooms are very spacious and open. The bed was new and very comfortable.  The bathroom with shower was nice and roomy

They offer free parking onsite

Excellent hotel for business or pleasure

Best place with a gym and a swimming pool and it has security and the people that are very nice

Awful customer service from Alex on the night shift. I made a reservation through Hotwire and he was unwilling to help whatsoever. What a complete joke. Go to the Fairfield next door.

Great service and the rooms are really nice! I would definitely recommend!

Really enjoined my stay not to bad! Nice spot that close to all the great spots in Austin

Pretty great, much much nicer than the Red Roof next door. My only complaint is that the towels are past their prime. Very scratchy.

Room's clean but we face I-35, which is the only corridor between Dallas and San Antonio. [Update: We didn't hear traffic noise. Room was really quiet.]

This is not the nicest part of Austin; we went to a fast-food place and didn't feel very safe. Although the hotel, and our room, were very clean and the staff friendly, it's not our favorite location...

Wow, I truly had the worst experience at this hotel. Mostly it was because of the bedding. The sheets are polyester. Well, 60% cotton, 40% polyester. I absolutely hate sleeping on polyester sheets. When I my skin touches poly sheets it instantly feels hot, suffocated, clammy, damp, sweaty. Everyone knows cotton sheets are good and poly ones are bad. So why, when I’m spending $284 a night on a hotel room, are the sheets made of cheap plastic? Why am I tossing and turning all night feeling like I’m stuck inside of a literal plastic bag? It’s outright disgusting. This would be one thing in a motel 6. But it shouldn’t even be a question in an expensive hotel room if the sheets are going to be 100% cotton or not. I spend more on hotel rooms specifically to make sure this DOESNT happen.

After a terrible nights sleep, I spoke to the receptionist about it and asked for them to compensate me. The best they could offer was a free breakfast. I mean really? I would have slept better in my car than in your hotel room— and you’re basically not even going to try and make it right? The fact that somewhere in their executive branch someone at Marriott thinks it’s acceptable to use polyester sheets is a hugeeeeee quality control and taste level problem. I honestly will never try staying at another Marriott hotel ever again. I’m honestly just so mad that I spent nearly $300 on a hotel room with cheap, hot and awful plastic sheets.
I didn’t like the bathrooms either.

Stayed here for work. Rooms are big enough, washroom was nice and I appreciated the small size (was easy to navigate). Doesn’t have the bells and whistles of a JW or a true 4 star hotel, but for the rates and availability it was good. Would consider booking again.

The beds are comfortable The staff is great on all three shifts the Starbucks on property tops it off, I would stay here anytime l need a place to crash

The staff was great. The room was clean and the bed was super comfortable. It seems like they made some upgrades recently - the carpet in the hallways seems new and the rooms are really clean. I will definitely stay here again.

I booked 3 nights and did not stay one. My daughter had surgery and I ended up having to stay with her. I kindly asked for 1 night to be credited. It was a non refundable price ($10) less a night. Hotel was empty. Would have been nice to at least offer one credit. Rules are rules but really rubbed me the wrong way. The hotel was empty. Nice hotel but I won’t stay again.

Fantastic staff and updated hotel. Was a little concerned with the location, but it ended up being fine.  Nice to be away from the craziness of downtown.

If you’re just in need of a clean bed to sleep in than you’re probably okay.

Staff was amazing

I had to book a last minute stay at SXSW because of a project I worked on and Courtyard wasn’t only available but it had a great room for my stay. The staff was incredibly accommodating! Every single request and inquiry was met ten fold. Also I love how it feels almost like a boutique hotel with professional amenities. Very cozy.

Cleanliness is the most important thing to me. This visit was clean and that makes me willing to come again!

Only 1 elevator for 4 floors, so slow. What happens when it stops working.
The fridge in the room didn't seem to work. Maybe you had to turn it on, couldn't figure it out. The noise in the room next door sounded like it was in our room. It had an adjoining door.
Constant sound like a vacuum cleaner running in the hall.
Woken by beeping of heavy equipment at construction site next door. On a Saturday

I stayed here for 6 weeks as a nurse working 6 days a week.  The hotel was clean and delightful.  Walmart nearby, chickfila, Bill Millers BBQ and more.  The hotel staff went above and beyond.  TVs were updated during my stay which enhanced my stay greatly. Only negative was occasionally I would get towels that seemed to be washed with vinegar?? I would request additional towels and the replacements seem to be fine.

Expectations were extremely Highly Rated in my stay. My future stays will be at the same location…

Ceptember and her Team were exceptional. I travel quite often and most Bonvoy properties barely even notice or recognize my Platinum Elite status, but at Ceptember’s location I was treated like royalty and it felt good. 
I will certainly stay there more often and I will advise my clients, vendors and suppliers to do the same. 
Keep up the great work.

The facility is well maintained and the room was excellent.

Friendly staff, clean rooms, and excellent location close enough to downtown area and South Congress without paying downtown prices. It was super fast and easy to get around town at this location. I love staying at Courtyards and this one was excellent.

Our stay was great. The hotel has comfortable beds and is clean. In house lobby bar and great breakfast are a bonus. Staff was accommodating with our early arrival and held our luggage until our room was available.

The staff was always friendly and helpful. The lobby was clean and having a Starbucks in house was convenient in the rush of the mornings. My room was clean and beautifully designed. The TV was movable so I could watch from the couch or the bed, the bed was very comfortable and the two different types of pillows were appreciated.

We enjoyed our visit! Friendly staff, clean rooms, clean parking lot. No issues with anything. If we needed something, the staff was willing to help.

This was very close to the place we had to attend training.  Had a nice rest.

The toliet in my room sounded like it was possessed.  I reported it three times before someone came to fix it.  Shortly after they left the noise came right back.  When I reported it again I was told that she was sorry for the inconvenience and that was the end of it.  

I was there on business and the internet service was horrible.  I had to go to a neighborhood starbucks in order to do work.

The television showed to have 30 channels but only 10 the local channels would come in due to the weak signal from the internet

No free breakfast and the bistro was only open to 10 am and then opened again for happy hour so there was no options for brunch or lunch.

Stayed a night, staff was very informative and welcoming.  Was met by strong smell presumably from steam cleaners in the hall.  Thinking perhaps the machines or cleaning solutions are beginning to age.  Couldn't smell from within the room so it was a pleasant stay anyway.

Great staff, clean hotel and newly renovated.  The room was very nice and the beds were very comfortable.  Love the location as it was very close to a lot of the things we had to do as a family in Austin.  Will definitely stay here again in the future when we need to visit Austin again.

Rooms were very clean and beds were comfortable. The staff was spot on. The only problem we had was keeping the room temperature comfortable.

The lobby looks nice and clean. Once I entered the dated elevator, I wondered is this really a Marriott property?
The room price per night has increased, and the rooms are not updated compared to most Marriott properties. If you are looking for free breakfast you will not find it here, other brands often offer a free breakfast with membership.
For the price you pay for these rooms, you would expect the latest entertainment displays found in most Marriott properties, but the tv/cable packages here are very limited and dated.
There is not much traffic on I-35 during the night, but you can hear enough noise outside to let you know this location is not as quiet as it once was. The current environment makes it difficult to get a proper rest during the night. As a Marriott Lifetime Gold Elite Member, I would not recommend this location.

Very clean hotel. Good location for easy access to freeway. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Hot coffee available in the lobby.

The updates to the rooms are great. Rooms are spacious, contemporary, and clean. The elevator broke down twice during our four-night stay but the friendliness and accommodating staff almost made us forget that we had to take the stairs.

We had a great stay! Clean room, nice staff, recently remodeled & great price!

This is my review based on Covid Protocol:

Courtyard Austin is extremely clean and one of the best hotels I’ve stayed in for a while. It smelled extremely clean and the staff followed everything to a T especially when it came to cleanliness. Our room was wonderful, clean, and open. The balcony we a true balcony were you can literally relax and put your feet up. 
The staff was extremely helpful and kind and I can’t wait until we come back because this is definitely where we plan on staying again.

Clean room and a really hygienic place to stay in between this pandemic. Great service!

Knowledgeable customer service staff, from check in, Starbucks Bistro, to check out.  The room was extremely cleaned, smelled great, very large room with king bed and a small lounge area.  I am really pleased with this hotel and my hotel stay.  Will definitely stay here again when I travel to Austin for business or pleasure.

very nice place to stay while in austin

Nice staff

Only complaint is the size and outdated television with little options to connect to your laptop via HDMI. It’s Austin I feel tech should be up to the caliber of the city

horrible service all staff is not accommodating to guests customer service is the worst you will experience

Would have given 4 stars but the two roaches I had to kill that were running across the floor can account for me not putting them.

All great    And clean. Great staff

The establishment was well cared for and the staff was very professional and super nice!

Thanks 
Tommy

Welcoming staff, clean room

Hotel was clean and service was great.

Clean was very clean and we got a room with balcony very nice to enjoy in the evening. Four stars because the halls had a weird smell like carpet needs to be replaced.

Sean made our experience as smooth as possible and was a natural communicator. He represented the company well and deserves kudos for his overall service. We will defiantly be returning because of him.

We visit Austin once a month for medical treatment for daughter. When treatment is in south Austin we stay here and its convenience to treatment center and restaurants and courteous staff make it the play we stay. Room is comfortable. Access to neighboring basketball court a plus. Indoor pool recently finished was always a teaser until now. See you next month!

This Courtyard was very clean and had just undergone renovations. The staff was very attentive. It's a hotel that pretty close to UT without having to pay for extra parking, so that is a benefit. We will for sure stay here again in the future!

Had a great experience clean and newly renovated and staff was very friendly

Great place to stay if you are in Austin. Close to the airport and amenities.

Highly recommend

otel is beautiful, however staff unashamedly sticks to rules and regulations over customer support. 

1) First issue, I had been given breakfast vouchers since I had been rebooked to this hotel from another hotel that offered a full hot breakfast. The voucher said I could redeem for breakfast between 0630-0900 at the bistro. When I arrived at 0640 on Sunday, they said they would be opening shortly. At 0650, I asked the front desk again when they would be opening, they said the bistro doesn't open until 0700. While small, I planned my morning based on when the voucher told me the bistro would be open. I left without breakfast since I was on a timeline. 
2) The hotel did not take the taxes off of my bill when I turned in my Tax Exempt form at checkout. I was told by regulations, they had to have the form at check-in, otherwise they wouldn't process it. I am regular traveler. I have been to 20-30 plus hotels as I travel to a lot to different locations for the military.   At EVERY SINGLE hotel, they have accepted my Tax Exempt form at checkout. This is the first hotel that said there was nothing they could do. 

While I can appreciate rules and regulations, I appreciate staffs that will work with me as opposed to just saying "I should have done it at check-in".

Noise of environment made it hard to get a good nights rest

Todo en excelentes condiciones

Decent room

The hotel was clean but the stay was less than excellent. They ran out of shampoo, the tub drained very slow and the ac got warm in the middle of the night in both rooms our family stayed in. Also the nightly rate was very high for a weekend that there was not much going on.

I can say the service at this hotel is Great !

The hotel is newly renovated. It is clean and comfortable. Convenient location. Employees are friendly and helpful.

Excellent staff, nice facility. Great stay and will be back for sure. Lady working late night on July 9th was great. Only feedback I have is that the ice machine on 4th floor is a little noisy but it didn't bother us much. This Courtyard is also located pretty close to 6th St.

We often choose this Courtyard whenever we visit Austin. It was so nice to see the renovations and the rooms are so much more comfy. The staff was friendly and attentive. We can't wait to visit and stay here again!

Muy limpio

See comments to question one.

Very nice, clean and newly remodeled hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Quick check in. Thank you!

If part of your trip includes pool time contact the hotel prior to booking and ask because they won’t tell you on the website or when you check in.

Pleasantly surprised. The rooms have been recently renovated and the furnishings and fixtures are well-appointed. Don't be fooled by the exterior... The room floors look great. The lobby feels crammed and like a hodgepodge, but I am guessing is next on the list. A coworker and I worked from the lobby last evening and there were plenty of outlets for our devices. Professional staff at check in.

Been staying at Courtyard Austin South for the past 3 years for work. Great place and amazing staff always. The renovations now make it even 10x better!

Looked recently renovated. Eyup was super nice and welcoming. Beds were super comfy and rooms had plenty of space. The little cafe in the lobby had great coffee and pastries. Easy access to I-35, 71, and Ben White.

Upon approaching what looked like it may be the check in desk I noticed the employee on the phone and computer.  I wasn't sure if it was check out so I was hoping she would speak to me so I could ask where to register.  I stood there for an uncomfortable amount of time and she never once acknowledged me.   After a couple of minutes she got off the phone and finally looked at me.  She offered no apologies for the lack of greeting or acknowledgment.  She checked me in and I went right to my room to check my email, but was unable to get online without a code.  I called the front desk and it rang and rang and eventually just went to a busy signal.  I called back and still no answer and another busy signal.  I then called the main number from my cell phone and still no answer.  I go downstairs and ask why they aren't answering customer calls.  The same rude lady ran over to the man I was speaking to and said oh that was me, we were helping another customer.  I guess it never occurred to her to provide good customer service and answer the phone even if she had to ask me to hold.  Again acknowledging the guest was no concern of hers.  In addition the complete lack of service i had received so far, i found the pool had been closed by the department of health and human services so apparently the pool cleanliness is was of equal concern as their customer service.  The next morning I went down for a coffee from Starbucks and was served burnt, luke warm coffee.  Pitiful!!!   I will not be back!!!  They literally got EVERYTHING WRONG

Clean except the shower head had algae growth in it.

Very honest and friendly staff!

I was one of the proposed attendees at the SXSW for 2020.  On March 6th,  SXSW was cancelled.  I had an arrival date of 3/11/20.   I called the property and cancelled.  i was told there would be no charge given the circumstances.   I also filled out the cancellation request given to me by SXSW housing.   I received my credit card bill today and saw a charge for one night at the price of $283.15.   I have called the property twice.   No return call.   I know all businesses are hurting, but I could not cancel earlier due to the impossibility of performance.  i.e. in a contract when you cannot perform your side (early notice), you are relieved of the duty.   The Courtyard Marriott has chosen not to return my phone call.    In the past 2 plus months, i was scheduled to go many places.  Most of them "nonrefundable".   I received a refund from EACH AND EVERY ONE.
This corporate behavior by Marriott is unprofessional and somewhat predatory.   Just my opinion.

very clean facility. nice and helpful staff. great location

Lieu propre mais le bruit de l'autoroute s'entend toute la nuit.

It's what you'd expect

This is an adequate place to stay if you’re looking for a location between downtown and the airport. The rooms are comfortable, clean and well maintained. You will need to get out of the area for dining or entertainment. At times the bistro was understaffed but the people were good.

This is a nice hotel and a great value for travelers who want a little more than the typical breakfast buffet and who want to have a cocktail in the evening on-site.  Rooms were a little dated but very clean,   The staff was very friendly and accommodating . Checking in and out was fast and efficient . Would definitely recommend at this price point.

Nice hotel gave a 4 because the ppl over us were very very noisy u could hear them talk walk run or watever 🤦🏽‍♀️ very thin walls front dest clerk was very friendly and helpful

This is a very nice, yet simple and affordable hotel. Rooms are very clean, staff super friendly and helpful. Place is quiet and relaxing, decor is pleasant and ensures peace. Pool is actually heated and working, some booking sites say hot tub, but they do not have one, but pool is winter friendly. Bar is a bit pricey, just a warning.

So far good.

This was my 2nd time staying here, and I absolutely enjoyed my stay here. I'll continue to stay here every time I'm in Austin.

The business that i am in requires that most of my off time is spent in a hotel. Having said that,i recently left this hotel after a three month stay. This Marriot Courtyard is located on the frontage road to I35 so ingress and egress is challenging. My room was at the back of the hotel so road noise was not an issue. While on the subject , noise was never an issue. Noise free,clean room and comfy bed every night! There is a restaurant that serves adult beverages that i did not try as well as an  indoor swimming pool.The treatment from all of the staff was professional and accomadating as well. And then there is William. He is one of the wellcome staff. Glad you're back was his statement to me upon my arrival every day. A very congenial forward thinking person that really will help make your stay as enjoyable as mine was.

Stayed two nights. Excellent service from the front desk personnel. Room was a bit dated but clean and inviting. 
Excellent location for downtown access, the Airport, and other attractions in Austin. 
I would consider staying here again.

Awesome

Feels very dated for a courtyard... The carpet, ceiling heights, the mirrored bi-fold door leading to the ironing closet, the way plugs fall out of outlets so easily because they're worn out, the struggling action of the elevator.  Not dirty or anything, just a little sad.

Also, I checked into room 404 last night and immediately heard um... rhythmic banging through the wall from the adjacent room.  Not sure if the wall insulation is insufficient or if my neighbors were very engaged.  This did not last long.  No stars earned or lost for this, just thought I'd share.

It was nice. Comfortable bed

bed bug

Marriott as always has awesome hotels and great service, always a great place to stay for business, pleasure or just a romantic get away.

Very nice lobby and amenities.

The staff and lobby were great and clean.  The conference room was clean but dated.   But the rooms were the most disgusting and smelly items ever.  The over powering carpet deodorant was the first slap in the face only to be seconded by the mustard yellow walls and pop corn ceiling.  The final straw was the water damage under the window and dry wrought to floor in room 300.  Not the experience I’m use to with this line of hotels.

Missed the USB ports to charge devices.

Great place. Awesome location, low key, nice and quiet. Clean room, no odors as mentioned in other reviews. Stayed on top floor 12/31/19. We would definitely return.

This place advertises a heated pool AND hot tub in their Priceline ad. Has no hot tub, and only a freezing cold pool. Claim they had to "remove the hot tub because kids were getting burned" but there is no evidence they ever had one. Does not have free breakfast like all similar hotels do. Non-existent customer service. Gave us one pillow for the sofa bed. Did not offer anything as compensation after we booked their hotel specifically to use the hot tub. Would never stay here again.

I would go back again..location was ok. It was easy to get down town

My fiance complained about the bed being a bit too firm for her liking. However, for me enjoyed the stay. Nothing like a good get out of town stay in a Wyndam hotel.

Room was very spacious, bed was very comfortable, and size of refrigerator was very refreshing and unexpected.

Team is Kind, Welcoming, and very accomodating to the guests. Especially in the morning at 4:30 am making a cup of coffee.

Extremely courteous staff. Clean hotel and guest rooms. Competitive rates.

Having dinner was a bad experience. The only man they
have working at the kitchen counter ( Mike) was extremely rude he waited on some tables and not on others. Some people had to go and order & pay at the counter, some did not.I do not recommend eating there. The rooms are fine and well kept, wonderful front desk staff, just eat elsewhere, additionally, no free breakfast of any kind.

have

I ended up going to 3 Marriotts before I finally got checked in.  The drivers kept dropping me off at various Marriott properties.  This was also an issue for Uber drivers to find me.  However, this hotel is close proximity to downtown (10 minute uber) and was quite nice.

Used to be a Great little place, rooms need work, outlets won't hold a plug, first room we stayed in was infested, both my babies woke up with bug bites, they weren't ants or spider bites, but def left a bad itchy rash, I requested a crib for each of my kids, one looked so old and stained I sent it back.  Last time I stay at this Marriott.

The hotel was very clean, and service-day and night was wonderful. I would consider taking my own towel and washcloth in the future, though. The ones provided were rough on my skin.
The pricing in the lobby during the evening drink/snack service was way overpriced. I'll not order that again.

Comfortable location that is probably utilize agaon. I would recommend this hotel.

Chic hotel, great accommodations, downtown shuttle makes for a convenient night out.

Great room, nice hotel with perfect amenities. Shuttle to the downtown location was perfect for a night out.

Clean nice hotel with friendly staff

Good place to stay, close to dining and business.

Over priced out of date expensive

👎👎

The hotel was nice and clean.

did not resolve the issue and did not get a phone call back

We had an excellent stay here for 6 nights while  here in Austin.  Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. I’d like to particularly say the staff was excellent.  We had the pleasure of meeting William who went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed our stay here. The Manager Andrea was also beey accommodating. We appreciate the excellent service and cleanliness.

Fix the popcorn machine!!!!

convenient located, clean rooms and friendly staff.

Staff is friendly, guests were noisy. Wouldn't really go back.

Same night as the smoke filled room at the 1st motel.

This hotel is okay but there are too many hotels in this general area for it not to offer the things that the other hotels offer. I would not have stayed here on my own, it was a business stay.

Stayed for ACL, easy trip to Barton Springs and clean rooms.

For a Marriott I was a little disappointed in this one. The staff was very friendly and polite. The location is a great spot just south of Austin and close to lots of great things. Yet, the Hotel itself was dirty, room has a lot of dust and carpet stains the TV is places so low that it is hard to watch from the bed. For a Marriott this place can do a lot better if they tried.

One of my favorite Courtyards in the Marriott chain. The employees are always friendly and helpful. The place could use a bit of a touch up in upgrades, especially the color scheme, but it's clean, well kept, and comfy.

Terrible gym, mediocre rooms

Pet feces was found in the room!

This was not in Atlanta it was in Austin a great little hotel the staff was outstanding there's a great place to to stay in

These are NOT QUEEN BEDS.

Clean hotel. Convenient location off of 35. Friendly helpful staff.

We always enjoy this hotel.  Service is always good.  Hotel is quiet.  Only nit-pick is that the room could stand to be updated.

Good location to activities in Austin. Reasonable pricing.

If you mess up someones reservation....especially for a very special occasion....show some remorse and maybe even try to compensate them....absolutely horrible customer service.

This hotel is in a good location - about 20 minutes from the airport. I was grateful for the soundproofing and black out curtains. That helped tremendously with the noise from the traffic flow on the highway nearby. The staff was very friendly and courteous. I had no issues during my stay and would return. If I had to take any issue, it would be with the decor of the room. It's dated and kinda ugly but I was comfortable.

Friendly staff, clean and welcoming will continue staying at Marriott hotels

It was the worst Marriott that I have ever gone to.  Hotel had a bad smell. Never again.

This is the worst Hotel the staff will hang up on you if you want to get the number for corporate office. Despite what the staff says or fails to mention you can’t smoke on the balcony they will charge you $244 dollars for smoking on an outside balcony. Your kids can’t play in the pool the staff will ask them to be quiet. The AC doesn’t blow cold Air. I’d suggest that if this is your only option for a hotel the just sleep in your car. Marriott is not really about 100% customer satisfaction. More like 100% disappointment.

My stay began at the reservation desk where they were friendly and accommodating.  Then on to the bar for a nightcap. Again great and friendly service even though they were just about to close. The room was spacious and the bed comfortable.  I was able to get all caught on my sales activity of the day. Thank you Courtyard I will be back again soon!!

Bailey  was aboulstly  awsome and check in!!!!! Very helpful and nice. Beds were great room was clean and enjoyed our stay

A very basic and dated hotel with average rooms. Not your typical courtyard marriot hotel. Rooms need updating.

Okay stay got the job done

1 towel in the bathroom. Dirty bathtub. Unable to reach front desk from room.

Don't stay here. There are too many issues that make the stay unenjoyable

I would recommend the  Courtyard Marriott for short or extended stay. It is close to airport and ideal for short stays.

This site is hurting this amazing brand and needs immediate attention to bring it up to Marriott standards.

Booked a room with two double beds. When we arrived at the hotel, they assigned us to a single room with a single king bed instead! Obviously not acceptable. Front desk tried to blame it on Expedia, but Expedia customer support says they had lied and confirmed a room with two double beds. In the end we got stuck in a room with a uncomfortable pull-out sofa that was dimly lit and cramped. 1-star for false advertisement.

This hotel has been rode hard and put up wet. First room smelled so bad and carpets were so stained I called down. Manager immediately put me in another room but when we walked in she sighed and said “this one’s not much better.” Light fixtures are ripped and punctured. Hallway wallpaper torn and wrinkled. And the entire place smells bad. All for just $200. Stay away.

You can always depend upon Courtyard for care, quality and consistency with a reasonable rate

Everyone was great! Thank you!

Staff was very friendly but the room should not have been given to anyone until it was clean and repaired.

This hotel is ok. It serves its purpose. Seems to be one of the older Courtyards.  Staff is friendly, grounds and room clean and well kept. Room had a small balcony which is always nice to have!
I would return.

Good service

This hotel's location is what makes it perfect for a trip to Austin, TX. Downtown scene and I35 are just minutes away. We reached 12th Street, the State Capitol grounds, and a variety of dining options within 10 min.
The hotel includes a cafe, free parking, and an indoor pool. The rooms are equipped with a microwave, refrigerator, sofa, and coffee table. They're also spacious and the bed was very comfortable; however, immediately upon entering room 322, there was an odor that smelled like the carpet had been soiled. We inspected the floor (near the entrance and along the side walls) and didn't notice anything. I used plug-ins and deodorizers to try to combat the smell.
On our final day, as I pulled back the curtains, I noticed the carpet was badly soiled from moisture and water from the a/c unit near the window. There was also evidence of mildew or mold on the wall. If not for this factor, I would rate the hotel as a 5-star because it had everything we needed for this trip, and the staff was extremely nice. But the smell in the room was terrible.

The exterior of the hotel is quite hidden since you have four properties there should be an opening in between to access either of them

Okay spot,convenient to Rainey and 6th St

This Marriott is conveniently located near restaurants and a walmart which are on the opposite side of the highway.  The staff is extremely polite and helpful.  They are knowledgeable of the location and can easily suggest places to go or things to do in the area.  The rooms are exceptionally clean and the building seems as if it has recently been remodeled.  We were not disappointed.

Even one thing can mar your stay several can mar your trip. The odor that permeated the hall on the second floor was overwhelming. Please feel free to check it out for yourselves, but do yourself a favor and don't stay there. An indoor pool is not ideal a dirty one was unacceptable. As for the cafe, if your going to offer something on the menu the least you can do is have it in stock. I was the first and only person there Saturday morning and already they were out of what I requested. Three strikes....

It was great wish I could’ve stayed longer to enjoy the indoor pool

I am Marriot loyal user but this has been the worse Marriott establishment I have stayed at. It is in need of serious renovations, it has a very distinct smell of what I can only describe as old and  wet carpet. I was scheduled to stay 3 days and even after the above described conditions i was willing to stay but after my first night stay I came back to my room to find roaches crawling on the floor and a spider on the wall. This was the last straw, I went to notify the front desk I was out of there. I took pictures and showed them to the front desk of the dead roach and spider. Not that I was looking for a discount or a free night but that wasn't even offered at all. "An I'm sorry  that's never happened before" was the response. Never again will I stay at this place and I do not recommend anyone else stays here either. Very Disappointed Marriot doesn't hold their privately owned facilities to a higher standard.

Nice big box hotel. Very consistant.

Another nice stay. Marriott hotels are my go to when traveling. Great night sleep.

I will definitely visit again

Nice hotel, no frills, but not bad at all.

Thank you, i enjoyed my stay in Austin Courtyard Marriott.

I had booked at Fairfield and at 12am the ac stopped working. Where front desk had to relocate me to the hotel in from which was courtyard. Hotel is great except for the problem we had earlier.

The time I stayed at this hotel is not worth the money I spent because of the deteriorating areas and smell of the room. And lack of good service and quality stay.

Good location, clean rooms, friendly staff, breakfast was convenient.

This hotel is right next to a freeway. You will hear traffic constantly even in night.

I was very pleased with the room, the location and the personnel. I will recommend this hotel.

Overall was good.  I do wish the AC unit fan could run all of the time.  The unit coming on and off kept waking me up.  And it did get a bit warm while the unit was off

nice place

Room was warm. AC unit wasn't working. Food choices were not that great.

The rooms were very dirty, dated and ugly decor, poor amenities and an obvious retrofit done poorly.

Best place we found best prices great people we will be back

Please do not stay on the 3rd floor. I just couldn't get past this nagging smell. I hope it's not mold. I really dont think the room was cleaned prior to check in. I was fooled by the reviews of others. When I made it back from my long drive home. I had to wash everything to get rid of the odor.

Been using Courtyard for all my trips they are the best

The staff were so friendly and helpful

Both of our beds were awful, they had a "ridge" or dent which made you feel like you were going to fall off 
the bed and when you tried to roll over, it was not possible unless you used your arms or legs.
It was AWFUL

Clean and well put together.

They moved me sux

Hotel is clean and staff is friendly

Staff very attentive, and inviting! good food except for the hard buns on the burgers and the toilet had a water saving mechanism w horrible pressure, causing multiple flushes. The housekeeping was exceptional.(thanx ms Carmen Rodríguez)... And Thanx Chris in the bistro and the front desk crew for everything!

An overpriced, tired hotel greets you with a nice lobby, but it goes downhill once you've got on the elevator. The rooms are surprisingly small, for the dollars paid.  The breakfasts were ok, with a fairly good selection, but be ready to be overcharged as well.

Clean, comfortable, classy rooms with ample room. Staff was personable and welcoming. Went out of their way to help me. Took the time with me. Very impressed

The courtesy things have disappeared. No airport shuttle and no free coffee except for the little cups in the room with powder cream.

Didnt get either room we reserved. Loud half naked guests (probably under the influence) in the middle of the night. Hotel out of date.

It has been quite a while since I've had a great overall experience at a hotel. This was such an amazing experience. Kudos to the staff for their professionalism and friendliness. The next time business brings me to Austin, I will certainly return to this hotel.

Stayed here for three nights while attending a business conference at a neighboring Marriott. The room was very nice and had everything I needed. The front desk staff was attentive and very professional. The bistro staff was very friendly and accommodating and the food was fantastic. Thanks for making this trip a good one!

oki

Wonderful staff!  Clean room!  Tasty breakfast!

Was not really happy about the way staff greeted us and how they responded during the following days, everyone was very dour, not having any fun, and dress code has certainly gotten sloppy since Oct 2018

Pet friendly hotel. Room is low average. They need to renovate the rooms its out dated.

I booked a Room at the nicer Marriott South only to arrive and be told that I was relocated to the Marriott Courtyard 3 properties down. I had no luggage assistance and no vehicle being that I took a lift from the airport. Upon arriving to the Courtyard after a horrible walk with all my luggage 3 properties down and being harassed in the parking lot I 2 men at 11:30 p.m. and night. I checked in and found my Room to be less than   Mediocre. I tried to state out and leave early as much as possible to avoid having to be in this Room that looked like it was A-blast from the 70's.

Pillows were way too worn out for use.

The hotel has a warm and friendly staff that are attentive to your needs. Modern design with clean open space. Starbucks coffee and a bistro menu. The beds are a little too firm. Overall good place to stay.

Though the staff were courteous, the issues I brought up were not resolved.  Unfortunately, I did not have the time to continuously touch base with them to resolve, as I was there on business.

Small rooms, bed was a full size not even a queen, small bath, the guy at the front desk was acting like a self appointed hotel sheriff. Not sure what all the questions were about. If you stay at alot of Courtyards as I do you will be disappointed. If you don't know much about Courtyard you'll get a clean average room.

Not a great courtyard. My room had ants and bugs in it. Seems dated. TV remotes and guide service are antiquated.

The bistro was good.

This place needs a real renovation.

Great

It's a 5 star facility that I'm giving 4 stars because they overbooked and bumped me 44 minutes away.

The friendly staff and cleanliness of the hotel is why I will be staying at this particular Courtyard in the future.

I always enjoy staying in Courtyards.  They hotel was nice over all and staff very helpful and friendly.  The room could use a little updating/upkeep but overall experience was as expected while staying at a Courtyard.

Great Area, Great Staff, Marriot Quality

My wife and I had reservations for the weekend of 2/16/19 for our anniversary. We arrived at noon hoping for an early check-in since we had other reservation plans later that day. We were told the room wasn't ready and should come back around 3pm which we completely understand as we were so early. We arrived back to the hotel at 3pm and were told the room still wasn't ready. We waited another 30 minutes when an employee approached us stating that he had "A" room ready for us. We asked if it were the King Suite with balcony that we had reserved a few days in advance. The employee informed us that is wasn't... that the room we had reserved was no longer available and the room he was trying to put us in was actually a downgrade from what we reserved. We were extremely upset at how poorly the customer service was. We spent the next 2 hours trying to find another hotel with availability for our special occasion which we did find 20 miles away. Which left us having to cancel other reservation's elsewhere. I would not recommend that you chose this hotel for any special plans or trust reservations as it is poorly managed!

The hotel location is perfect to be out of dtown pricing, but close enough to get dtown in no time.  The room and general hotel areas were nice.  There a good little cafe in front serving coffee and some food items, which was nice after a long day.  The one issue was the pool heater was not working, so the water was ice cold.  Front reception was very quick to have someone come look at the issue, but the adjustments to the system did not seem to work as the next day the water was still icy cold.  There probably needs to be some more in depth work done to get the system working correctly.

Room could have been cleaner. Bathroom could have been a lot cleaner. One of the drinking glasses had a chipped rim. Housekeeping never made up the room.

Close to the airport with a reasonable price for a wonderful mini suite.

Great customer service by the front desk people. Was here with a group for a bachelorette party and we had a great time. The rooms need to be updated though and the lighting is horrible to try to put makeup on. The lobby has recently been redone and is great.

The say was nice hotel clean and nice. Food at The Bistro was excellent. Noise from people above was the one problem. Called once, people didn't control their kids. Stopped when they fell asleep I'm figuring.

As in my title, exceptional staff, amenities and good location near downtown or highways leading out.

Staff always very friendly

Rooms amplifying road noise.

Hotel customer service was great. The staff were great! The room was okay; a bit outdated but the beds were comfy. They do not offer room service. The food was horrible!!. Maybe if they were to get a better cook, better menu options my opinion may change. But my stay at this hotel was just "okay".

Room was really clean. Bed was very comfortable. Would definitely stay here again. Front desk staff were warm and inviting.

Front desk staff was wonderful! Nice clean rooms. Bar was typical but easy and food was good. Asked and received a late check-out but the maid and front desk might not have gotten the note because received a call and knocks.

Good

The employees at this hotel are the absolute best. We really enjoyed our stay and will be back next year for Pop Cats Austin! Thank you!

Hotel was good location. Not a lot of great food options close by so plan ahead. Overall nice room, clean and quiet.

The room was "ok" for a courtyard. Service made sure to keep the rooms clean, however there were major stains on the floor and wall. I initially ended up in a room on the 1st floor, but being that I was traveling alone for business, I didnt feel quite safe with the balcony doors leading directly to the parking lot, on a back street. Front desk staff promptly assigned me a different room. They were awesome.
The bistro area didnt have everything in stock which limited the selection. The server was very nice, and apologetic.
Also, the walls are paper thin. I didnt get any  sleep on my last night's stay. The person above me stomped the whole stay, had some sort of noise playing, and clearly is a heavy sleeper because I could hear their phone ring and vibrate a total of 9 times thru the night.

I only choose courtyard when I travel. This hotel didn't live up to the standards of most, but it wasn't  a terribly bad selection. I just wouldn't choose to stay here again.

It's normal hotel

The room had stains on the carpet and the sheets in one of the beds. - Not acceptable or what I accept from Marriott.

Great olace

Stayed during the week and it was a nice quiet hotel.

A great hotel with a fair to middling food/bar restaurant. Marriott needs to ditch the "Bistro" idea and go back to the full - service meals of years ago. Prices at the bistro for breakfast are too high - $11.50 for two eggs!-

Clean, Comfy, covenant, and excellent customer service!

I'm very shocked how the hotel was run with very few choices of food or snacks, pricing, and guest and staff interaction. it felt like self serve and no one cared

Extremely accommodating to guest, including disabled persons. They have a great happy hour with dinner, a great breakfast...I felt safe.

Very nice hotel. Super nice staff that helped us multiple times. And nice rooms

The hotel is adequate.  The staff is friendly, and the rooms are the standard courtyard layout.  But it was very clear that more than one, probably more than several, guests had been smoking a lot of cigarettes in the room (particularly the bathroom) of the room I was assigned.  I will not stay at this hotel again.  If you choose to stay here, ask for a room on the back side otherwise you will be hearing air brakes

Conveniently located hotel close to the city for all that is offered in downtown Austin.  Only downside is that you can hear highway traffic from the rooms on the highway side.  Rooms are clean and comfortable and staff is very friendly and courteous.

Look arounx for better value for the cost

This Courtyard is fairly conveniently located close to downtown. The online check in was efficient and the room is sufficient. Double bed is good for 1 person.

Fine place to stay

Quiet and clean.

Good except Austin had a boil water advisory going

Austin had a water problem, so it wasn't their fault

Average at best. Rickety elevator.  Was not status recognized. Service responded to my requests.  Not likely to stay again or recommend.

Rooms are nice. I did get upgraded but wasn't really that much of a space upgrade. Location is in a block of hotels so if you want to travel to a restaurant without a rental car Uber is your best bet. Looking for barbecue? TERRY BLACKS, you're welcome. Bistro gets the job done otherwise and the staff are courteous and attentive.

We stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott South for my nephew's wedding. Friendly, knowledgeable staff from Gregory who checked us in, to the coffee shop/eating place gals, to the cleaning women, to the gal who checked us out on Monday.  We were greeted every time we came and went. One of the front desk gals answered questioned about Austin and gave us an information sheet put together by the hotel. Clean room, hallways and lobby area. Kudos to management for running such a lovely hotel. Obviously you care about your staff and they are well trained. That tickles down to us. In a row of hotels on this road in Austin, I would highly recommend that you check into this Courtyard

The Courtyard Austin South was an excellent place for my wife and I to stay. The safe was helpful and courteous, the rooms were clean and spacious, the bed very comfortable, and the made-to order breakfast was a fantastic way to start the day. I was very impressed, and I travel a lot.

I am embarrassed that I stayed here and I’m shocked Marriott has their name on the door.
My floor smelled like mold and the gym looked like it.

Arrive here yah!

Do not stay h re. There are roaches and I he staff couldn’t care less. They are not empowered to make things tight when guests have such a bad experience.

Overall, this place is better than most in the area at this price. It looks like they are short staffed though. They were friendly and helpful. They all smiled while working hard. But they had just one person working in the cafe at dinner time. She was cooking, tending the bar, and also waiting the tables/cashiering. She apologized for the delay. But that's ridiculous. It wasn't her fault. There were like 30 people in the restaurant and 5 people standing in line. She kept having to go back and cook and come back and make drinks. It looks like management is trying to save money and cutting staff. Also half the drink items in the mini convenience store were out of stock. But the place is clean and the Internet worked great.

No complimentary breakfast is a big let down to visit this place again.

Full review pending until end of stay. Wonderful everything so far

Amazing staff and service

Really clean hotel with friendly staff. The shuttle driver is really amazing and gives good recommendations for things to do around Austin.

The rooms are nice, service good, parking great, close to lots of restaurants and stores.

Ok aged rooms but nice front desk staff

Good room,friendly staff ;)

Very clean spaces room and very food service smooth as it could be

Great customer service. Clean rooms. I would stay there again with out a doubt.

We had a fairly small room with a king size bed, but it didn't matter one bit because the staff made up for it 10 fold. My husband and I have never encountered more welcoming, helpful hotel employees in all our stays anywhere, over the years.  I highly recommend this hotel if you're staying in Austin. It's close to pretty much everything, and easy to get to as well. This hotel is an excellent value overall.

Same as all the others on rt 35

We stayed on 3 hotels over the weekend and Courtyard Marriott was the best one! My husband and I were able to have a full rest. Everything was clean and the bed was very comfortable.

It was a decent hotel. The room was comfortable and quiet. The TV location was a little awkward in relation to the bed though.  The fitness room was small and smelled like chlorine from the indoor pool next door. The bistro needs more staff, the service was really slow due to lack of sufficient staff. The front desk personnel were friendly and helpful. I like that there's a Starbucks inside.

Excellent and pro staff

Blake Phillips who was working the front desk was so friendly and helpful!  He even offered a bottled water to me !

Location was great, not too far from downtown where we spent some time at. Staff was awesome, especially Ariel. Room was fine, no issues at all. All around a solid choice for visiting the Austin area, especially if you plan on going down to 6th street or Rainey st. I'll stay there again.

Very very nice place. Had to come here a few times for acting stuff. Really clean, nice amenities, super nice staff. Would recommend.

Great staff.Clean rooms

Clean room, everything works, updated style, great staff.

Not too shabby, but rooms could use a little work.

The attention was very welcoming! The place is very clean. As soon as you walk into the hotel you can smell the freshness inside the building.

Muy buen servicio

Thank you! Also see Gregory’s email for more details.

Really clean and has an indoor pool

The staff went above and beyond to make sure my stay was great!  Suggestions were perfect and when I had a small maintenance issue, it was resolved quickly.

The hotel is decent, the service is good. Nothing really stood out about the hotel but it was ok.

The gentleman that works the bar/bistro area is very nice and personable. My husband and I ordered food to take to our room. As we went down to get the food, we sat and got a drink. He was so courteous and easy to talk to. I would definitely recommend taking a trip down to visit him and tip well! He commutes a decent distance for work!

Would definitely recommend Courtyard Marriott south, staff is very kind , Hotel has nice relaxing  decor. Smells great!!

Nice place & great staff.

Loved everything about this place. From checking in,the employees and the room. It was an awesome place. The employees were very helpful and  kind. Especially very caring. Always with great attitude. I just loved everything about it. Will go again. Thanks again for everything.

Me and My Wife really enjoyed out anniversary vacation staying at the Courtyard Marriott in Austin! We will most definitely come back and stay there!

Great location, great price

This hotel is in a perfect location. Close enough to get to all the south Austin sights,  but far enough to avoid the heavy traffic.  We always stay here then visiting Austin. I definitely recommend the Courtyard Marriott.

Close enough to downtown. Rooms were clean and comfortable!

La habitación limpia, lo único es que el.bano le falta aplancce

Great hotel

Best bed I’ve ever slept on in a hotel room. Hotel is right on the highway but we heard none of the noise associated with it!! Front desk evening personnel was very accommodating and immediately made us feel welcome!

Highly recommend this hotel. The bistro offered healthy, delicious choices. Check in was fast, friendly & I received a free upgrade + free breakfast. The bed was extremely comfortable; pillows were better than any hotel I’ve stayed at before. The room was clean & the staff was very friendly.

Good location near Central Austin. Close to a freeway. Bistro in the reception area offers Limited evening menu and breakfast to o'der.

La ubicación es bastante cerca al centro de Austin, los empleados fueron super amables y hasta me invitaron a visitar la piscina del otro hotel en la misma cuadra. El cuarto tiene todo lo que necesito y me encantó no tener que pagar por el estacionamiento!

This Courtyard Marriott in Austin is an excellent choice for an overnight stay.  This hotel has been maintained.  It's walls and carpet are clean.  The lobby is welcoming and the staff is friendly.  The rooms are very comfortable.  They are clean and the beds are comfortable.  And the air conditioner worked great!  It's a great value!

Great staff

Very nice hotel, room was a bit small but it was very clean and the location was wonderful

Nice stay.  Very clean

Rooms carpeting could've been better and a leak under sink possibly, but customer service more than made up for it. It was otherwise clean and quiet and they were super accommodating. Will stay there again.

Came to Austin for a quick get away from Houston.  The hotel was fairly priced for the comfort of a clean hotel and great service. Didn't use all of what they offer since it was a quick trip.  Would recommend and stay again.

Up side we were given an upgraded room.  The downside was the place was not very clean and looked pretty rundown.  I wasn't sure we were at a Marriott property.  The Front Desk Clerk when we checked in was friendly and helpful, however the Clerk at the desk when we checked not so.

This hotel should not bare the Marriott name as it is not up to the basic level of standard one expects from the brand. The only thing that takes this property from poor to fair was the care of the individual who checked us in at this location. He went above and beyond as a desk attendant and the fact that it met the minimal requirements of cleanliness: bed was clean as well as bathroom fixtures. That is where it ends at this location. There are no wonderful amenities, the breakfast is not complimentary, however is not of a quality that warrants charging for the meal. The Starbucks on location can not meet minimal expectations of the brand. They do not carry menu items and struggle to make even a simple coffee order. The rooms meet the minimal requirements for cleanliness but that is all. Everything else is ignored and it is obvious. The rooms our outdated and in desperate need of repairs, however repair work that is evident seems very poor in quality.

the staff at the hotel and the food was very good, the rooms are a little out dated

Staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were large and comfortable and the price was very affordable.

Very quiet, indoor pool, store, restaurant, 🍸 drinks 🍹, baloney, friendly staff, room also has coffee maker, microwave and a pretty big refrigerator

The front desk staff has been wonderful. Coming and going they always greet me with our names, are extremely helpful when asked. Hotel is clean and quiet. Close to most things and affordable compared to other hotels. Would definitely stay here again.

Very clean and cozy

Staff is nice and helpful. They have a Starbucks in the lobby, but it isn't open the same hours as standalone ones. Close to downtown, but depending on traffic it may not feel like it.

Nice hotel, breakfast can improve, it was cold

Great Place, staff was amazing!!

My friend and I decided to get away from Houston for the weekend and needed a hotel close to downtown. This was a perfect location that was not too close or far. Less than 10 min drive to downtown and all night life. The staff was very friendly and welcoming, always with a great sense of humor. Would recommend to anyone!

Good spot

Bien nice

Hotel was nice - bed was comfortable, layout of room worked.  However, air conditioner was a bit too noisy, would like to have seen a mirror over the desk to provide another spot to sit and get ready (especially since it was a handicap accessible room).  Surprised breakfast was not complimentary.  Overall, staff was very helpful and friendly and I would stay here again.

Great place to stay that is fairly close to the airport and Hwy. 35.  The grounds are lovely and gives an area to walk around close to where you are staying.  Restaurants/shops also are close to get to.

Stayed here after my wedding. Nice hotel with easy airport and downtown access.

Nice place, Tiny pool

Clean rooms, nice staff, will book again next year for races

There was a bug in my bed. Sheets were changed to accommodate us. Vanity is not well lit. Overall: Staff friendly, courteous, professional, and helpful but it’s an outdated property with bad lighting. And, was that a mixture of wallpaper in the walls?  Some Courtyards are updated and immaculate. I find Courtyard’s  quality to be inconsistent throughout the country.

Good stay. Friendly and attentive.

Thank yo for great customer service during our stay in Austin

Arrived and had to be downgraded.

Overall our stay at the Courtyard Austin south was amazing. The Entire staff is great. If you coming in late Blake & Eric are amazing. If your their during the day the staff is great to. Ariel, Willie, & Greg willing to do whatever it takes to make your stay memorable.

Great place right off the freeway, close to everything & lots of amenities!

Service & staff were excellent. Overall poor rating is for room condition.  Carpet was stained, bedding was old and worn. This hotel needs an update its bedding.

The staff at this hotel work tirelessly to make your stay the best it can be. Free breakfast would be great, though!

We found blood stains on our blankets,sheets & pillows. The lobby was hot and we had to wait in line to check in for 30 mins! This is for a elite member too!

Nice spacious rooms and very comfortable bed. Food and beverages were great.  Rates are a little pricey, but overall, a nice hotel.

Room was clean. Didn’t find anything wrong with the room bed was comfortable to myself and a little spacious.

Nor as clean as thre normal courtyard...

Clean. No complaints.

The service & staff is great

Everything about our stay was great except for the lack of hot tub. It is advertised to have one but it was removed.

Great hotel. Solid walls, super quiet. Friendly employees. Lovely cold, orange water in lobby. Beds were spotless and comfy, carpet clean, bathrooms immaculate. One of the best.

The room is sufficient for adults who just need a place to crash but as a family we found the room to not meet our expectations.

Pretty nice, definitely an older residence inn

Very clean and comfortable hotel.  The staff was wonderful to work with. The location was perfect for our trip and would definitely stay here again and again.

Very friendly staff and clean room...will stay again

Comfy, coffee bar in the morning, clean, attractive lobby.

Ok

El lugar es un poco de difícil llegar para alguien con poca experiencia manejando. Las habitaciones están más o menos pero no espectacular. El servicio es muy bueno.

Great place..big rooms and lots of parking.

Good for the price, clean hotel, there was some noise at night but it wasn't terrible

I want to thank Greg at the front desk for impeccable service. He treated me with the utmost care when I got lost on my way to the hotel. I also want to thank the young man at the Bistro who was working alone. He maintained composure and professionalism although he was swamped! I also witnessed teamwork, as Greg came over to help. 

It 's this type of customer care that makes me return to Marriott over and again.

A hotel that was right next to where I needed to be, it served it's purpose.

Great room, great price. Our go to hotel for all events. Close to everything in ATX

Poor compared to other courtyard properties in the country

You can easily hear when your neighbors above are walking around.

Standard Courtyard

Older hotel rooms feel a little dirty. Although the bed and everything seemed clean and fine. Lobby recently remodeled and the bistro is what you'd expect from a courtyard

Cheap Courtyard but you get what you pay for. Not nearly as nice as newer Courtyard hotels

Great staff and location... I've stayed there multiple times and will continue to.

Great but Beds are uncomfortable and pool is small

Great location. Comfortable bed and pillows but need extra blanket in room.

Nos cobraron mas de lo que dicieron y tambien el cuarto cual me dieron tenia un olor feo

Beautiful hotel, amazing staff, and clean and comfortable rooms!  My husband and I stayed two nights at this location after our wedding, and the staff went above and beyond to make us feel special!

Kinda trashy and not up to Marriott standards. The carpets had a foul odor and you can hear everything that happens in the surrounding rooms. We did not receive our complimentary water bottles(might not be a big deal but still) and the lounge closed at 10 pm(along w most drinks). It was definitely a subpar stay even if it was for a single night.

Top notch staff.  Great culture.

Great staff, was very helpful with my requests.

Got a good deal!

Located with easy access to downtown and airport . Good spot when the rates are low.

We were in Austin for an unplanned and very stressful event.  The staff went above and beyond in order to help us.  I am beyond grateful for their kindness and compassion.  I would definitely recommend staying here!!!

Great place to stay while working

Your hotel was as good as any Courtyard I stay at routinely

Enjoyed the stay. Staff was very friendly and the rooms were great.

The hotel is very clean, with amenities that make your staff very comfortable.  But it's the staff that makes this hotel special.  The staff made my stay very pleasant and enjoyable.  They all went above and beyond to help make our meeting run smoothly.

The review  is definitely to long. It is very repetitious. although i did like the stay.  hope to enjoy another some day

Location was fine despite road construction which was unavoidable. Room was a nice size, bed very comfortable.

We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott during the NHSA Parent Conference.  The conference offered shuttle service, but the hotel also offered shuttle with more convenient hours.  I was extremely please with the hotel and staff.  Everyone was so friendly and accommodating.

Oh my toilets

I had a family member staying in this hotel and we briefly visited for a Christmas gathering there. The hotel looked very nice, clean, and the employees were very friendly.

Great hotel with beautiful rooms. Only gave 3 stars because the indoor pool was freezing. Like Barton Springs freezing.

Nothing exciting are fabulous. But the hotel was clean and did the job.

Great place

Our daughter lives near Mopac and William Cannon in Austin, and we have found this to be the most convenient location when visiting her and her family.

Just like any other Courtyard Marriotts. Good size room, comfortable bed. Restaurant in the lobby for a quick bite.

Mattress too firm for me, no sleep at a place selling sleep or renting beds

Slightly outdated rooms, but beds and pillows were in good shape and comfortable. Located in a convenient spot for the airport, interstate, and downtown. Workout room was uncomfortably small and really couldn't fit more than one person lifting weights.

This courtyard Marriott was nice and what I've come to expect for the Marriott Courtyards.  The front desk personnel is what set this place apart. In particular a gentleman named Gregory.  He was extremely helpful, eager to please, polite and dedicated to his guests.  I called the night before to add my rewards number and to ask about the hairdryer in the room.  Gregory was clearly managing a busy front desk but took his time to get my questions answers in an extremely courteous and friendly way. The next day, when we checked in he remembered me and I was able to note his superior customer service to him directly.  He is a keeper, Marriott!  Don't let this one go!

Above and beyond on all aspects of my stay

My stay was awesome and I really enjoyed my stay at your hotel as well as Austin.

It was really nice cause everytime you walk in you get greated like it's your first time and you feel really welcomed

Staff was friendly, rooms were mediocre for the price. My non-smoking room smelled as though it had been a smoking room at one point and then inadequately tended to but covered with cloying air fresheners. Heater kicked on (appropriately) overnight but smelled like something was burning.

Good mid range hotel, pretty clean, comfortable beds, amazing staff. You can't beat the helpful friendly attitude of their front desk staff.

It was a good trip in general. The hotel was far from downtown but a shuttle for 5$ was available. No breakfast is coming with room. Staff are friendly and helpful. Room size was good and it was clean. The furniture was not new but still in a good condition.

Rooms are nice, clean, service great. Small breakfast, like to get more choices.

A great stay with a great staff

Poor not a good representation of Marriott

Standard Courtyard, felt a little dated in room decor, but great staff and services

The king room was small. The bed was facing the window. It had a sleeper sofa, so the room to get around the sofa, to one side of the bed is tight. The hallway ,which is quite long, from the entrance door to the bed area, lacks any lighting. The " balcony " is wasted space. It is not deep and has no furniture to utilize the feature. 
The front desk staff was very friendly.

Very friendly staff but a bit disappointed in the housekeeping service.  Bedding is old and had to request my floors to be cleaned and vacuumed.  As a Platinum member, I've stayed at much better Marriott properties.

Very impressed.  From the start the staffs were courteous and professional, addressing me with "Mr." and "sir".  The lady at the front offered me a second bottle of water just because I mentioned the Texas heat was beating me, and gave a call later to make sure the room was to my liking.  Maybe this was a normal part of the southern hospitality, but no other Marriott had done it before and I very much appreciated the gesture.  I would definitely stay here again.

The waiting area was nice and comfortable.

Clean rooms, comfortable beds and good location for day trips around town.

Comfortable atmosphere and staff was attentive.

reasonable rates. close distance to downtown.

So so rooms. Friendly staff though...

Decent hotel. Nothing special. Great price for being closeish to downtown

Here on business it's been okay so far with some exceptions which I will update after my stay.

GPS had me going to the other side of the freeway....

Nice room, close to airport

Awesome stay..definitely recommend this hotel for your stay. Price is Right!

The usual dependable Marriott experience: Rooms and bed are clean and comfortable etc. But I do like how un-corporate-like the lobby and bistro is, and Greg at the front desk was wonderful!

Greatpeople great staff everyone just great

Always know what to expect

Over all, our stay was excellent.

We were evacuated from our hometown due to hurricane Harvey. It helped so much having the indoor pool for the kids to swim in and also laundry facility on site. We ate dinner at the bistro (restaurant in the hotel) and my husband got wings which he said was awesome and my kids got pizza and they loved the pizza.! They also had cookies and coffee in the lobby.! We loved this hotel and will be staying in courtyard more often. 

P.s
 Due to hurricane Harvey the phone lines was messed up from the rooms to the front desk. We tried calling 2x and realized they was messed up. Then literally 2minutes later a knock on the door. And it was someone from the front desk asking how they could help. It's the little things that matter and this was awesome hospitality.!

Great service. It is an older hotel but very clean.

Well, I'm not super picky about where I stay unless the place has had notable crimes like murder and assault (wouldn't be surprised if every place has had that). I'm with my family and I was delegated to sleep on the pull out couch. Normally the sheets are K ready there so I was surprised to not see them there. The point I'm trying to make is that I'm salty about having to set up the bed myself when I was expecting it to be done. Otherwise, not bad. Though there were chairs just sitting idly in the room which was weird, but I digress. Not bad wouldn't stay there again if something better came up but fair.

My wife and I watched a transaction take palace between a 20-year-old prostitute and a 50-year-old man. We were cool with it, but then we got to the room, got in our PJ's and got ready to turn out the lights and saw a massive cockroach crawling along the wall by our bed. We jumped out, packed our stuff, said, "fk this" and left. Manager offered us a different room and didn't seem too concernedbecause- we were not having it; Never experienced anything like that in the past 3 years I've been a Marriott Platinum Guest. The crew at the JW Downtown was amazing and more than willing to take good care of us instead.

Had a trouble free stay. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was cool, quite and clean.

This place blows!!!!!!

The staff was amazingly friendly and the hotel was in the perfect location!

They have the best customer service! The front desk were super accommodating with my requests. The biatro has a delicious Starter Breakfast Sandwich that they make pretty fast if your in a hurry.  The location is close to restaurants. I really like using the Marriott app for check-in and checkouts. If your a business traveler, these things are important.  Wonderful staff😁

I've stayed at Courtyard Austin South several time now and have never had a problem

Awesome

Staff is very friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable. The rooms are clean and cozy. My kids love swimming so I wish their pool was outdoor.

Very pleased with my stay. General manager was Extremely helpful

Friendly desk worker

My boyfriend and I came here for an overnight staycation and every single one of the staff members from night audit to housekeeping were wonderful! The general manager was even out greeting everyone the next morning! Phenomenal!

Clean rooms great staff

Clean rooms, good location, bistro with Starbucks inside. Overall a great stay here.

Nice rooms, easy access, clean environment. Didn't smell like cigarettes.

Staff was very courteous and took care of all the people at the event in a timely manner.

Good place to stay. Every thing is close by. Rooms are clean .

Realmente el Courtyard Austin South es un hotel al que llegamos en casi todos nuestros viajes a Estados Unidos, nos gusta mucho llegar a el, la atención de todo el personal es excelente, solo creo que las alfombras ya están muy deterioradas, y que deben de fumigar con más frecuencia, puesto que hay mucha vegetación, y nos tocó varias arañas.
Muchas gracias

My daughter and her husband live south of William Cannon, and the hotel location puts us as close to them as we can find, allowing us to stay at a Marriott branded hotel.  Even though it is right off of I 35, we never heard any traffic noise.  The Starbucks in the lobby offered breakfast items that met our needs.  They probably offer other meals, but we ate out with our family for all but one meal at the hotel.  I used the internet on this visit, and it was much improved from what it was in the past. Got a great rate by pre paying.  They have a pool, mostly for kids, and an exercise room.

Nice hotel, picked it because they ofter Starbucks coffee. Room was on highway side & could hear highway noise. But overall nice room with comfortable bed with nice bedding. I will stay again.

Room doesn't cool down fast it's been hrs and it's gone down 2 degrees.
Nice clean rooms

Nice rooms

Very clean and efficient hotel. Friendly and helpful staff

Comfortable

Ok hotel. I've been at better courtyards.

Very nice establishment with friendly service

Property very well maintained. Very friendly staff.

Hotel is a great place to stay. It is close to downtown Austin, TX and near restaurants that offer great Texas BBQ, Southern Cooking, Steaks and Mexican Food.

Great hotel!!!

Great

In this day and age lots of employees can seem put out but the staff and this hotel and it's sister hotels near by were all extremely friendly.  Happy and eager to help.  They went above and beyond.  The hotel offered free cookies, coffee, water and juice throughout the day and kept the containers full.  They service just made us very comfortable.  The rooms were great too!

Everything was great, service was top notch and room was clean.

Thin walls and no breakfast but nice place.

The addition of a free breakfast would be a plus.  I realize that the money to fund such a thing has to come from somewhere....maybe room rates.  But the free breakfast is such a time saver for families.  We had 4 adults and 4 grandkids to feed.  To be candid, the food bar was a little pricey, especially when kids just want to make their own waffle.

Great stay-staff awesome-very clean-nice bistro-cocktails-snack area-fairly quite. Definitely would stay again!!

Miran de menos al latinos

Very basic room, nothing fancy. No room service, just a small bar but they have Starbucks coffee

Sam and Greg were at the front desk when we arrived around 6:30 p.m.  These two guys made us feel welcome and glad we were there.  They were very friendly and helpful, offered us water and checked us in very quickly.  These two guys do a great job!

spacious room clean and well maintained
facilities working  need more toiletries in room also reading material

the BIG drawback is the lack of a dining options, limited choice and limited hours and no room service

Great staff! 
Nicely appointed and maintained.

Everyone one was really nice and accommodating. My roommate locked the second deadbolt on the door and didn't wake up after I pounded on his window and the door. I had just got off a double 7am-630pm then 7pm-3am. I needed a place so I came here. They pushed my check out time to 3pm instead of noon. The rooms are extremely clean and very spacious. Thank you Marriott.... can we be roommates?

Great staff! Bistro timing not practical.

Hotel is conveniently located and the staff is friendly. The hotel itself is outdated. Lobby is not bad but elevator, rooms and bathrooms are old and need an uplift. The indoor pool also requires an upgrade.

excellent service, highway side room a little noisy.

This hotel's website stated that we could have a roll-a-way bed in our room of 4 people. When we arrived, we verified this information as instructed in the confirmation email. The desk clerk assured us it was no problem and that the bed would be placed in the room while we were out. We returned to the room very late and very tired only to find no roll-a-way bed. When asked, the desk clerk simply said he knew he told us we could have one, but that he was wrong. He was not friendly about it. It would have been nice to at least know that they were unable to meet this request earlier in the night when we could have made a decision about what to do. 

It was made up to us by the manager the next morning. He comped our room charge and placed us next door in the Residence Inn Austin South. The staff there was amazing! The room was dreamy! I suggest the staff from Courtyard take training from the staff at the Residence Inn.

Content, happily pleased member of Marriott hotels.

Staff was friendly and accommodating. Rooms were clean. Only reason I didn't give five stars was because the entire 4th floor smelled like stale smoke.

The pm staff at this location have amazing attitudes. They were very polite and extremely helpful with everything we needed.

A++++

The hotel was fine.

Not a guest

Comfortable bed, friendly service

Good front desk staff

Recently came here for a work trip, and the staff did something that I can never thank them enough for.

I came a couple of days ago off a flight at midnight, right after my luggage had been lost. Needless to say I was in a pretty grumpy mood.

The staff however changed my whole output on the situation. Roger at the front desk helped me into my room, and gave me great recommendations on where to find some clothes early the next day for work.  Another lady (I didn't catch her name), both gave me sympathy, and great tips on how to navigate my tricky day in Austin with no luggage. They were both great and I can't thank them enough for the hospitality they showed me.

Stayed here for work recently. Lobby, pool area, and rooms were all neat and clean. I didn't deal too much with the staff as I really had no issues while there but the few times I did they were very courteous and professional. Would definitely stay here again.

A++++++. Great place to stay. Minutes from downtown.

Very friendly, great place to stay.

Horrible..dirty

I was attending a conference at the Austin Convention Center, the hotel provided me easy access to drive to the convention center.  The hotel is very clean, comfortable, and excellent attention!

We have stayed here multiple times, the staff were very accomodating to our specific needs, so overall the experience was alright.

Decided to get out of the house for a night out. Stayed at the Courtyard and was extremely please with the staff to accommodate all my requests for the type if room I wanted. Extremely friendly and polite too. That's really important to me, GOOD JOB!

Muy buena ubicación, económico, y muy buenas instalaciones! :)

Nice hotel. Recommended.

You will enjoy being a quess here

Hotel staff was very friendly. Room service was prompt. Room was clean and well maintained.

Amazing. One of the best hotels ice ever been too

Good stay however rooms a little noisy. Miss the free breakfast.

This is an outstanding Courtyard.  It is clean, modern and the staff are outstanding.  Connors does an terrific job running the breakfast area.  The noise level is negligible even though it is near the Highway.  We stay in Courtyards all over the county and this is one of the best run one in which we have stayed.

I like staying here. It's convenient, clean, and comfortable. My only complaint is that the Starbucks in the lobby should open at least an hour earlier. There's a lot of folks like me who start their day before 6:30AM on weekdays and 7:00AM on weekends.

Either understaffed or overworked, this hotel needs help. Looks like mostly business travelers, but we would NEVER stay here again. Location to airport is a plus, but the maintenance and appearance indicate need for improvement.

Rooms are fine, mattresses are not comfortable.  a buffet breakfast bar would be welcome and complimentary coffee in the lobby seems like it ought to be standard.

The staff is friendly and professional. The room decor is outdated and the tub did not drain very quickly. The bed was comfortable and the room size was good. Overall, it was a good experience.

What's understood doesn't have to be explained and my stay with them was beyond satisfaction! Everything was absolutely impeccable, I'd definitely stay with them again!

Comfortable, woke up due to sounds from other guests.

Hotel conveniently located between airport and downtown Austin. Be sure to account for traffic when getting between the hotel and downtown though. Staff was very nice, have us helpful tips on where to shop close by. Provides toiletries at front desk when requested.

The staff was very courteous and helpful. They had all the amenities that we needed. Who is very visible from the highway and​ ample parking was provided.

Everything was nice and orderly. Great room service.

Staff was extremely helpful. Great hotel and great experience. I felt safe there ask was traveling alone

I travel. A lot. The staff at the Courtyard has gone above and beyond for my crew and I. Currently in town for SXSW from Los Angeles. Helen and Sam, among many others, have made my stay memorable. Everything from check in to morning coffee has been met with smiles and courteous service.

expensive but its worth it i had a great experience here will come back again soon

Really comfortable rooms!

Room was dirty, bed, bathroom, etc

Loved it. Close to 6th street.

Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful.

The staff here is AMAZING! ALL of them! The room was really pretty & SUPER clean! And the atmosphere has an exciting buzz to it! That was surprising & really nice! I didn't like that they put a hold on our credit card for the entire room stay, & it really almost ruined our weekend!

This is a nice hotel has microwaves and fridge in rooms. Has an indoor pool. Friendly staff. The supposed Starbucks in the lobby is not a real Starbucks they just sell Starbucks coffee it is more expensive than Starbucks.

Upon walking into this Hotel, I had one thought, YUM.  This hotel smelled amazing!  If was the same when I walked into my room.  I loved that it smelled great during my entire stay.  The staff was very polite, helpful and friendly.  Overall the hotel was extremely nice.  I had wished that the beds would have been queen size and not full size since there was plenty of space for them in the room.  I was disappointed that all the hotel offered in the morning was the bistro for breakfast, which you had to pay for.  Most hotels now offer the free breakfast.  With the price that I paid for the room, free breakfast would have been an expectation.

As an Elite member, I expect high quality service from Marriott. Unfortunately the experience of my last stay at Marriott Courtyard South Austin was below expectations. The room was average in its appearance, bare minimum amenities, high noise level both from outside (IH35) as well as inside (AC unit). The breakfast had a fee (as an Elite member I was expecting it to be waived).

Beautiful! Super nice place to stay.

A friend and I stayed here for 2 weeks for a medical procedure and experienced the best service of any hotel we've ever stayed at. Everyone was friendly and helpful, especially Connor and Aaron (and many others I didn't catch the name of). The hotel and rooms are clearly renovated and well done, the whole place was clean and stylized. We very briefly had an issue with our first room not having working heat and there being a bunch of Asian Lady Beetles and a tree roach (common in the area). BUT the second I brought it up, the staff was immediately understanding, gave us a new room, and gave 2 free breakfast vouchers (which was a nice courtesy). We quickly switched rooms and didn't see a single bug or have any issues for the whole 2 weeks. I believe the first room was a fluke and would definitely stay here again. Also the food in-house was surprisingly good, especially with Limestone within walking distance :)

The absolute best staff.  Each staff member connected with each guest and made them feel welcome and important.  Aaron was amazing.  I really can't say enough about the friendly, fast, caring staff.  The property is very clean and safe and well priced.  Would definitely go back again.

Our stay at the Courtyard Austin South was pleasant and relaxing.  The hotel was cozy, clean and nice.  Did I mention it also has an indoor pool?  The kids enjoyed the pool while we enjoyed watching them while snacking on food and drinks from the Bistro.  The morning breakfast was especially tasty but the service from Gunner was excellent!  We will definitely be back (55357)(56842)

Short in simple, I'd definitely stay here again just because of the friendliness alone. Service was awesome as well

Convenient. Nice/friendly staff

This is an old and tired roadside Hotel badly in need of a renovation. The road noise is inescapable from any part of the property and the staff was slightly less than hospitable. There is nothing within walking distance and little within driving distance worthwhile.

Clean

Super clean, super-friendly staff.

Great location.

We literally had more fun sitting at the hotel bar chatting with staff, than at the wedding we were in Austin for.

Great staff and hotel. Close to restaurants and downtown.  Airport is only a $20 cab ride away.

Nice affordable place to stay

Excellent stay! Staff was very helpful and friendly.

Great personality great staff great vacation  Boston will be back

The level of service and helpfulness of the staff was outstanding! We had a large group and they could not have been more accommodating to our group.

Great stay!

Had a meeting here at this Courtyard and they stepped it up!  I hold slot of meetings at. Courtyards and this one is just too notch. They even put out Andes mints on the tables!

Clean. Friendly staff. Highway-facing rooms not that noisy (not totally silent, but doable)

Was supposed to stay at the Courtyard near the airport but got in late and they gave my room away. The south location was not as nice.

Awesome, friendly, exquisite, impressed

Entire staff was very service oriented and catered to every request and need we had.  Overall great value and a very comfortable stay.

Very nice and clean. Very Friendly staff.

The people at the hotel were great and are to be commended.  They turned a rotten experience into a good one.

I had tried to use the app to book rooms when a business meeting was extended.  As soon as I tried to use the app it wanted to update so I let it.  It just went downhill from there.  it would take my password using either my email or rewards number as the user.  it wouldn't let me book without signing in.  I tried the password reset option and I got nothing (actually, the email arrived several hours later after I was checked in).  I gave up on the app and called the 1-800 number for reservations.  Waited in the queue.  Finally had an answer. Since i was in a call I couldn't look up the hotel's address on my phone.  i gave her the location (i35 south in Austin, next to Residence Inn) and she kept giving me hotels that were in RoundRock and other places tens of miles away.  I asked her to just say the addresses and I could pick from them but she didn't understand enough to follow directions (Indian call center has a definite language problem with English) I finally gave up on her and hung up.

Round three, next tried calling hotel directly after getting number from phone.  On hold, for over 20 min, no answer no human.  Gave up again and hung up.  I've now wasted the better part of 2 hours trying to get a reservation.  I get the other person and we drive over in the rain.  Get to the front and was told that there were not two rooms for two nights available in regular king.  I tell them the entire wasted effort I put in earlier trying to get reservation before they were out of the room i wanted.  At this point i was more than upset with Marriott.

However, they listened, gave me an upgraded room at the same price as the room i had wanted, and were very understanding and polite.   

Their actions are what saved this experience from being one of the most frustrating nights I've had in awhile and much animosity towards Marriott into a good experience.  The employees on duty are to be commended.

But you really do need to get a better online experience as it is certainly costing you customers.

An excellent stay. Very comfortable!

The staff is very friendly. Room was clean, and they even put diffusers in the AC vent. The bathroom was a little small, but who spends a ton of time in one of those at a hotel?

Not ready for prime time bar. Very friendly and helpful staff.

Its nice

Aaron and gentleman who checked us in were great. We checked on September 22 around 1PM

Nice hotel.  Friendly staff.  It is great if you need to be close to the airport or circiut of the americas.  5 dollars shuttle to downtown.  Nice overall.

Don't stay here if you value sleep. You can hear EVERYTHING. Upstairs neighbor. Next door neighbor. Never again will I stay here.

I always stay at the Courtyard Austin whenever I am in Austin as it has all I need and the staff are really attentive.

Nice hotel, tv was outdated yet also had HD programs.

Very nice and friendly staff and hotel was clean.

This hotel exceeded my expectations a lot. I only stayed for around 15 hours but the staff were really nice and went above and beyond to help us out.

There's no direct way to get there from the airport so the taxi fare was more than expected. Also, if you don't have a car, there's nowhere really you can walk to (unless you feel like running across I highway)

Our room was really nicely presented and there was a surprising amount of free space in it.

I have stayed at better Courtyard by Marriotts. I was extremely disappointed with the comfort of the bed. Since sleeping is the main reason I am spending money, I feel the bed should be the most enjoyable part. Unfortunately, for my husband and I, it was the opposite.

I like the Courtyard hotels and this is a comprehensive one.

I enjoyed my stay here and the staff made a big difference in the fun of my stay! André was awesome

The staff is nice of course. 1 Elevator for the whole building. NO FREE BREAKFAST! and the pool was extremely cold. But great pillows. I have to buy some.

The hotel suited me well... it was clean, modern, had tons of amenities, and the hotel staff was warm and professional.  I do plan to stay here in the future.

I've stayed at this property several times in the past 5 years and it's always the same great service. I'm picky about the hotels I stay in, that they're safe, clean, well maintained and have a friendly staff - and this property meets them all.

Absolutely beautiful. But, im on the side facing the freeway. The windows ard not soundproof as advertised. Really loud!! In the future, I will request a room away from  I-35. The pillows, linens and towels are fantastic!  Very nice staff. I'll definately come back.

Clean rooms with sofa too

Just wanted to commend Aaron at Guest Services on providing truly the best service I have ever had at a hotel by an employee. Super friendly and accomodating to every guest and went out of his way to even make me a fancy coffee when the cafe was closed! 😀

We had a room at the  La Quinta in across the highway. Upon entering our room we found roaches. The staff treated it as if it was no big deal. We left the hotel without a place to stay after driving across Texas. We drove up to the Marriot and the concierge Aaron was so kind and helpful. He made a horrible experience all better. My blood sugar had dropped from the stress of it all and the first thing he asked me was if I need to sit down and if he could get me a snack. From now on we are staying here when we come to Austin. Beautiful clean rooms, great staff and Starbucks coffee in the lobby.

Rooms are old and run down. The staff is pretty nice.

Overall a wonderful experience. Would recommend.

Bueno

I was only there for 12 hours, so used very little of the facility. I used the mobile app to check in. Upon arrival, Aaron at the front desk was very friendly, personable and efficient. The room was spacious and comfortable.

Great hotel for a great town

Convenient

I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. It was clean, safe, comfortable and the staff was outstanding! I can't wait to go back again! Excellent hotel! Excellent staff! Excellent service! Everything that we asked for was met very quickly by the excellent staff at this hotel.

Quick but great stay.

Very nice employees.  Great little bistro.

The stay at the Courtyard in Austin exceeded my expectations. When I first entered the hotel I was greeted with one of the friendliest staff I have met. The location was perfect for all the sightseeing we wanted to do. The room was nearly perfect. There was no ironing board, but luckily I came with some family and their room was right next door, so we borrowed theirs. Other than that I have to say the stay was great and I wouldn't mind staying here again .

My stay at the Austin, TX Courtyard was nice, I and my girlfriend just arrived back in the United States from traveling Asia for two weeks, I was so glad that they had a washer and dryer for the guest to use, while waiting for my laundry to finish I took advantage of the gym. If we're ever in the area again we wouldn't have any issues staying again.

The rooms were a little bit small and overall i really did enjoy the hotel

Clean, friendly staff, conveniently located to downtown.

There could have been seating areas outdoors.

The staff is absolutely wonderful. The rooms were comfy and clean. Property is very well maintained. Easy access to all places we visited. Liked all the parking being in front of the hotel. So many other Courtyard property's parking goes all the way around the building. People do not feel safe going to and from their vehicles, Felt safe at this location.My family will certainly stay here again.

Overall my stay at the courtyard Marriott in Austin was a very enjoyable experience. The room was very comfortable and provided the comforts of home.  The staff was friendly, courteous and professional.  The lobby was neat and well stocked with things for refreshment and a business area.  I really enjoyed my stay and would recommend it to anyone.

Bad location. Not easy to get to unless driving North.

Best staff and service! Every single staff member made me feel welcomed. Beds are Marriott reliable- excellent!
Hotel was busy yet quiet. Very convenient and comfortable.

Pretty decent room, nice lobby.

Beautiful hotel!

Clean and close to area attractions

Very modern and upscale.

The Davis Family Reunion 2016 was held in Austin, Texas.  Our host hotel was the Courtyard Austin South.  The rooms were clean and well maintained.  Our family had access to a meeting room that allowed us to have a centralized place to meet and do family activities with the children as the parents were checking in.  The hotel staff was extremely pleasant and very responsive to our requests for assistance.  The hotel staff recommendations on local places to eat according to our taste were excellent.  We enjoyed a delicious fish dinner at The Fish Parlour.

Very late night arrival. First assigned room reeked with the smell of mold and mildew.  Second assigned room on the third floor was only marginally better.  MARRIOTT properties are typically much better.  We stayed the remaining three nights of our Austin trip at the Marriott Austin North.  I strongly recommend the north property.  Avoid Marriott Austin South at all costs.

Always feel safe at one of the Marriott Austin South locations. Staff is amazing at all locations. Rooms are comfortable especially the suites at Courtyard and Residence Inn South. Will always choose to stay at one of these locations during my many trips to Austin each year.

The hotel staff right when you walk in are very welcoming. You will notice a nice front desk and lobby. Not a large one but has the space required. There is a Bistro which offers a variety of drinks (beer, soft, water, juice, coffee, hard) and foods. I tried the broccoli cheese soup... I would avoid that in the future. I also had a flat bread which is good enough. I would eat somewhere else or bring something back. The staff helped me find a few great places not to far away. There is only one elevator and sometimes smells like the indoor pool. The hallways are a bit loud (in color) but decent. My rooms I have had all have been quiet. This is nice especially considering it is right off of I-35. The rooms could use a bit of TLC but what hotel doesn't.

Great staff, very clean, nice decor, cozy, would definitely choose to stay there again.

Exceptional in attitude, skill, and service.

Had two rooms. Everyone was awesome.

Good room good service

I would recommend this hotel.  Price a little high for one night but at least there were NO issues.

Great hotel with friendly staff. Conveniently located a few miles from University of Texas

Nice

No breakfast food available before 7am.

Awesome place to stay and I will be back on my next trip to Austin.

Everything was great...except the food. Save your money and go elsewhere.

A typical Courtyard. Friendly staff, gets the basics right. Clean!

Excellent service very enjoyable

Rooms were decent, clean, everything you can come to expect from a 3 star hotel.

Great hotel with friendly staff! Not really close to much.

This hotel is only a 10 minute drive to downtown Austin, TX. The staff is friendly. I have no complaints. I would definitely stay again.

Nice rooms

Great stay for our mini getaway....hotel fit our needs perfectly.

Great room. Polite staff.

Clean. Good service and location.

Great and convenient place.

We enjoyed this hotel as a base station for an Austin wedding. The staff helped us at every step and were present when we needed them. Late night and early morning - staff was willing to assist. Would stay here again.

Recommend for stay at Motogp event.

Always a great stay..location great and staff always very friendly and helpful

Room had a lot of noise from the road, so try to get one on the other side, but otherwise it was good and the breakfast was great.

Had a lovely stay at this location and the staff were amazing.

Easy access to Downtown, and the airport. Plenty of restaurants nearby. Clean and convenient.

OK hotel.  Hot water in shower if you weren't taking one during peak time - not so much if you are waking with the masses.  Great cookies when available -apparently depends on how many are checking in.  Room cleaning was fantastic and I lived the Andes mints!

First room had an issue with the AC and they promptly changed rooms.  Clean rooms and friendly staff.

We had a group stay here for a holiday family visit. Our rooms were right next to each other, which was great. The rooms were nice and clean. The facility is what you expect from a Courtyard: clean and quiet. The best part of this Courtyard is the amazingly friendly and helpful staff. We had requests and discussions with several people from desk to the Bistro to the maid service. Every single member of this team was great. The gentleman at the desk when we checked out even walked out with us to our cars to say goodbye.

There was a musty smell in our room and there was residue or buildup behind the sink. The room looked clean but the smell was nauseating. The staff was friendly. Location was easy access to our desitination. The updates are cosmetic and seemed to just mask the old hotel. Disappointing considering we loved all the other courtyard chains we've visited .

Excellent hotel and service

Excellent experience and treatment by staff

Had a great time here at the Courtyard Austin Austin South. The staff were great and treated us like we were at the Marriott Resort.

Politeness is important to me and the staff was just that!

Good location, friendly staff, comfy bed

Every thing is good on hotel but they need improve there worker and Reception

Good room and great, friendly service. I was in town for a wedding and they gave us use of the meeting room.

Only negative is no free coffee or breakfast, but they did have delicious cookies and fresh water in lobby. Nice clean lobby with Starbucks coffee. Several TV's. Defiantly stay here again. Staff were friendly.

We stayed here for a short weekend. Hotel was good value for the money, but not good if you're looking for anything more than average amenities. Sofa beds are unsleepable, might as well bring an air mattress if you intend to use the sleeper sofa.

everyone was friendly and accommodating. we had a great time. Bed was amazing. Even though my room was by the highway, it was quiet. I slept great

Excellent location. The staff was super nice and professional. The lobby is spacious and provides a good location to visit and meet friends. The rooms were very clean with both a small refrigerator and microwave for your convenience, also included a coffee maker. It's off the highway and have restaurants and fast food eateries near by, alond with shopping very close.

Great stay. Too much rain.

It was a straightforward stay with clan facilities and nice staff.

A great place to stay - easy location for downtown and shopping.

Great staff, great accommodations

Would recommend this place

Good value but not the best choices. The downtown Courtyard on 4th is the best location.

Austin is just a fun town for a getaway. Staying south of the city, the location is easily assessable by the sister hotel shuttle service running every 1/2 hour. We have stayed at the Courtyard South for the last three years on vacation in Austin for the Formula One Race. The service is top notch and hotel is very clean and very nice for the room rate.

I was in town for a convention and all of the hotels were sold out downtown. so I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott South. The service was excellent at check in. The person at the front desk made an extra effort to make me feel welcome. The lobby is updated and very nice, and the room was fine. The only issue I had while I was at the hotel is the water in the shower stopped working for 15 minutes. I reported the issue and it was resolved. My overall rating is good (not excellent) only because I generally prefer a something a bit higher end (like Marriott La Frontera in Round Rock) but this is a good choice for the price and location.

Courtyard Marriott Austin South is a great place to stay. The rooms were large, clean and comfortable. The staff was great, very friendly and professional. I rate my two nights stay with them as a 10. Thanks for a pleasant stay at your hotel.

Very good staff, very clean room and good amenities. Kudos to manager Steven for sorting out a heating problem quickly and putting me in another room.

Marriott has good variety of pricing and location. Plus Always a good value and very attentive staff........

To expensive for value of the hotel.

Friendly service people that made check in a breeze. The hotel is nicely renovated and the rooms clean and comfortable.

Stuck in a handicap room, bad bed, cat urine smells in room, poor quality AC unit, dark and dingy atmosphere.

This hotel is clean, modern, and convenient for attending the ACL music festival. Breakfast was delicious and affordable. The staff was very friendly. Just 10 minutes from parking at the Palmer garage and then a healthy walk to the entrance of the festival on Barton Creek Road.

Spent three days at this hotel and had a great time. Except for the infestation of crickets. I must have killed a dozen or more in my room during my stay.
There are not many options for food within walking distance of this hotel.
The staff were very friendly and accommodating but couldn't get rid of the bugs.

Did not receive room service. Had cricket infestation.

I was promised an easy check in for three school board members, by the reservations office. The first two was good, the third was bad as she was not allowed to check in like the first two. The assistant manager was condescending and rude.
The only reason we stayed was because the remainder of the town was full. We will never stay here again.

Clean, new, friendly.. Great stay.

The quality and value are terrible

Everyone I directly interacted and some I did not (housekeeping) provided excellent and friendly service

Tall have a great staff here.

This hotel has the best customer service you will find anywhere. And all the amenities you would hope for. EXCELLENT! Really made my weekend~thanks again!!

I really enjoy my stay. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.

I used my points, finally, and I was not disappointed at all. Very clean hotel and friendly employees

The Courtyard Marriott in South Austin is an ideal location right off US 71. It is close to downtown if one needs to go there and right off 35. We enjoyed the comfort of the room and the breakfast before we departed. The rooms are large, clean and comfortable.

All Good! Very clean. All employees where courteous & friendly.They have a free shuttle to downtown that runs until midnight. Over all I would recommend this hotel.

It was nice staying at the Courtyard, I will recommend the Hotel.

Newly renovated hotel with excellent staff, soft plush bedding, and made to order breakfast bar with Starbucks menu. Location is not ideal, but still convenient to downtown, and well worth the price.

Beautiful hotel, staff was very friendly and always helpful. We felt very welcome and comfortable.

Hotel suite most comfortable, quiet, easy check in, good rates, and pleasant staff. Greeted by oversized baked cookies and popcorn-nice. Only problem-grackles are attacking and messing up cars in the parking lot.

Close to downtown...great price for the location

We like the location because it is just off the intersection of the highway to the airport and I 35. There are many Marriott family hotels at this location, but we have found the Courtyard to be what fits our needs the best, at the price we want to spend. The staff is friendly and helpful.

The staff was the best part of my stay here. Everyone was pleasant, helpful and genuinely happy to work there. The room was tastefully decorated, comfortable, clean, and everything works as it should. Every one of my travel needs were met.

If my travels bring me back this way, I will be back!

The staff was pleasant and helpful but the hotel infrastructure is a little out of date and the rooms are very small.

I'm always pleased with the quaintness of this mid size hotel. Friendly front desk staff, bar staff and housekeepers. Never any loud guests or parties going on in the rooms. Clean lobbies, pool, elevators, stairs and rooms....love it here and usually stay here when in town

This hotel is clean and nicely decorated. They offer an indoor pool, fitness room and business center. There is a Starbucks in the lobby. The staff is nice, but the male manager is better than great! The maid that I had was awesome! When it comes to the actual room. My four girlfriends and I had a double bed room. The beds were comfy. It was a little small. Especially the bathroom area. The sink and vanity area were tiny. The bathroom are felt like it lacked ventilation. However, this hotel was conveniently located to downtown. Taking Uber from this location was painless. I feel this hotel does the job. The price is right and so is the location.

Great location and easy to find restaurants, retail, gas and access to highways.

All clean and excellent staff.

This was my first stay at the Marriott Courtyard Austin South. It is close to my daughter's residence and very convenient for me. I was very pleased with my hotel stay in all respects. The staff were friendly and helpful. The facilities were clean and comfortable. The parking was adequate and luggage carts readily available to help with bringing my luggage from my vehicle to my room and back upon check-out. One of the best hotel experiences I have ever had.

Brooks H.---Kingwood, Texas

We have stayed at this location quite often with my daughter traveling with her tournament softball team and her participating in the St Edwards softball camps. The location is perfect...5 mins from campus. The hotel itself is always clean and the employees are always friendly and welcoming. They will also do what they can to ensure that you are comfortable and happy with your stay there. This is definitely our place to stay when we come into town and we will be doing that quite often in the next 4 years to come. Thank you Marriott for giving us a home away from home!

Stayed here for several weeks when I needed to be in Texas long term.
Location is convenient to downtown Austin. There is even a free shuttle.
We experienced a few minor issues but it is tough to be perfect when staying long term. Issues were printer in business area, door to room, etc. - so not major. Pool and spa were also closed most of stay. Bistro is convenient for breakfast and dinner - as is the market. Marriott across property also has restaurant and Residence Inn next door will accept and send faxes.

Staff were all great and made us feel at home at all times

Location is a little tricky to get to - and GPS routes you in back.

I spend Monday through Thursday night weekly in Austin for job related business. The Courtyard South is one of the Marriott establishments where I feel secure and at home. Each staff member knows who I am and they greet me with a sincere smile but most of all they call me by name, “Mrs. Hills”. Steven and the entire staff are always professional and they attend to my every need. My room is well kept and my personal items are well taken care of, which makes me happy. The team at the Courtyard South is the epitome of excellent customer service. Bonuses should be given to all of them.

100 PLUS. EXCELLENT IN EVERYTHING!!!

Courtyard Austin South is a great hotel and very convenient to all areas of Austin including both downtown and the Austin airport. Staff was very friendly and check in / check out process was extremely efficient as usual.

Great hotel location for visiting area attractions. Easy access to I35

The hotel was easy to access and the staff was so pleasant and accommodating to our needs during my niece's wedding. We never passed thru the lobby without being greeted. In addition, our rooms were clean and the balcony was nice and quite for hanging out while we were in our room.

We had a one night stay at the Courtyard Austin South and didn't spend too much time in the hotel but I liked what I saw. Not sure how old the hotel is but the lobby area appeared new and had a small bistro and sitting area.

Staff was very friendly and easy to work with.

Our room was nice, what you would expect from a courtyard, only complaint was loud air conditioner and small sink area for bathroom.

Hotel is right off the freeway so easy access. As mentioned we didn't spend much time in the hotel or around it so I don't have any comments on access to food or other entertainment next to the hotel.

Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Very clean and safe environment.

I enjoy may stay once a week when. I travel for business. The service is top notch and employees are welcoming and provide great service.

Overall it works for business.

Beautiful hotel off the expressway. Staff were nice. Beautiful front lobby with Starbucks cafe. Indoor pool I wish was warm and not frigid cold and the jacuzzis boiling hot. It would be just perfect if the pool and jacuzzi temperature were just right

Friendly Staff and clean room.

Food Service is lacking

Best hotel experience I've had

I stay 5 nights. On the forth night house keeping failed to clean my room. They ever came into the room.The night manager went up to my room and cleaned the room. The night mangers for July 13th should be commended for there providing the highest quality service to their guest .

The staff is so helpful and courteous. The rooms are very clean. Excellent room rates.

Front desk was extremely friendly with a quick and welcoming smile. I arrived early and they made arrangements for me to check-in and didnt have an attitude like other properties. Made me feel welcomed and at home.

Good hotel, good location. Would recommend.

The staff was excellent in terms of helping support the event. The only thing I didn't care for was the evening accommodation for food.

very accommodating & great location

I highly reccomend this hotel ! You cannot go wrong with this choice u going to make

A relaxing stay! Perfect for a weekend getaway and very reasonable!

I was in town for work. Great location, easy to get everywhere, great service.

Great location but I believe other hotels in the area offer nicer accomodations.

We didn't spend too much time at the hotel, but when we slept, we did so like babies! The bed was extremely comfortable!

Stayed here for a youth baseball tournament. Service and staff were friendly and accommodating. I would stay here again.

We enjoyed our brief visit to your hotel. As someone traveling across America, booking hotel via the Marriott app, I expect the hotel address to be correct on the app and web pages. These things are easy to update! Instead we had to experience I35 traffic "joys" trying to find your place after an extremely long day of traveling. We were so ready to be at the hotel and the wrong address made our day 20 minutes longer, which seemed like forever after 12 hrs in the truck.
No complaints otherwise, you have friendly staff and clean comfortable rooms. Thanks.

It was very convenient to stay there for St Edwards Orientation

I came in late and was greeted well and my room was great

nice, pleasant and comfortable stay

Our activities were in south Austin, so we picked the Courtyard there to avoid all the traffic that we could.
A quiet, very clean, and welcoming place, with a friendly staff, and a great lobby area. A great place to stay, and the accessibility to IH35 made it relatively easy to get to north Austin in the middle of the wild traffic there.
We would come back.

I was packed up in a Uhaul truck. Had a great sleep in a comfortable bed. Plenty of parking for the extra large vehicle. Esy to get back onto the road. Staff was lovely and accommodating.

I would recommend this hotel for anyone traveling in or through Austin, TX.

The good: VANESSA is a STAR!! She assisted me via phone prior to my check in to let me know that my work (full set of building plans) would fit with ample space on the guestroom desk. THEN when I was getting ready to go out I realized I didn't bring hair spray - curling hair without hairspray with Texas humidity is a lost cause - I called down to the front desk to ask if the little sundry shop had hairspray, which it didn't. Vanessa then VOLUNTARILY went next door and retrieved a travel size hair spray for me - at no cost! I am in the hospitality industry and I wish Vanessa would come train my front desk staff! She is absolutely phenomenal!! Additionally, the AGM, I can't for the life of me remember his name at the moment, was wonderful also, he prioritized my room to check in so I could get out of my colleagues hotel room sooner (I was going crazy in there!! Men just have a different standard of clean than women, ya know!) He put me in a nice quiet room away from the free way on an upper floor.
Your staff is fantastic - I work for a 4 diamond hotel in the Houston area and was absolutely blown away by your level of guest service!
You guys ROCK!
Bed was comfortable, room was clean, location was ideal as my friends and colleagues were staying within a quarter of a mile. Convenient location with access to freeways, food and just a quick uber away from downtown

I will be back to this hotel for sure. The staff is exceptional, the room was very clean. They serve Starbucks & hot breakfast. Internet speed was excellent. I really enjoyed my stay.

When I travel, I prefer to stay with Marriott.

I loved the courtyard! Everyone was awesome, stephen checked us in and made sure to feel welcomed!

Excellent staff in the hotel and a nice breakfast also, with very speedy service. The fitness centre was a little cramped but the pool was fine for its size and perfectly clean.

Any requirements like taxies etc were handled without hassle. Will certainly use again.

Friendly helpful staff. The room was decent. The beds are way too soft. I woke with a very stiff back. The bathrooms are small. The fitness room is small and somewhat dirty. The elevator looked as if it hadn't been vacuumed in weeks.

I had a great breakfast though.

Hotel was very clean and front desk staff was excellent. Room is a bit small but if all you're doing is sleeping there shouldn't be a big problem. Easy drive to South Austin/Congress Street and much less expensive than the hotels located there. We did not take advantage of any of the hotels' amenities but they seemed to have everything covered. We will stay there again the next time we are in Austin.

There is a saying in Spanish that says "Bueno, Bonito y Barato". That means good, pretty or nice and cheap. This nice and very comfortable hotel with great staff offered the best during my stay.

The Courtyard South Austin is a great hotel with ease. The facilities are great and the process of getting checked in and comfortable was way above par. I travel a lot for work and I prefer Courtyard Marriotts over other larger Hotels.

The Courtyard Austin South consistently provides excellent accommodations for my stays in Austin, Tx. It is 20 mins from the businesses I work with and 15 from downtown. The Bistro food is great and is always served quickly with a smile. The staff as a whole is very congenial and helpful.

Staff were friendly and eager to please, overnight stay for work was nice and relaxing.

I found the food too expensive for the amount of food they give you

I wish there was availability at the Downtown Austin Courtyard Marriott since that location is closer to where I was job training, but there weren't any available rooms, so my employer booked me at this location. No complaints about the service here, though! Everyone at the front desk and the Bistro was super friendly and greeted me every time I left or came back to the hotel! The housekeeping staff did a stellar job cleaning and resetting my room when I wanted them to!

I was also happy that there was a pool and a small fitness room that I got to use a few times during my weeklong stay. There is only one elliptical machine in the fitness room, though, and every time I headed down there, I would hope that the machine was available. Fortunately, it was the few times I went to the fitness room.

Downtown evening shuttle is a smart idea, though I didn't get to use it (my employer provided a car during my training days). An airport shuttle would have made things a tiny bit easier, as taking a taxi or Uber was a little pricey.

Overall, excellent experience at this Courtyard Marriott and I would highly recommend!

We really enjoyed sharing our 5 year anniversary with the Courtyard Austin South crew! They helped make our experience a very fun and memorable one!

Great place to stay. Good location for both travel north and south. Staff is pleasant and efficient.

When did Courtyard start charging for Breakfast?? As opposed to other motels adjacent to this location.

The hotel lobby is pretty and the staff is awesome, but that is where it stops. It appears to be an older Marriott.

This hotel has a good location and is nice if you need to be near downtown. The building is not the newest and could use some updating. Another elevator would be nice. The decor is ice and it has a nice pool area.

Very comfortable, large suites, updated and very clean rooms. Easy hwy access and close to 6th street

Great stay, great service, fantastic staff.

The staff was friendly and very accommodating

We had a great stay at Marriott. Staffs were friendly and always had a smile on their face. Food choices at Bistro restaurant were great as well.

I always stay at this location when I'm in Austin because it is one of the only relatively affordable options of such quality and comfort. For the price I would expect much less but instead I feel like I am staying at one of the nicer hotels downtown. The only slight disadvantage to it is that it takes about 10 more minutes to get anywhere than it would if you stay downtown but it is right off the highway which makes it convenient. The staff is also very friendly and helpful! Thanks Courtyard!

You can't beat this hotel if you are attending a conference in downtown or have business in downtown. The rates are significantly lower than downtown and there is a shuttle to downtown so you don't have to pay expensive cab fares or expensive parking rates. The shuttle is convenient, clean, and the drivers are really friendly. You don't have to battle the Austin traffic (worse than Rt. 95 on the east coast with the exception that the TX drivers are nice and let you switch lanes!) ....you can let the driving up to the shuttle driver. The hotel has a terrific breakfast selection and ALL of the staff are professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. There is a full service Marriott two buildings from the Courtyard with a very nice restaurant. Vishal and Steven will answer any/all questions. Good job, Marriott!

We had a wonderful stay. We loved the proximity to downtown ☺️

This is an excellent value. The hotel is extremely clean and comfortable. The staff were extremely friendly and professional.

This is the first stay where I had any issue

All interactions with Courtyard Austin South were outstanding. From check in, housekeeping, Bistro, the shuttle, check out - it was all absolutely stellar service levels!

was told shuttle ran 6-12, asked for shuttle at 5 and told no shuttle service till 8pm. toilets were real low, bed was good..

Great staff, nice room with great lighting for work.

Nice hotel...more affordable than staying directly downtown. Hotel staff are professional and friendly, hotel is well kept. Located directly off freeway on frontage road. The noise on the freeway side of the hotel is significant if the windows/patio door are opened. On next visit I would specifically request to be on the non-freeway side of the building.

Stayed at hotel for a night it was convenient and clean. Good size room.

MY WIFE AND I MADE OUR YEARLY TREK TO AUSTIN FOR THE WHITE TANTRA YOGA EVENT HELD IN AUSTIN EVERY FEBRUARY. ALL THE STAFF FOM RECEPTION TO HOUSEKEEPING WERE EXTRAORDINARILY PLEASANT, FRIENDLY AND MOST OF ALL VERY HELPFUL. WE HAD A VERY POSITIVE EXPERIENCE.

Excellent stay at Courtyard Austin South. Returning in March and hope to stay there again.

Clean, safe hotel located just off I 35 a few miles south from downtown Austin.

My recent stay at the Courtyard was fabulous.  Staff was very friendly and very helpful.  I was very impressed with the assistant manager's patience in assisting me with my not so techy capabilities and dining recommendations.  Sorry I can't recall his name for a special shout out.  The rooms were clean and quiet.  Definitely would give this property a 10!

We had a great time here!

Great place to stay for business

In town for a convention so decided to stay away from downtown. We were delighted to find our hotel offered complimentary shuttle service to downtown Marriott which was just across street from convention center. We made it downtown in 30 minutes and we didn't have to drive.!!!Wow!! A real bonus!! And we didn't have to pay for parking.

The rooms are spacious with microwaves and fridge, the lobby is completely updated

Good, clean, comfortable, non-smoking room.

Had a great Friday-Sunday stay at the IH-35 Courtyard Austin South. Staff was attentive but also perfectly non-invasive, which was nice because I was traveling with a new group of friends for the first time. Room was nice, lobby was nice, staff was stellar, and parking was never an issue. No complimentary breakfast, but if you're familiar with Courtyards you've come to (not) expect that. Didn't use the pool or gym, but they both looked above-average as well, at least in my experience. I'll definitely keep this one in mind when I'm in town in the future, great value.

The staff experience here was excellent. Hollie at the front desk is a pleasure and Bianca at the Bistro is quick and courteous.

The service is good and the hotel is clean.

Loved the convenience of this hotel and how clean it was.

The staff here is superb! I just wish the beds and location were up to the same exceptional standards. What we found out is that the beds are not the newer memory foam beds that we have come to expect from the newer Marriott and Courtyard properties. There is also an industrial area behind the hotel (which faces I-35) and noise can be a factor, even during the night. If those things do not bother you, then you will not be disappointed in your stay here.

This is one of the best hotels in Austin. And if you need to get Downtown, they have a shuttle. Its worth the drive down south and there are plenty of places to eat nearby.

From the time I checked in until the time I left the staff at the Courtyard Austin South could not do enough to make sure my stay was pleasant.

Room was very modern and clean. Staff was very helpful. I will go back there.

Very quiet just the way I needed

We recently attended a family wedding in the Austin area. The weather was rainy and cold and the venues were in different directions but several miles away. This Courtyard was the ideal location for us. The sauna was hot and the kids loved the pool. There was tea and water with lemons and limes at the door, waiting for us. The staff were incredibly helpful, no matter the request. The internet was extremely fast. Despite the wet weather, the walkways and hallways were clean and dry and safe to walk on. We had a thoroughly wonderful time.

Wonderful people work at this hotel.

I normally stay at Marriott Hotels for business travel. This trip was for pleasure. I redeemed Marriott Reward Points for two rooms. Jenny, the front desk person, was very accommodating and just a pleasure to be around. She made us feel right at home. I have family members who live about 11 miles from this hotel and the next time I plan a visit I will be staying here again and it is because of the staff

This was our first Christmas from home. We came to Austin to visit our son. We couldn't have had a better time. i would highly recommend this Hotel. They went out of their way to make us feel at home. They will have my business for every visit we make to Austin.

Would recommend for Austin travel!

Comfortable but noisy. Clean and great location.

On of the nicest hotels my family and i have stayed in.

Great service, room very nice and clean, staff
Perfect

A wonderful Christmas stay at Courtyard Austin South with Nicola and all of her staff!

Love the place . But the bed squeaked badly. the staff were great overall great place

This is a comfortable, attractive hotel eith a gracious and friendly staff

This hotel was hands down the next best thing to home for me during my trip. Friendly staff, clean property, and comfortable rooms. I would hands down recommend this hotel to all family and friends, and look forward to spending my next visit with the friendly staff of this Marriott.

Overall a very nice hotel for the money. Disappointed not to have complimentary coffee/tea in the lobby.

We arrived very late and had to change our room accomodations. Lea did an outstanding job of making us feel welcome and comfortable. The next morning she went above the call of duty and made sure our entire stay was to our liking. We felt like family and greatly appreciated the extra care she provided on our behalf. Great hotel with great staff! I would like to nominate her for employee of the YEAR!

Excellent. I was impressed by the cleanliness of the room. The overall experience was excellent.

All good except for the bed

Great staff
friendliness and professional

A great staff compliments the up-to-date, clean accommodations. I was not disappointed.

Great for business but location is hard to access from the highway

Great. Nice Hotel. Nice staff and service.

Staff was very helpful and the location is close to S Congress

Excellent hotel in a great easy to access location. I would recommend for business or leisure travel.

Always stay here when visiting family in Austin. Comfortable - friendly accommodations!

Wonderful staff and great refurbished property. A gift was given on arrival and staff was incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. Easy parking. Great location just 5-7 minutes south of downtown. A little hard to find.

Centrally located and reasonably priced, I always choose a Marriott Courtyard when I travel to Austin. The staff is very friendly and accommodating and I can always expect a clean room with a comfy bed.

Great overnight stay in Austin to join up with family and then on to Marriott Resort in San Antonio for wonderful Thanksgiving brunch and watching football at that great resort. This hotel offers a great location, great staff, and great vaue!!!

great stay - friendly and clean

They went above and beyond to make our stay pleasurable. The suite was beautiful, quiet, and comfortable.

We arrived way earlier than expected. Christopher was able to arrange my check-in when I called him at 3:30am. He was able to give me a comparable room at a better rate. When we chose to stay one more night at the last minute, we were made to feel more than welcome. No issues, great service and I am buying one of their pillows as a birthday present for myself! Finally a good night's sleep for my head!

Will stay again when in Austin

Money not worth the stay.

Good place to stay, lots of resturante in the area

nice hotel

Stayed during a UT football weekend and found the service and attention to be excellent. Relatively easy access to the University, Austin style eating, and the airport. Truly appreciated the Marriott management's concern for our satisfaction.

Great hotel, friendly staff and very clean.

Hey your hotel is ok but the chairs and booths are very uncomfortable.

I stayed at the Courtyard Marriott from October 24 to 29th 2014 for a conference in the city.
The rates where affordable, and my stay exceeded my expectations.

We stayed for one night on our way to the University. it fulfilled our purpose and was pleasant and safe.

Friendly staff and generally predictable.

Individual(s) above our floor very noisy.

Great Customer Service and friendly people.

Excellent staff, very nice facility. Highly recommend this hotel

Great time great staff nice time, thank you

I'm one of the many AT&T employees in training. We are staying at the hotel two night a week this month.

Last Thursday night (Oct 16) was the most amazing and personal experiences I've ever had at a hotel. Someone alerted the staff that is was my birthday, the big 5-5. The receptionist offered to buy me a drink when I came back from dinner. I said thank you, i'll try to come back downstairs, can't pass up a free drink! About 15 minutes later I had a knock on my door. Three lovely staff members sang happy birthday to me, complete with chocolate cake, one candle, and a birthday balloon.

I'm back tomorrow night, and never will forget the wonderful gesture.

thank you!!

Great value. Staff are very friendly.

Great stay! Clean, friendly and convenient. Shuttle available to downtown. Bistro in lobby for quick meal or snack.

Friendly staff. Convenient location. Nice clean room with comfy beds.

I was in Austin for a conference and spent most of my off time at the hotel. The room and food were great, very relaxing place to stay.

We had a great time at our stay at Courtyard Austin South. The staff were all very friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable.

A/C in hallways did not work. Only 1 elevator.

stayed at this courtyard for a race at the circuit of the americas, good service, good amenities. no complaints. will stay here again.

Convenient to airport and many wonderful eateries in the South Austin area.

As stated in my previous review, the staff make this hotel! Everyone was courteous and helpful. The even smiles constantly and this is almost unheard of these days. The staff easily made up for any other shortcomings at this hotel!

This Marriott has the new updated lobby design. The staff was courteous and fast at our check in.

My husband and I stayed at this hotel while we were in town for a wedding. The staff took great care of us. The food was great and the room was large and very comfortable. Our room had a large balcony which added to the luxury of our room.

Location excellent for access to Capitol and UT. 1/4 mile from entry ramp to I-35 north.
Although room only had a one-cup coffee maker (too small) and no microwave (popcorn, snack?) it did have small refrigerator. Food in lobby was expensive. One elevator near lobby serving 4 floors of guests.
Indoor pool was clean and well kept.
With three guests in room would have preferred roomier suites hotel.
Would stay here again if no suites hotel room available (Marriott Spring Hill Suites next door).

Thank you for making a quick stay for my family member a nice memory.

This place made me feel at home when i was really so far away. Thank you

Room comfort was just adequate for Marriott standards. However, the staff was amazing. Friendly, professional, and helpful. A little too out of the way from downtown Austin.

Beds were uncomfortable. But other than that, was awesome.

Nothing really stands out other than the fact that nothing stands our which to me is a good thing. It means nothing was wrong.

Nice room for the price. Breakfast was good! Pool and hot tub were clean and indoors. That's a plus in the 100 degree Texas heat. I would stay here again.

We used your accommodations for mainly an overnight place to sleep.

Overall, I would recommend this hotel to other business travelers.

Awesome staff very friendly. The front entrance were very sweet and attentive

GET THE AIR CONDITIONERS WORKING!!! THE ROOM WAS EXTREMELY HOT INSIDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The room we got was away from the highway, so we did not hear any noise from the truck traffic. I suggest asking for a room on the side or the back, I heard from a customer that the highway noise was bad. We had a good choice of foods from the small restaurant. Nice people working here. We will be back

The staff is what made this stay as good as it was.

Awesome place to stay with friends

Great staff. Very attentive and friendly.

Top notch hotel pleasant and helpful efficient staff. I recommend.

Courtyard Austin South is in an excellent location sitting right off highway, just a few minutes from downtown, & shopping areas. Excellent staff & service!

Great hotel. . Great service.. i will be back.

I had a very comfortable stay at this Courtyard. Upon check-in there was a little "stumble" but the staff resolved the issue very quickly, courteously, and professionally. The property was clean and well-kept. I highly recommend.

Very well trained and friendly staff.

Perfect location. The hotel was a good combination of location, cost and service.

They have changed since I was last there and upgraded!  Great staff.  Breakfast is a necessary for me and this one is excellent.  gym and pool are nice!

Excellent

Excelente hotel, nada que ver con los mugrosos hoteles de súper 8 o los 6; vale la pena pagar los 200 pesos extra que cuesta aquí

We stayed for a business / leisure weekend. This hotel is in a good location. A short drive to all the tourist areas. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff was super friendly. Hotel was quiet. We will stay again.

very nice accomadations

Friendly staff, great location, comfortable and well appointed. We will stay here again.

Awesome

The staff is great, and it's a convenient location and easy to get in and out of. Hotel is pretty well-maintained.

very nice place to stay

This hotel was very impressive! Clean, decor was really nice, and the staff were beyond helpful and SO kind!

Great place to stay when you have alot of things to do, easy in and out parking and getting to rooms. Quiet and clean.

The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were a bit dated, but very clean.

Excellent service! great rooms and very clean. Ask for andrew, best front desk guy ever.

Would not stay here if I had a choice. Should have researched more before booking.
1) No water to drink
2) No breakfast/coffee or snacks

I recently stayed at this Marriott hotel for 2 nights and 3 days. While the room itself was decent, the overall experience fell short of expectations.
The bathroom door did not close properly, which should have been addressed before the room was assigned. More concerning was the lack of housekeeping throughout my entire stay. When I inquired, I was told the hotel was busy due to an event — but that shouldn’t come at the expense of basic guest services.
When I requested fresh towels as a minimal alternative, I was asked to come down and pick them up myself. That’s simply not acceptable for a hotel at this price point.
At around $150 per night, I expect a much higher standard of service and attention to detail. Unfortunately, this stay did not meet those expectations.

Great place to stay!

Attended an event at the hotel and I gotta say, my stay was very pleasing! The front desk was super friendly! I also saw someone filling up the water stations in the ballroom, super grateful since I don’t live in Texas and was adjusting to the warmer weather. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is staying outside of Austin Texas. With that being I do feel that the hotel needs some maintenance, my hotel door was very squeaky, a couple buttons on the elevator where hard to press, but other than that. Absolutely loved my short stay at this hotel and I will be staying here if/when I do come back.

If I could give this place 20 stars, it wouldn’t be enough. Charly and Jen were so kind to myself and my boys when we unexpectedly had to stay over for a night. Their kindness and hospitality truly helped me relax on an evening of stress. The room was wonderful and the shower was perfect.

I’m leaving this review because I was staying in the same room with my friend at Courtyard by Marriott Austin Pflugerville for a wedding, and what happened afterward has been extremely frustrating and suspicious.

We came straight from the airport to get ready for the event. While getting dressed, my friend hung his blazer, vest, and shirt in the room’s closet, which is hidden behind a large mirror and very easy to overlook if you’re not paying attention. When we checked out, we were in a rush to get to the airport and unfortunately forgot to check that closet before leaving.

Later when he realized the clothes were left behind, we honestly weren’t worried at all. We assumed housekeeping would obviously find them during cleaning and place them in lost and found. The worst case scenario we expected was simply paying to have them shipped back.

However, when he contacted the hotel, management said nothing was found in the room. At the same time, they insisted their housekeeping team performs thorough inspections after every checkout and that their staff has high integrity and always turns in any items left behind.

The problem is these weren’t small items that could easily go unnoticed. It was a blazer, vest, and shirt hanging in the closet. The vest in particular meant a lot because it was custom made for him by his grandmother from special fabric.

So the explanation doesn’t really add up. Either the room wasn’t actually inspected properly, or someone found the items and didn’t report them.

What should have been a simple lost-and-found situation has turned into a completely unnecessary mystery. It’s disappointing to see this kind of situation handled this way at a Marriott property.

If you stay here, I would strongly recommend double checking everything in your room before leaving and keeping close track of your belongings, because based on our experience, there’s no guarantee items left behind will make it to lost and found.

The hotel has a way of making you feel settled almost immediately. The reception team are warm, efficient, and genuinely attentive, turning arrival into something smooth and quietly reassuring rather than merely routine. The room is spotless and remarkably quiet, breakfast is simple but clearly prepared with care, and the peaceful surroundings make deep, restorative sleep feel like one of the hotel’s most natural comforts. More than anything, though, it is the value that lingers. The level of comfort and consideration feels distinctly beyond what the rate prepares you for, and it is that understated generosity that makes the hotel so easy to recommend and so easy to picture returning to.

I had an extremely disappointing experience with Courtyard by Marriott Austin Pflugerville and feel compelled to warn future guests.

I came directly from the airport to stay here for a friend’s wedding. While getting ready, I hung my blazer, vest, and shirt in the room’s closet, which is hidden behind a large mirror and extremely discreet. Because of how concealed it is, I unfortunately forgot to check it when leaving. I checked out early and went straight to the airport to fly home.

When I realized later that I had left my clothes behind, I actually felt reassured at first. I assumed housekeeping would obviously find them and put them in lost and found. I even expected that the worst case would simply be paying for shipping to have them returned.

Instead, the hotel management told me their housekeeping performs a “thorough inspection” of every room after checkout and that their staff always turns in lost items due to their high integrity. Yet somehow they also claim nothing was found.

That explanation makes absolutely no sense.

These items were not small or easy to miss — it was a full blazer, vest, and shirt hanging in the closet. To make matters worse, the vest had deep sentimental value because my grandmother had it custom made from special fabric for me.

So this leaves only two possible conclusions:
1.	The room was not actually inspected thoroughly, despite management insisting it was.
2.	Someone found the items and chose not to report them.

Either scenario reflects very poorly on the hotel’s operations and integrity.

What should have been a simple lost-and-found situation has turned into a completely unnecessary mystery. The hotel’s repeated claims about their “honest staff” and “thorough inspections” don’t line up with the reality that large, obvious items vanished from the room.

Guests staying here should be cautious. Keep careful track of everything you bring into your room, because if something is left behind, you may never see it again.

This experience has left a very bad impression, and I expected far better accountability from a Marriott property.

I attended a work conference at this hotel recently. The hotel lobby and adjacent areas were very modern and decorated nicely. The rooms were nice, but a little dated. The area where the hotel is located is a very nice area. I encountered an issue with my room and housekeeping, but hotel management seemed very concerned and tried to make things right. I would stay again if in this area.

I was in town for a dance competition and didn't realize until I was already home that I didn't have my wedding ring. The staff found the ring and mailed it to me. Not only did they mail it, they disguised the package and sent some swag! Great hotel and great staff!

There for a convention. Main ballroom is nice but the lighting is dim.

Excellent staff.
The rooms are nice spacious and well kept.

Again, they failed to keep the drink stations filled during the conference.  The food was delicious, but they did not label what was gluten-free. They also did not take cross-contamination into consideration or provide a gluten-free dessert.

Can't speak to a human on the phone won't ever stay here

Positive: Very Clean and comfortable. Negative: N/A

Be prepared to pay for a mediocre breakfast, that really should be included with the hotel stay.

Positive: location t where i needed to be Negative: ""

Since when doesn't the Bistro 'serve' food - I have to walk up myself now?  No one comes to the table to offer drinks when there is only me and one other person in the entire place?  I'm literally watching a girl stand at the register doing nothing while I sit here wondering what's going on  ...

Second attempt - grab something from the 'microwave' section - only to have six people in line to check in with one person manning the desk.

Going to bed hungry - and now angry.  As a Platinum Bonvoy Member - this hotel was a complete disappointment.

We stayed here during while an inside home painting job was being done at our residence. Very convenient as it is 2 miles from our home. This was an incredible stay! We experienced excellent customer service and warm greetings throughout our stay! The team chemistry and culture they have developed at this property is top notch! The front desk staff, including Jennifer and Sophia were awesome. Kelly and James in the Bistro catered to all of our needs. Charleston, the night chef, has great culinary skills and he is such a funny person! Thank you Courtyard Pflugerville for being a great hotel neighbor when we needed it!

I would not recommend staying at this location. They have no problem taking your money but then don’t give points/account activity that you paid for.

The state of the room is bad enough that I am leaving a review immediately. Not bad enough for me to leave immediately but enough that I am considering heading home early.

Update: The on site restaurant was closed over 90 minutes early for lunch. Per the in-room menu, Lunch is 1-4 PM. Went down after 2PM before 2:30PM and it was closed. Not opening again until dinner.

Overall great location
The walls are thin, so you can hear people walking above you and in the hallway
The WiFi is SLOW.
The rooms were nice and clean, I just hated the half shower door. You get water everywhere on the ground.
The bistro downstairs offers a good selection of food.
~$18 for a crispy chicken sandwich
~$18 for the hot honey fried chicken sandwich
- The breakfast burrito was delicious
- I don’t think they actually have the herbed cream cheese indicated on the breakfast menu. They would give me plain every time I said herbed
Get the fries. They were the best thicker cut fries I’ve ever had.

Really enjoyed my stay. I wish the hotel had better exhaust as I noticed black mold when I was checking out.

Thank you for the welcome gift!

Traveling for the holidays, I stay in a lot of Marriotts—and I genuinely love the brand. But this Courtyard Marriott in Pflugerville is by far one of the cleanest, nicest, most efficient, and most pleasant properties I’ve stayed at. The service professionals here are truly exceptional. Everyone I encountered seemed naturally happy, and the kindness they show feels sincere and effortless.

I especially want to recognize Kelly, the barista at the Starbucks counter. She is an absolute gem. She remembered my order from the day before, and she makes the perfect keto vanilla latte. More than that, her warmth and energy make you feel seen and uplifted—exactly the kind of start to your morning that inspires you to pay it forward.

This Marriott made a lasting impression. If you're visiting the area, this Courtyard Marriott in Pflugerville is a standout. Highly, highly recommend!

This was the best experience I have had at a hotel. The staff was very pleasant and kind. I would have loved to try the pool. Hopefully next time!

Front desk support staff, Sophia, was excellent at check in and upon check-out. This hotel will be my new home away from home whenever I am in the Austin area.

Kelly and David in the Bistro are top notch. Superior customer service, hospitality and professionalism. The rooms are nice, but Kelly & David made our stay very special. Because of them, we will return often.

Closest hotel to Amazon AUS2 FC. Easy on/off freeway access. In house bar and food but also within just a few minutes off shops and restaurants in town.

This location is very convenient to highway access, local restaurants, and stores. I would recommend staying here if you're ever in Pflugerville. Breakfast was a little expensive, but excellent!! The food service staff members (Kelly & David) went above and beyond to make every morning delightful.

We had very good service froom Kelly who works in the kitchen  breakfast restaurant

Denise is awesome. Room was very clean and spacious.

Beautiful hotel. Great pool area. Friendly staff.

Went to attend a conference there and the room and food was good.

Amazing experience for my first F1 weekend! The F1-themed decor was stunning, and the small F1 cars on display were such a creative touch. Big kudos to the staff for making the stay so memorable. I’ll definitely be coming back and will highly recommend this place especially knowing others paid over $1k to stay downtown. Your team truly deserves all the appreciation!

My brother booked the room, and everything was perfect! I absolutely loved the F1 backdrop, especially the Marriott points car such a fun and creative idea. Shoutout to Jen, Sacor and Kristine! these ladies are amazing. Thanks to those little F1 cars, my brother even scored some extra points!

Terrific property!  Very modern and clean.  Marriott set a high bar with this amazing hotel.||There were signs for a Church of Christ service on property at 10am on Sunday, so we will plan to stay for service next time.

One of the most friendly hotels I have experienced, and I have traveled a lot in my 54 years.  The front desk representative, and I'm sorry I didn't get her name, was the most welcoming and sincere person I have met.  So took a vested interest in me and I told her my significant other was flying down to Austin so we could pre celebrate her 55th birthday.  A lot of small talk but she definitely was paying attention.  The reason I know this is I left the property to pick her up at the airport.  When I got back to the room with her, there was a bottle of wine on ice, chocolates, and a birthday card.  Absolutely none of this was asked for, but it was just there due to truly great customer service.
Clay our bartender on property was fun and engaging.  We talked to him for about  an hour while warming up.  I would recommend this property to everyone and I will look Marriott in the future first!

Brian

I usually try to avoid Courtyard hotels because of the paid bistro, but Kelly and her team went above and beyond and made this my favorite part of my stay. From bringing a little dish to my table of salt and pepper to helping me find a more cost effective way to get 3 eggs cooked how I want, the service was next level! 6/5 stars. Would stay again.

Nice meeting spaces.  Friendly staff.  Clean.

Very cozy and spacious room. I truly enjoyed my stay. Jen (short for Jennifer) and Ursula are both very amicable and welcoming. Highly recommend.

Very clean rooms, well appointed and friendly staff.

Fancy hotel with no microwave

It was the worst experience we had with Marriott. A maintenance guy barged in our room saying something was wrong when I was half dressed. They offered free breakfast to make up for it but I felt violated and instead left as soon as possible. The only highlight is that I went to this place first to check it out before I booked my event here. We’re definitely searching a different venue for 750 people.

A bargain for the price. On the edge of the city but really a nice facility. The staff is very helpful and polite.

Disastrous. Beware of fire ants in your room.

Went for a convention and live locally, so I didn't stay in a room. However, their conference rooms and staff are stellar. My only complaint was they had a very limited selection of not-coffee caffeine. You could get their version of Starbucks coffee or original Rockstar. There is a convenient store within a short walking distance, though.

My go to when I have to stay in Austin area. The team here is amazing. Shout out to Clayton at the Bistro and Mike at the Bar!! Always a step ahead and so nice! Not to mention the front desk staff !!  Thanks for making it home away from home when I'm on the road!!

Great service and great experience every time!

Great service, nice rooms
Conferences suites well equipped

What a great hotel. Everyone was friendly from the front desk to housekeeping. And I wish I would have gotten the ladies name down by the bar when I got my breakfast. What a friendly smile and outstanding customer service. When you walk in the place smells fresh. This place definitely cares about their guests and the experience you have.

Love this location always a pleasure doing balloon installs because it’s easy to load and unload. Beautiful spaces & good parking.

We attended the annual Best of Pflugerville awards ceremony put on by the Pflugerville Chamber of Commerce and our business Happy Home Storage Design won the category for Best Home Services!! It was a stacked category with many amazing businesses we respect. It was a great event, catered with a nice snack spread, drinks and cake to celebrate! Courtyard Austin won their respective field also, congrats!

Good location. Nice hotel. Slow elevators.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

If you need wifi or cell service, this isn’t the spot for you. Also, the room smells like mildew/mold.

I am writing to formally express my deep disappointment regarding a recent stay at the Courtyard Austin Pflugerville and Pflugerville Conference Center. I had reserved two rooms for my 78-year-old father, a proud U.S. Air Force veteran, along with my sister and her husband, expecting a comfortable and dignified experience for them during an important family event. Unfortunately, what we encountered was unacceptable and distressing on several levels.

Here is a summary of the issues experienced:

Room 229: Hair found in the bed.

Room 259: Presence of bugs jumping on the bed and  countertops.

Room 244: Flying insects visible around the light fixtures.

Room 323: No working air conditioning upon arrival, which only began to cool after some time.

Room 234: Used temporarily as a waiting area while your night manager sought alternative accommodations due to the conditions above.

These conditions were unsanitary, uncomfortable, and completely inappropriate for any guest—let alone for a senior veteran and family who had just driven over four hours to participate in a parade in which my father was to be honored as Grand Marshal.

As a result of these issues, my family could not rest properly, spent unexpected hours waiting to be re-accommodated, and were distressed throughout the night. My father's participation and peace of mind were significantly impacted by concerns over cleanliness and safety in his room.

Given the extent of these problems, I am requesting a full refund for both rooms as the stay did not meet even the most basic standards of Marriott quality or hospitality.

Please advise on how to proceed with this refund request. I look forward to your prompt and considerate resolution.

FYI THE LADIES AND THE FRONT DESK WERE PHENOMENAL!!! THEY WENT ABOVE AND BEYOND TO TRY TO ACCOMMODATE THE STAY!!

Positive: cleanliness Negative: water was out for  several hours due to line busting

Rooms are nice, some of them do need some work. Wallpaper, grout cracks, etc. AC gets nice and cold. Wi-Fi is hit or miss.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The Courtyard Austin Pflugerville is a wonderful clean, comfortable hotel away from the busy Austin core. A great place to stay if you are in Austin or just passing through. The hotel was clean. The bar, pool area and fitness center are top notch. The rooms are clean. There are plenty of towels with body wash, shampoo & conditioner available. There are only two things that keep this from being a ten. First, you will have to drive to get anywhere in the Austin area, but that is something they can't control. It is not near anything except a water park, so plan on using your car or car service. Also, you will have to use the toll road, once again not something they can control, but to be noted. Second, there are no fans in the bathrooms, so anything in the bathrooms will get moist and feel wet after a shower.

Just checked in. Haven’t even seen the majority of the hotel. But they are hosting a prom here. Not a big deal. BUT, they have ZERO parking for their HOTEL GUESTS!! The entire parking lot is full. I get it. I’m sure the school pays you a pretty penny for the prom. But you should have spots blocked off for your guests! Or have a valet for today and tomorrow to take their cars to the community center. Once all these kiddos leave at midnight there will be plenty of spots. They literally told me “they leave by midnight. You can move your car closer after that.” How ridiculously out of touch can you possibly be?? They also have no signs. No one directing guests where to park. I wasn’t the only one. Quite a few angry people were in the lobby yelling about it.

I seldom stay at Marriott. Usually Hilton. This type of thing is why. Customer is not treated very well. Would never stay at this hotel again. Likely won’t use Marriott again at all. After a long day of baseball, spending 45 minutes trying to figure out parking at a hotel where I just want to relax…completely unacceptable.

The staff and  the event planning people were very helpful and accommodating.   I highly recommend this facility for your next event.   The  food was excellent.   The whole staff are very customer friendly.   I am so thankful for them.

Quiet. Clean. Great location, away from the city. Staff is excellent.

As a DJ this hall was great! Had a great time DJing and people enjoyed it! Very cool ceiling lighting!

Jenifer at the front desk was so amazing. She went above and beyond. Great service and so friendly.

The entire staff is friendly and accommodating, the restaurant was very clean, professional and quick to check on you, clear your table and bring your order to you. The hotel staff took excellent care of myself and my team during our stay, I highly recommend the Pflugerville location if you are out this way and looking for a hotel during your stay.

Calm and Quiet

Stayed here for a conference. Maricel greeted us at the register and was available throughout my experience staying here; she is wonderful! The food from the cooks, mixed with our farm fresh chicken and eggs were chefs kiss!

Service was great. Location was in a great spot of town. Rooms were clean. Staff very friendly.

I checked into a room at 12 midnight and it was cold and the heater wasn’t heating up. I called the front desk at 1am several times and no answer. I went to sleep thinking the heat will eventually come on and it didn’t so at 6am and 8am I called again and no one answered the phone. It was like 9am before I got someone on the phone and they stated that the phone was off the hook all night. I could have gotten up and went downstairs but I was a long distance away from the from desk so I called. I have yet to hear back from the manager and I have called and left several messages. This was on 11/28 and I spoke to someone on 12/3 and now I’m still waiting for a manager call back as of 12/4. Never again!

Perfect for my family of four - we stayed here for two nights while visiting family for Thanksgiving. It was a great stay all around. Morning coffee downstairs was perfect - really nice open seating area at the bistro, and the bathrooms in the rooms themselves were awesome - specifically standing shower.

Great staff. Clean, modern hotel, nice amenities. Outdoor pool. Gym. Shoutout Jennifer at the front desk - God bless!

Aire acondicionado defectuoso, demasiado ruidoso.

stayed here for one night, this hotel is very nice and comfortable the beds are very luxury sheets, I would like to see the bathroom cleanliness stepped up a tad bit it was basically very clean but could use some more attention by the housekeepers . The front desk employee from yesterday night was extremely respectful and kind and got us extra towels when we needed them.

Amber at the front desk is the best. Sweetest, caring individual. Went above and beyond and made our stay feel like home.  However if you’re looking for a swimming pool,they no longer have one.

Outstanding stay

Positive: The balcony was excellent and good view. The staff was extremely attentive and helpful with professionalism. Negative: The room Needs a full sized mirror for sure. My sliding door wasn’t working properly, but the staff was immediately willing to help me, but declined cause it was no big deal.. Until I had to keep using it.

I always stay Marriott but haven’t stayed at this location. I had the most uncomfortable stay ever! The person who stayed in the room above me sounded like an elephant. Early in the morning, late at night it didn’t matter when. I could not sleep and sleep is what I was hoping for this weekend. I can’t believe a hotel would be made so poorly that you can hear every loud step. Very disappointing.

the sweetest front desk lady ever.
11 out of 10 . above and beyond helpful and kind.

Great hotel. Clean, easy to get into and helpful staff.

Mis-Advertised Hotel.  VERY DATED.  OLD.  SMELLS. No hot water in the morning.  Pipes in the walls make noise so it's hard to sleep.  Management was aware of the issues and did NOTHING to help.  WIFI if terrible.  Works half the time and is slow.   Furniture is beat up.   The parking lots is full at night and felt unsafe.  3 blue light police cameras in the parking lot makes you feel unsafe.

When I initially booked a balcony deluxe king. I arrived around 12pm comin from an event at the moody center, and Ms.Amanda the front desk associate  told
Me “first come first serve on the balcony rooms” from my understanding I booked a balcony room so a balcony room should’ve been reserved till I got here WRONG …so I asked to speak to a manager and Ms. Amanda of 7 years working there said she’s the manager on duty but her name tag read “front desk associate” Ms.Amanda if you gave my room to someone else then say that. Overall Ms.Amanda was rude. She didnt even tell me breakfast hours or WiFi I had to ask myself… Dear corporate I think she needs more customers  training service.

We had a wonderful stay at this location. Amber at the front desk was absolutely fantastic!  She made us feel right at home with her friendly and helpful attitude. We just loved her lilting Irish accent and wish we could have stayed longer. Adrianna greeted us every morning at the cafe with such a friendly smile. I highly recommend this hotel!

Had lunch at their cute little café with a friend. Was not expecting that burger! Marvin and Shelly set me up good. Apparently they were just renovated. They got a moody vibe going. I liked it a lot.

Great customer service from check in to check out.  Thank you

This was probably one of the worst hotels I’ve been to in the last 4 years of traveling with my company. I was immediately off put by the giant mobile police lights in the parking lot. The pictures of the hotel looked nice, I love a Courtyard. The hallways and doors definitely need some love — it looked like someone was trying to break into them because the bottoms of the doors are all chipped away. I opened my door and immediately another red flag. The strike plate was hanging off of the door frame by a prayer. I closed the door and kept looking around. The connecting door was WIDE OPEN and when I tried to close and lock it nothing happened because the door was so far away from the frame that the lock just stuck out and had no where to go. Super super sketch. Went back downstairs and the girl was really nice but they had no more rooms and to be honest, I didn’t want to stay there anymore after that anyway.

Such a great Marriott! Great rooms, location, and the staff were incredibly kind! Big shout out to Jessie for the amazing customer service! Will stay again!

Bitten by bed bugs during my stay in a renovated room.||Hotel staff did nothing to compensate for cleaning my clothes, and travel bag after the stay

Bitten by bed bugs in the hotel.

Management did nothing to cover my costs for cleaning my own clothes after my stay.

No frills, but was clean. Not much around the immediate area.

Adriana at the food court was awesome and Bailey was also great.

Don’t stay here staff is unprofessional and rooms and hallways have water damage smell there’s better hotels in the area. Avoid this one

Exceptional Service at Courtyard by Marriott Austin – The Domain Review:

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Courtyard by Marriott in the Domain area, and I was thoroughly impressed from the moment I walked in. The warm and genuine greeting I received set the tone for an outstanding experience.

Special recognition goes to Fletcher and Jesse, who are truly exceptional representatives of the Marriott brand. Their professionalism, friendliness, and attention to detail made me feel valued as a guest. In a time when great customer service can feel like a lost art, they reminded me how impactful it is when done right.

Any organization would benefit from having team members like Fletcher and Jesse. I highly recommend this property to anyone visiting Austin—you’ll be in great hands!

Decent location as walkable to some restaurants and shopping. Otherwise this place is way overpriced for what it is. Clean and very basic. Tub is very slippery and I was nervous showering in it. First morning I was there I came down at 7am for the breakfast they advertise and no one was working. People who worked overnight are pleasant when I asked for fresh towels, was surprised to see they only switch out towels and take out trash every other day. Best thing I can say is it was quiet and not too far from the airport and my office.

Great rooms, great location. Disappointed by the service: arriving in the afternoon, front desk couldn't figure out for 45 min if my room is ready. House keeping started to check on me 8 am the next morning if I am still in.

My stay at Courtyard The Domain was beyond amazing! From the moment I arrived, the staff made me feel welcome and well taken care of. The room was spotless, modern, and super comfortable. The location couldn’t be better — right in the heart of The Domain, surrounded by great shops, restaurants, and everything you need within walking distance. The atmosphere is relaxing, the service is excellent, and the attention to detail really stands out.
I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a comfortable, convenient, and enjoyable stay in Austin. I’ll definitely be coming back! 💯

Not great at all. The battery died to my door and nobody was able to help me for a long time. I was promised it would be fixed the next day but it was not so I had the same issue the day following when I came back. The place smells pretty dusty and is very dated. I’m not one to write reviews but found my stay to be so underwhelming I had to make a note for others.

Perfect location for business if you need a place closer to Austin. Aubrey was extremely helpful and pleasant! Shout out to Aubrey!

I really enjoyed my stay! Fletcher and Zavon were both fantastic and made the experience memorable. The hotel is perfectly located halfway between downtown and the lake, which made it ideal for our trip.||Fletcher, Zavon, and Rav made me feel incredibly welcomed and were always engaged. Anytime I needed something, they were right there to help. Fletcher clearly runs a great ship—it shows in the way the team works together and how well they care for their guests.

The room unfortunately had a musty odor, was quite noisy, and the bed was not very comfortable. It felt like sleeping on a hammock. I must say, this was not my best experience at a Marriott hotel. I would not recommend staying at this establishment.

I want to edit my review. I experienced some hiccups, but Brett and Carmen got EVERYTHING resolved, and did a great job in making sure it wasn't just a temporary resolution. I truly feel like the service and experience is right back to the 5 star service that originally made me want to stay here every single weekend. Thank you!!

The room is good size and sofa . Receptionist was very helpful and location close to many restaurants and shopping

During our stay the staff members were great specially the Sunday morning manager and front desk 8-17-2025 . Breakfast package was really good. I traveled with my parents and they also say the male manager on Sunday went far and beyond with the customer service. Definitely staying here again when we come to visit our family from Austin.

Great customer service!  Great location!  Great rooms! Gym, This hotel no longer has a pool, but has bar available, Starbucks coffee ect...

Front desk was very friendly and helpful. Great central location, easy to get to, easy to park. Room was clean and quiet. Would definitely stay here again.

Stayed here in July 2025. The location is perfect if calling in or around the businesses in the Doman area. Easy to get to and out. It is a Courtyard and as such the brand the decor is where it should be. I found this property to be well managed and maintained. The room was perfect. Everything worked. The style of this decoration was newer compared to the other properties so definitely updated. I would stay her again. I did not have any issues during this stay. Parking is readily available, but I can see it being crowded during peak times. Not many dining places within reason and you'd need your car to get to the ones in the area. A few minutes away plenty of eating choices.

The 4th floor does not get WIFI or internet (perhaps also the same for the 3rd floor). You literally have to either switch rooms to a lower floor and/or take your device to the 1st floor, connect there, and then go back to your room. And even then, internet is sketchy. The TVs are not smart TVs (cable only... big surprise there) and the mounting on the wall in our room was so poorly installed that you couldn't even rotate the TV to be seen easily from the bed. Also, our room was never cleaned on a multi-night stay despite us being away from the room, giving plenty of time for housekeeping to do their thing. And to top it off, we had a delay in accessing our room because the battery in the electronic door lock was dead. Staff is disinterested and not especially friendly until something goes wrong and then they’re like “oops” with a smile. Apparently these maintenance and WIFI issues are common here. One front desk person said these issues have been present for as long as they had worked there (for over a year). This property is very poorly managed and I’m sure does not comply with Marriott brand standards. Avoid this place and avoid the headache!

This is an absolute joke of a hotel. Avoid at all costs! There are PLENTY of other hotels in the area.

The 4th floor does not get WIFI or internet (perhaps also the same for the 3rd floor). You literally have to either switch rooms to a lower floor and/or take your device to the 1st floor, connect there, and then go back to your room. And even then, internet is sketchy. The TVs are not smart TVs (cable only... big surprise there) and the mounting on the wall in our room was so poorly installed that you couldn't even rotate the TV to be seen easily from the bed. Also, our room was never cleaned on a multi-night stay despite us being away from the room, giving plenty of time for housekeeping to do their thing. And to top it off, we had a delay in accessing our room because the battery in the electronic door lock was dead. Staff is disinterested and not especially friendly until something goes wrong and then they’re like “oops” with a smile. Apparently these maintenance and WIFI issues are common here. One front desk person said these issues have been present for as long as they had worked there (for over a year). This property is very poorly managed and I’m sure does not comply with Marriott brand standards. Avoid this place and avoid the headache!

Great for what it is. Spacious clean well appointed rooms with great shower water pressure. Everything I wanted as a business traveler.

A good room (sorta) and location to get to the Domain
This double queen room is fairly roomy and comes with a nice pseudo leather lounger with ottoman.  The fridge and microwave are in a trapezoidal storage unit at the back window above the AC.  Bathroom is ok and the shower head has decent pressure (yeah) with selectable streams.  That's where some things detract from the room.
The AC is an old style floor unit with no wall control.  It did a poor job of getting the humidity outta the room hence the moldy smell and it turns out it wasnt properly draining water to the outside but....onto the carpet next to it under the window. In fact, the whole hotel had that off humid moldy smell in the hallways.

Plugs are adequate but figuring out the contemporary lamp and why the plug cluster was not in the desk but behind the TV was odd.  Nice 65" TV with decent channel selection....probably one of the more modern ones I've seen in this class of hotel.

Finally the beds - soft and somewhat lumpy.  Pillows were great but the mattress seemed a bit dated.

Didn't use the gym facility nor eat at the cafe.  Considering, however, the cafe had no one manning the counter (this is 8:30 AM) when I waited to order a coffee.  This despite the cafe manager sitting around chatting with someone and  clearly seeing me standing at the counter...waiting...meh.

Overall - a 2.5-3 at best but there are probably better options despite the close proximity to the Domain.

Nice, clean rooms with HUGE tv in the room. Attentive front desk staff and pleasant lobby with food service. Six minutes (by car) from the Domain. Concerned that there might be a car break in issue because there were mobile police surveillance towers operating in the parking lot.

Outside of the attentiveness of the manager, there was nothing redeeming about this property. The bistro (for which Courtyards are famous) was mediocre and the comped breakfast sandwich was awful. The hotel proper is in poor condition - a single elevator, no central stair, the rooms are in marginal condition and the fitness center is rough. Additionally, while in the “Domain area,” this ain’t the Domain - you’re well over a mile away from the south end of the Domain area, with its walkable dining and shopping. There are other properties better located (unfortunately not available on this visit for me) like the Element. ||Skip this one.

Excellent customer service and delicious food with quite and clean rooms.

I really appreciated Amanda's help tonight! I was having an issue with my Lyft driver, so I had them drop me off at the Courtyard to end my ride early (so that I could get a new driver). Amanda was very understanding and made sure I was safe and able to hang in the lobby until I found a new ride home. So thankful for her support and kindness!

Very kind & nice service !

Old, not great

Front desk girl looked and bothered to check us in. Did not greet us and was very short.
I usually ask for additional pillows but did not this time because of staff behavior.

Our visit, is to relax and enjoy the extended weekend so did not want to confront the staff member with behavior.

Other than the horrid staff behavior checking us in, the hotel itself is clean and relaxing

Worst experience ever checked in and was given the wrong room. When asked about the room front desk blamed expedia. And said they cant refund. And insist i was given correct room. When pictures do not match.

The front desk guy was really rude when I checked in. But room was clean. Overpriced for sure

Was charged an extra $40 on my card, called to inquire and the man at the front desk told me “I have other things to do and you can call back when I’m not busy” which caught me off guard so I said well ok then, he then proceeded to to give me a little lecture on it’s harder to pull up my info by name so call back with my check in info ready and on hand then hung up”

Older hotel that has been remodeled.

So I walked in to get  my room and then I realized I picked the wrong dates but as luck would have it Nia was working or should I say a superhero. She hit me with a magical smile and told me I was not a screw and then walked me through the process to get a new room. Luckily they had one left. I made new reservations she took notes for me and took care of everything. Thanks so much Nia for the great service.

Called back and talked to the manager Victoria and she was great as well. Thanks for the amazing leadership and service. Happy New Year!

Used the conference room for off-site business meeting. Great area with good amenities. Hotel appeared clean in the lobby.

Toda la noche se escuchan pasos, no pudimos descansar. El aire hace un ruido muy fuerte al prenderse y apagarse. Y el colchón se hunde.

I really enjoyed my stay here, Cindy at the front desk was more than helpful, she was welcoming and very friendly. Her warm attitude really set the tone for my visit. I truly appreciate her exceptional service and would definitely return because of the great experience she helped create. Adriana in food service was amazing, she recommended the breakfast burrito and it did not disappoint. I really appreciate Victoria for being so helpful as well.

Location was good- didn’t get the room I reserved but they honored the price. Had to be moved rooms first ac wasn’t working and all night the new room was damp feeling

Some remodeling has been completed, but it needs to continue. The elevator is horrible enough to keep me from coming back. Let me know when it's done, the location is great!

My wife recently stayed at the courtyard for a class trip. While business casual is a very broad range of outfits, the professor made a huge stink about her not having a blazer, specifically. The sales manager overheard the exchange, and later that night when my wife returned from day one of the class activities, the staff had gone out on their own time to get her a blazer. This level of care and consideration is just amazing, and if ever in Austin again, we will be staying with them. As a military member we have to travel around a lot, and it is always nice to find those places that go the extra mile for their clients.

There was a very large cockroach in my room and after calling the front desk they did not apologize and just moved me to a different room. The room they moved me into is a handicap room and is dirty but because it is already after midnight do not want to continue moving rooms all night. Not recommended to stay here!

Needs renovation
Rooms smell of mold and ac does not cool room.

Staying here for work. This hotel stinks!!! It smells like mildew! I am so uncomfortable here it is just so pungent and horrid. It's almost feels like a permanently humid environment from the lobby up to the 3rd floor. I am disgusted!!!

First the good - staff is pleasant and helpful. Room is large and was clean.  Bathroom was also large. Hotel was conveniently located for our activities in Austin.  BUT, I honestly almost checked out the first night and went somewhere else.  The room smelled like it had the carpet shampooed and then the door shut tight for days.  Musty, damp, perfumy.  It was nauseating.  Finally about 2 or 3 am the smell lessened.  The bed was very saggy and needs replaced.  The policy to only clean room every other day is fine, but it would be helpful to have enough coffee/cups for 2 days.

We have an office in Austin close to the Domain area and we have been using this hotel. I have stayed often and last week I had a two night stay. The hotel overall is dated and needs work ,however, if it is clean you can overlook some of that . This week no service, no show for the room to clean and no response from management. The front desk people are very nice and always welcoming so it is a-shame that simple operations for cleaning cannot be tended to… I will be staying at another hotel in that location in the future.

I really enjoyed the interior design of the room. The staff was very pleasant and the place was very clean. They were also very helpful and responsive when I asked for them to email me a receipt days after my stay. Thank you!

Standard courtyard with normal stuff. Staff was slow but got the jobs done.

This place... Stinks. It smells like old cigarettes, that they tried to cover up with air freshener unsuccessfully.

Our bedding was damp.

The bathroom door in our room sticks so bad I almost couldn't open it.

The mattress in our room is worn out, and needs replacement.

The staff is great, and the location too.

That being said, I stay at courtyards all the time, and have probably stayed at one in every major city in the country. This is by far the worst Marriott property I've ever booked.

Very Nice!!!

The staff is top notch. Friendly, helpful,  a joy to be around.  The location is also terrific and very safe.  The hotel is renovated,  but they didn't do a great job.  Rooms are just so so.

Clean rooms, friendly staff. The AC unit was a bit noisy. Great location.

Suffice it to say this was not a place I'd stay.  Smells, room is minimal, paper thin walls, noisy, and no mini kitchen in room. Moved out asap to another hotel.

Mi queja es que me cobraron $30 extra de que? No lo se, cuando en el recibo dice una cantidad y en el estado de mi cuenta dice otra cantidad.

The best thing about the place is the staff; they have gone above and beyond with assistance, followed by the location.
Everything else is downhill from here. The hotel is apparently newly renovated, and they should have spent money on essential things. The rooms have a weird smell, the balcony doors don't have handles and don't lock, and there are puddles of water with rust, making them unusable. The electrical sockets are dated, with one side table unaccessible. The carpet seems to have been there for a very long time, too.
You can skip this, as there are more than a handful of options within a half-mile radius.

As soon as I walked in I was welcomed by Cindy super professional and welcoming!

The bartender is AWESOME. He makes it worth every work trip! Other than that, hotel is good, I have never had a problem with cleanliness or service. But Anthony brings it to top tier hotel!

Dated hotel, but Nice TV and good location.

Very ordinary hotel, safe, clean but not fancy.  If you are looking for an inexpensive hotel at a convenient location, this would be a choice. There is no pool any more.

Very nice people. Clean rooms. Breakfast is very good though not included. No drinking water in room though it can be purchased in reception at a premium price.

This hotel was honestly horrible .. booked a room then was told it wasn’t available. Apparently “the rooms are first come first served” but booked means booked so I’m not sure how that works.. if you are booking for the balcony then forget about it because you will not get one. The rooms smell like sewer, the tv did not work and the beds are extremely uncomfortable. The lady at the front desk was nice but that’s about it. Would not recommend.

Carpet significantly wet from A/C. Will need to change your socks. RM 326

Really needs to update their website. Was told there were tennis courts there and a pool. Both were not on the property, was told that they got rid of them a few years ago.

Last that we checked in with was so helpful and nice with perfect service. Overnight lady was very short and rude.

I really wanted to like this hotel more than i actually did. It seems to be newly renovated which was nice. Parking is very compact and full, if you are planning on going anywhere late; take an uber or taxi or else you’ll have trouble finding a spot. People would park in between two spots and over the line because of how compact the spaces are. I personally had to park on the opposite side of the hotel (on the neighboring hotel parking lot)

The bed was very comfortable. The lack of a fan in the restroom would make our room feel very humid, having the A/C on constantly was a must. Late check out (12:00pm) is nice but the walls are very thin that I could hear vacuuming in the halls pretty early. Staff were very nice and friendly. Although I was told there would be a $20 hold in case of anything but it’s actually a $40 hold, it’s not a problem, just putting it out there. Overall it was a good room for the price i got it due to using my marriott points.

Friendly staff, nice quiet stay. Very nice hotel.  However room 406 had a wet/moldy smell.

It was a great hotel to stay at.
There was a mold wet smell when we first arrived  but everything was clean.

Anthony at the bar was the most amazing bartender we have ever had in our lives!  Courteous, attentive, proactive and customer service focused! We had our reunion girls trip for the first time in 5 years, Anthony made this trip extra special for us.  Thank you so much for being awesome and reminding us of why we are part of the Marriott Bonvoy family ❤️

Aubrey at check-in was great!

Outstanding Service and Hospitality at Marriott Austin The Domain Area
for Our ecomaids Workshop

We recently held our ecomaids corporate event at [Hotel Name], and the experience was nothing short of exceptional. Robert and his team were phenomenal, providing attentive and personalized service throughout our stay. They truly went above and beyond to accommodate our needs and ensure everything was perfectly aligned with our expectations.

A special shout out to Anthony, the bartender, who was outstanding. He was not only professional and friendly but also made sure our owners and staff were well cared for, adding a personal touch that was much appreciated.

I loved this location and this hotel was newer and clean!

My room smelled like mildew. I found out this was because my A/C was leaking water into my room and the carpet was staying wet. Also my door died and could not be opened. Front desk helped as much as they could but my room was inaccessible.

Rooms and facilities are a little dated. The Bistro had excellent food and drinks.

Very very nice!!

Great location, Bar, and Breakfast included

Friendly staff. Clean. Recently renovated.

Traveler warning:  Your reservation means nothing.  I booked a room at the Courtyard by Marriott Austin The Domain Area 3 weeks in advanced.  My flight landed late and arrived at hotel around 11 p.m.  The front desk person said I'm sorry, but we're fully booked and don't have a room for you even though I had a reservation.  They said Marriott overbooks and unfortunately nothing they can do.  I had to use the Residence Inn which was behind the Courtyard which is worn down and gross.  They even charged me the same rate which is absurd as its not the same class of hotel.  I tried to call corporate Marriott customer service and they also couldn't help.  Maybe this happened as I arrived late that evening but not fun to look for a hotel around midnight so think about especially if you're arrival is late.

I was locked out of our hotel room in the late evening. The key card did not work, and the hotel employee said maintenance would not be in until the morning to come and fix it. He did not offer to give me another room, so I sat in the lobby all night. I forgot to mention that the hotel employee was asleep when I went to tell him about my card. We were staying one night because our baby was in the NICU at the hospital nearby, so we were hoping to get a little rest before heading back to the NICU in the morning. We loved the hotel rooms, but this was a really unfortunate situation that could have been remedied.

They have renovated the hotel. It looks great!  The room set up was great. I loved the moveable desks and the large TV.  I was able to get a lot of work done. Staff was very friendly.  I was visiting a company in the Domain area. It was very a very convenient location.

My stay here was GREAT! The staff was friendly and welcoming, from the front desk staff to the housekeepers. The room was very clean. I will definitely be staying at this location again when I return to Austin, as well as highly recommend this location to family and friends.

This location was in a great area! The hotel was close to restaurants, night life, and shopping centers!

The front desk staff member Amanda was so nice and kind! She was professional and courtesy. Aubrey was also very kind. She checked me in and was very informative.

They made my stay here very easy and enjoyable. Thank you to everyone at this Courtyard by Marriott location

Hotel is good and clean. Staff is courteous.
Would recommend to manage your breakfast. They do not have typical breakfast arrangements what we usually see in such places. The menu is limited and you will be provided with a coupon if breakfast included in your package.

Was pretty disappointed... the construction through me off and was afraid the hotel was closed.
The bar bistro wasn't open at all.. no morning breakfast or any coffee at anytime.. I'm sure there are better places to stay.. I won't be back.

We were delighted with front desk, our room and the peace and quiet.
Comfy bed and clean, safe environment.
Construction is still ongoing but that never affected our stay.
We’ll utilize this property again

This hotel is currently under construction , therefore , I understand why they would receive an average rating. The room is clean and my floor has been renovated in the hallway.  The only thing that I would highlight is why not renovate the showers from a bath tub to a walk in shower . I am disappointed, since all of the other courtyard Marriott’s have done the improvement.  The service and staff are good, just be aware of the renovation.

Overall good, decor is a little outdated. The location is perfect, right by the office. Staff is always very nice and help with what you need. Currently under renovations and look forward to see what this brings.

Hotel under construction
Lots of dust, no gym, etc
Loud AC

Don’t stay here. I’m loyal to Marriott and this hotel is a disappointment. Like many other reviewers, my room did not cool down. I wasn’t able to move rooms because they were full. They said they’d look for a fan but never followed up. As I was loading my car in the morning housekeeping was already in the room well before check out time. Save the headache, there are plenty of hotels in the area that have better reviews at the same price point.

the hotel is very clean the service is not so friendly but the hotel is good and in a great location

So when I first drove up I was a little confused as were to go because they are under renovation, I get it. Hotel stay was nice and a good get away. Location is close to The Domain and other spots. Only grip I have is the lady at the front desk before I left was rude. When I walk up she is on her phone with an air pod in the ear facings me as I walk up and I had to say something to get her attention. I said I’m here for check out, give her my keys and ask is that it and her response was YEAH.  So I walked away and said thank you for your service (of course I was being sarcastic). Like idk about this generation but they are washed/trash/ annoying. Anyway other than that I had a relaxing stay.

False advertising, when booking there was no mention of the Courtyard Austin in the Domain was under construction. I took my workout gear so I can use the gym, well that didn’t happen cause it was under construction.
On the 2nd day at 9:30pm I had to call the front desk cause the workers were drilling. The room was humid and that’s because the unit was at 63, but as you can see were the unit was located. The sliding door did not lock, I just assumed it was locked and didn’t check it until the night before I checked out(yes totally my fault). No complimentary breakfast (specially for the location) but I got to say the lady at the Starbucks was extremely friendly. Let’s not forget the mini fridge it froze my fruit and other snacks. Did I forget to mention the ants. Wow what a disappointment. I’ve been to other Courtyards and have never experienced such disappointment.

Hotel is under construction, other than that everything great. We stayed on the newly renovated 4th floor, the room and bathroom were nice and clean. The room was cool when we arrived in the heat of the day. The location of the hotel was great and not too far from main attractions. The service was also commendable.

Never again horrible experience rooms were hot staff not very helpful booked king with fold out had to move room ac not working got charged same price for king no fold out staff was rude when we brought ac not working to her attention

I stayed here for free and I still want my money back.

Hotel is over priced not worth the money especially there renovation !!!no parking !!no breakfast !!!and no pool !!! Definitely won’t be coming back here any time soon!!! And the tv are out dated what I mean by that there not smart and the rooms have a mold smell !!! Oh and asked for extra blanket and they gave me a sheet that’s all they had like ok!!!

Good service. The hotel was under construction, which was not shared upon booking. Our room smelled like mold, even with Lysol and air freshener. Location was good, within walking distance of a few stores, restaurants, and movie theater. Would only recommend if the mold issue is fixed and construction is completed.

Do not stay at this Marriott until construction is done. Extremely loud in the morning.

The rooms were incredibly humid. I felt sticky the whole time I was in my room, which made for an awful sleep. Everything else about the hotel was good, but being able to sleep is really the only thing I want from a hotel, so it was not fun. Would not stay here again.

I always stay at a Marriott and love them. However, this place should be shut down until it is updated and has maintenance. First room we were put in had no running water. Then we were moved to another room that has a poorly working a/c. The rooms smell like mold from the water damage in the bathrooms and by the a/c units in the rooms. We had other people staying there complain their a/c was not working and they gave them a box fan because they could not switch them to another room. No one could pay me to stay at this hotel again.

Speechless. The service at the Bistro was wonderful. The apologies at the front desk seemed sincere, but they didn't fix anything. Construction was needed. Sticky and old decor. Weight room has 20lb and 35lb? (something ridiculous, 1 bench, treadmills) Water was out from 9am to 2pm. Couldn't shower, flush the toilet, wash my face, and no prior warning. Came back from a gym I had to pay for and couldn't shower. They said it would be back on at noon. Nope. Sat on their patio and Construction ran cords over me. I think they need to shut down and do whatever needs to be done until they're operational.

The service is nice but the bed is old and uncomfortable you can feel the spring in your back. People were kind.

Whenever I go to Austin, I'll stay here

I would not recommend this hotel. Needs complete overhaul. Rooms and hallways are dark, dingy and musty. Stained carpets and clearly poor ventilation given the smell and dampness in the rooms. First room had hair in bathtub and smelled musty. Second room had hair in bathtub and the air conditioner was extremely loud. Third room finally hair-free but smelled musty and my clothes and the bedding have been damp all week. I will not stay here again. Only positive was that evening bartender was extremely nice and food was good. The morning gal was extremely nice as well at the Bistro too. Breeding ground for mold and mildew for sure. Construction going on outside roof over the entrance but needs overhaul just as much if not more on the inside! Poor lighting at night in parking lot, not enough parking and door to temporary entrance was never locked and slams shut so hard and loud. Given the $200-ish per night price tag, definitely resembled more of an inexpensive motel vs a Courtyard by Marriott hotel.

It's okay. Bed was lumpy. They're going through renovations.

Hotel is undergoing renovations. Room and bathroom are very clean with no signs of wear or mold as some have previously reported. Only issue is the AC. I had the AC set to 70 degrees and the coolest the room got overnight was 74. Was only here two nights so didn’t fret but will report it to the desk at check out. For the price and location, this is a good find. Hopefully during the renovations they move the ACs, as they are currently blowing all air upward to a cabinet, which is likely what causes the room to not be as cold.

Its a great hotel with nice and comfortable beds. The kids enjoyed the stayed especially because of the pool. Place is clean and well maintained. Recommended it!

Pretty good location. Got to walk around without much issue. Mostly city walking but there’s plenty of sidewalk around so no need to off road at any point. Lot of stores and restaurants nearby so you can walk to those too without dealing with parking and traffic. Rooms were what you’d expect and as I didn’t need to ask the staff for anything it seems like they’d be helpful if needed. They did say hello and were friendly when I did see them.

Mold, bugs - desperately in need of a full renovation. I had to move hotels. I would not recommend. The staff was helpful, but they can’t fix the problems Marriott needs to address here with building and room quality.

We booked a room with a sofa bed besides a king bed. This was managed badly to where when we arrived we only got a room with a king bed with no rollaway or sofa. They apparently had no other rooms. Another family could not either and the front staff were nice about trying to find another place for them. And i booked through Marriot website so it should have been held. Pretty poor.

Stayed one night, great location. Rooms needed updating a bit, but clean and comfy.

Unsafe & Unsanitary! I don't usually complain about things, but this was really disappointing. The hotel had obvious water damage that had not been properly dealt with. The ceilings and walls were saggy and peeling in the room, the hallways, and shared spaces. Several areas were rusted and covered in black mold! The room smelled like mold and mildew. The bathroom was especially bad. There was a strong mold smell and you could see it on the walls and ceilings. The showered barely hung on and the handle was really loose and would fall from hot to cold. The lights flickered before turning on and all of the lampshades were missing. There were long hairs in the bedsheets and the main king mattress felt like a spring hide a bed. There was no bedding for the pull out mattress for our kid. The pool smelled like sulfur and mildew and the chemicals were off. We all had red patches/rashes after swimming. The key entry broke on the door and instead of fixing it they took our room keys and said someone would come fix it later. The maintenance person was our wakeup call. This hotel was nothing like the pictures do not waste your time or money

December 16, 2022 - I had a horrible experience, and I shared it with Hunter Callahan. Hunter did nothing to rectify the situation. This happened to be a night when Austin was actually freezing.  Well, my room had a janky heater. The room never warmed up. Next, the television remote control was not working properly. I literally had to position the remote to the far left of the tv in order for it to work. Also, the stations would not turn down, only up. Lastly, we did not receive any wash cloths, the room was stocked with large towels and hand towels only. The main issue was the heater though - we were so cold, and our room had a balcony so that huge glass wasn't helping the situation either. I'm disappointed they did not move us to another room. We planned to sleep in the following morning but ended up checking out early since the room was so cold.

Very old, carpet stained and torn, the bed had grooves in the mattress from wear, lighting was very dim, extremely noisy when walking on the floor. I would not stay again.

We booked this hotel seeing that it had an indoor pool and we are in the colder months of the year we were under the impression an indoor pool would be heated unfortunately it’s not. Our room was clean and it was a decent hotel room I went downstairs at night and asked the front desk what time breakfast was served and she said 7-10am so that morning I went down to get breakfast and couldn’t figure out where it was so I went to ask the person at the front desk and there was nobody there my wife and I and others waited two hours before somebody finally came to the front desk! Then they finally showed us where to get breakfast and put out some more breakfast items so we could eat next time I go to Austin I won’t be staying here.

This is a nice hotel even though you can tell it is a little dated. The room was clean but the drawer to the dresser wouldn't stay closed and the bathroom towel rod was loose on the wall. I was able to hear people on the floor above walking around, other than that there were no issues with noise. The staff were friendly and check in/out was a breeze.  I would stay here again.

A bed. It was there.
The guys at the front desk are genuinely friendly, so that's cool!

BEWARE!!! Bed bugs!! My son and I woke up with bed bug bites. After investigating I found a shed told front desk the gentleman told me to call the manager. I did he told me he would look onto it and call me back with the findings. We'll he never did and I doubt he did anything about it. I was in room 317.

This is a horrible place, my car’s license plates were stolen at the parking lot! This is frustrating while you encounter this problem while traveling! The worst is the hotel even do not have security cameras set up at the parking lot, the staff said they can’t help with anything. If you don’t want to get in to same problem don’t try this place! Just horrible!

It's not a 5-star hotel but it's a great courtyard. Staff was nice.  The little bistro was good for hot snacks. It's close to a good variety of restaurants.

Mold all over the walls & ceiling of our bathroom. I honestly can’t believe they let guests stay in that room. (304).
Unfortunately they were at capacity and couldn’t move us to another room which is understandable; however, they were also unwilling to give us a discounted rate on the moldy room.
The reason I am giving a 2 star review, is because of the front desk attendant that was as accommodating as she possibly could be. She even offered to come spray bleach on the walls. Very sweet woman, but will definitely not be returning.

It was our first time to stay here. The hotel staff was friendly,very clean.

Esta horrible este hotel el pasillo apesta..el cuarto es húmedo las sábanas húmedas lo peor
No pagues x una mala experiencia
No vale la pena.
Y para acabarla de xhingar el elevador no sirve ...y tengo k subir al 3er piso.

Absolutely disgusting! I stayed here for work and had no control over moving to a different hotel. I found it so hard to get comfortable here. Mold everywhere, outdated & smelly. Please shut this place down.

Very old, dated. Grab and go breakfast is lackluster.

This location is a cookie cutter Courtyard , building and rooms are old and tired! Courtyard bistros all have a limited menu but this location had even less options available. They were out of bottled water and the bar was even out of club soda! My room was not cleaned properly, I found a used wash cloth in the tub!!!! I did not even stomach taking a shower in the morning! The extra star us for the bartender and the front desk staff which they were fantastic!

This hotel is horrible. I should have paid more attention to the reviews but Expedia gave it a decent rating. Our first room was disgusting. The ceiling had water leaks, the bathroom and tub was dirty, there was stains on the curtains. We requested a different room, better, but still nasty. Do not stay here

This place has a TON of great drink options! I had the nitro Cold brew and it was very very good. They also have a nice upstairs area to relax or study!

I was hoping that having "Domain Area" in the hotel name meant that it was within walking distance of The Domain (nope, other side of the highway) and I had reserved a king bed (but they didn't retain a king for my reservation). The beds here are saggy and overdue for replacement and my initial room had a toilet that wouldn't stop running.  The service here is very friendly and they were very accommodating and that bumps up my overall review score.

Our bathroom was awful. The door handle was broken and I got locked inside and my husband had to use a tool to get me out. The bathtub/shower enclosure was disgusting. It was full of mold, rust and had no stopper. The worst thing was that I was taking a shower and cold water started pouring from the light fixture above me. I’m pretty sure it was coming from the people above us that were also showering

By far the worst Marriott Courtyard hotel I stayed at. I'm a lifetime Marriott Bonvoy Elite Member and have stayed over 500 nights at various Marriott properties and this hotel makes me wonder if this is even a Marriott property. Will give ZERO rating if I could.
- Squeaky hard faucets
- water leaking in tub
- Moldy smell in the room
- Sticky carpet. Needs a thorough shampooing
- Poor aesthetics. Looks like this hotel hasn't been renovated since the birth of Jesus Christ.

Only Good thing is the beds and linen are clean

This was by far one of the worst hotel experiences I’ve ever had. The hotel looks updated in pictures and yes a few things are, however the property is in terrible shape. The carpet in the rooms is disgusting I didn’t feel safe walking on it without shoes or socks. The tub is old and stained. I just killed a cockroach that was crawling on my leg (I have pictures to show the front desk in the morning)and currently am lying in bed with bugs flying around me. The room is always damp feeling and never really cooled off. The location is easy access to the interstate but that’s about it

Outdated, in need of renovation, I can't believe Marriott actually keeps this property in this state.
From missing lamp shades to stains on the carpets and that unmistakable smell of "wet dog" in the hallway. At least the lady behind the counter was really nice!
Probably the last time I stay here.

Terrible hotel and too close to the freeway

A pretty good motel with a friendly staff.

Staff is super friendly and helpful. The real problem however was just over upkeep of the hotel.
- strong chlorine smell almost the point of feeling a chemical burn
- the front area is nice and semi modern and so are the rooms however almost instantly my allergies were triggered and have been non-stop with my only reprieve being to sit outside for a while.
- my ac unit sounds like a construction site.

Luckily we’re only here for one night, if it was any longer than that I would have to find somewhere else to stay.

My suggestions
- close down the pool, an indoor pool is just a breeding ground for any and everything
- give the carpet throughout the hotel a GOOD shampooing, it’ll do wonders
- make sure ac units are running smoothly and quietly
- clean rust from around bathroom fixtures etc.

Clean good location

Everything great will be here for a week

clean, decent, great weekend stay.

Breakfast was not great they ran out of stuff quickly and out truck got broken into

k appreviate GGhd help , but hate Tabitha

Yes!

Clean and staff friendly

This place is my fave hotel in Austin for when I go to Austin FC matches. It is close to the Domain, bus and rail, Whole Paycheck. Just a short Lyft ride to anywhere. The money I save I can ise for Crown:) Best part of the place is the indoor pool and also it is super quiet. Not many rowdy partiers like Domain and Downtown. Ask nicely and Eva will make you a great espresso as her side hustle.

There was a time when I would only stay at this property when in Austin.  I'm not sure exactly when problems began, but the quality of the property has been severely diminished over the years.

Many maintenance issues existed in our room (202) during the latest stay. The wall heating unit was not working properly.  We were awakened every time it came on from noises which sounded like the compressor had thrown a bearing.  Finally had to turn it off to get a wink - this on a night when the temperature was in the 30's.

The bathtub was old, and had drainage problems. The shower head could not be adjusted.  Lights didn't work.  The iron was old, and leaked dirty water on my shirt. There was a missing closet door handle - minor, but still showing a lack of attention.

The room overall was clean - we can give high marks to the housekeeping staff.

The day crew at the desk were also good, but couldn't accommodate requests for small things as they didn't have access to certain amenities like replacement pillows and toiletries. Not a huge deal, and they were extremely nice. But lack of ability to address guest requests was inconvenient and not what we have encountered at this property previously.

The last straw was having to call the desk to report a long, loud and very abusive fight between several people in the hallway, primarily one couple in the hall literally right outside our door at 11:30P.M.

To his credit, the night manager came up and spoke to one of the warring parties, a female, and asked them if there had been a fight. The woman flat denied it, although she'd been yelling and cursing just prior to his arrival. She tried to make nice with the manager. Again, right outside our door.

The unforgivable part was him then knocking on our door, in front of the  guests involved in the on-going loud altercation, where I then had to be confronted with calling this woman out as a liar.

As the reporting guests, this placed us in a totally untenable situation, security- wise. If we'd wished to confront the combatants, we would have. Involvement of management was the proper thing on our part. His bringing us into the matter was completely unacceptable.

In total, the overall condition of the property was bearable.  The choice by the manager to directly involve us in a situation that might have escalated was completely unforgivable.

The situation continued after the manager left, until well after midnight, but we felt as if we could not call the manager again based on what happened earlier.

We will not stay at this property again.

This is far from what we expect from any Marriott property, and we have stayed at many across the country and around the world.  Totally dissatisfied.

I paid to have breakfast included in my stay. Upon arrival, I was told breakfast was only available on the weekends. They did not adjust my nightly rate. The worst experience I’ve ever had at any Marriott location.

Here for business . Had to book a few rooms for other associates. I’m familiar with booking through business accounts due to my job pretty much requiring me to live out of hotels. I had to submit credit card authorizations 4 times! so that my associates could check into their rooms without me needing to be there. When one of them arrived, they still were not able to check in until I came there due to the hotel not having a card on file. Once I checked in I informed them that my card is paying for room and tax of BOTH rooms, they ran my card however after checking out my we noticed one rooms cost was charged on their personal cards. This hotel does not organize business needs well.

I don’t think this place has ever had a renovation. The rooms are outdated with old mattresses.  There is dingy yellow lighting throughout and just doesn’t live up to the Marriott name.  Shortened my stay to only one night and am moving to the Westin. One word summary - YUCK!

It was far below what I am used to for standards of a Marriott property.  Bathrooms leave a lot to be desired - look pretty grungy in the shower, toilet had to be jiggled to stop filling every time it was flushed, shower water temp got to tepid at best no matter what I tried, no lotion provided (only shampoo and conditioner).  Bed and pillows were decently comfortable but the bathrooms need an overhaul badly.  Entire facility could use an overhaul - a bit dated and grungy.

If I could leave 0 stars I would. I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights back in October for a professional work trip. Upon returning home, I was reviewing receipts for expense reports and found a room service charge. I immediately called and informed them I did not order room service during my stay and asked for a refund. I was told by the front desk that they could not refund it until the manager had a chance to look through the room service book to verify that I did not order room service and that they would call me back. A week passes and still no call back, so I call again and am again informed that the manager has not yet had a chance to review the books. I wait ANOTHER week and a half and still nothing! So I call for the third time and speak to someone else who informs me that the charge was already refunded back to my account. He forwarded me the receipt that "claimed" the charge was refunded, but it did not appear as a refund on the receipt, and still appeared as a charge. He reassured me that the receipts are just wonky and that it did indicate a refund. Well, I checked with my business office and there still is no refund. I emailed the person who I last spoke to and have been completely ghosted. The amount of trouble I have had to go through for a $13 charge (that was their own error) has been nothing short of incredible! I use a company card and am going to have to take my loss and pay my company out of pocket. Absolutely ridiculous, this should have been resolved the moment I called two months ago.

Stayed four nights here for work.  It is an older property though some aspects of the room have been updated somewhat recently.  It was a bit cheaper than other Marriott properties in the area.

I didn’t use it but they do have a indoor pool which I have found to be somewhat rare in TX, as most are outdoors.

Location is about a 5 min walk to Whole Foods and some other retail.

the place was overpriced and hard to access and no breakfast was included which make it way more doesn't worth the money wont do it again !

0/10. Hot building. Smells terrible. Hobos walking around looking in peoples cars. At least there’s a Starbucks downstairs.

Wish I read the reviews before I checked in.

Women at front desk was nice but she booked me on -4th floor but button wasn’t working on elevator to 4th floor only way I got to 4th floor was someone on the floor called the elevator.
-got to my room on 4 th floor finally and towels lying on bathroom floor.
-moved to another room on 4th floor and air conditioner wasn’t working.
-moved to third room this tome on third floor and finally no towels on floor and working air conditioner.
Unfortunately looks like it’s common place with this hotel I won’t be back and I’m in Austin every 6 weeks or so.

Is it the grossest place I ever stayed in? No
Does it live up to the expectation  I have for a Marriott? Also No

I stayed here for 2 weeks so I experienced the full depth of this place. The room itself was pretty clean as far as the bed and other things were concerned. The toilet had a busted seat but that's probably because no one ever reported it, I didn't either. I don't know how the cleaning lady didn't see it but that's besides the point. There was a bit of mold on the ceiling of the bathroom and the paint was starting to chip. The bed was clean, no bed bugs that I could see. The hallway however was gross, like please consider shampooing the carpet, its beyond stained. The front desk and all employees I interacted with were friendly and willing to help. The free weekend breakfast is lacking especially on Sunday which seems to be whatever leftovers are available from Saturday. Unless you're rich, don't buy anything from the dining area, a plain black coffee was about 5 bucks and it was just ok at best. The location is fairly ideal, you're in the domain and close to pretty much everything you would need or want. Overall, not the best but not the worst, if they invested even a little bit of time and resources they could really turn it around.

The worst hotel experience I've ever had. Our room had a broken AC which was not fixed during our entire stay, despite numerous maintenance requests. Then we had a huge water/piss/mold leak come through our bathroom ceiling, leaving a huge hole and the bathroom unusable for 24 hours. The solution to the moldy hole? A bucket and then later a quick cover-up patch. The level of neglect here is ridiculous, even when it is a matter of health concerns. Absolutely disgusting, I wouldn't recommend staying here. Unless of course you prefer hotel rooms with numerous flaws that you can expect to go uncorrected during your entire stay.

good afternoon, I want to leave this message to all the people who come to this hotel in season.  In my case, I made reservations 2 months before to stay, then the month I booked, I called to confirm my stay there, they told me that everything was in order.  The day I arrived yesterday, October 23, it turned out that they sold my room to another person and they left me a room for 2 people despite having paid for one of 4 people.  They told me I had to take that room or they would refund my money.  It seems to me a lack of respect and consideration because we arrive tired and exhausted from a whole day of travel.  They sold my room much more expensive because there was high demand and they also gave me a room for disabled people. They did all of this because I booked with a long time and paid a reasonable price and when they saw that it was season and the hotel was full and they sold the room at a higher price

They overbooked the hotel so even though I booked it 6 weeks prior, no rooms available, staff had no idea what bed situation was in each room. Woman checking in at the same time said her bathroom was gross., old woman came down because her key never worked beyond a couple hours...im other words, go somewhere else

I was disappointed in this property. The hallways and elevator were nasty..I exited to my floor to a used bandaid stuck to the carpet. My room had a roach in the bathroom, and the anemic ac never cooled the room. Topped it off with morning coffee...with no condiments. This place was nasty.

Mohammad at the front desk (late night) is great I can’t speak highly enough of him and his customer service. He was able to get us a room on the spot after another Marriott brand dropped the ball. Seriously can’t think you enough Mohammad thanks for going above and beyond.

The room smells musty, phone did not work, someone stole the TV remote control. Furniture is old and broken. Unless you are desperate,  don't stay here. Also, even though,  all Marriott hotels have hot breakfast, this one has a brown bag because they are short staff  🙄

Stayed at the Stonelake BLVD location earlier this week when traveling for work. My room smelled terribly like mold. They didnt replace towels in the bathroom. Its not the worst hotel ive stayed in, but definitely the worst Marriott i've been in.

Great service and room

What can I say? Courtyard domain is the place.

Good value, clean.  Good indoor pool (20-25ft) for the class.  Close to shopping and many good restaurants.  Loved their couch!

Whole hotel came off as very dirty. Our room was not anything I expected based on reviews on hotels.com. Bathroom light flickered multiple times before turning on. Caulking in shower was ripped out of faucet and made it hard to operate and knob made it hard to turn to hot. Didn't like there was no safe in room to use. They only had one paper cup in there for us to have some coffee, so we had to go ask for more. And to only confirm our worry of the place being filthy, as we were packing up to leave a GIANT cockroach climbed up the AC unit. No idea how long it had been there. But this was terrible and we will never stay here again or recommend the hotel to someone else.

The hotel seemed nice upon entering but my experience went south shortly after that. First of all I couldn't pay with my cash app card which is my preferred method of payment because I'm weary about using my debit card.  I understand every place doesn't accept every form of payment but it was nonetheless irritating.  I had made a reservation for a king suite and the person at the desk quickly found the reservation but said he didn't know if he had one available and if he did it would likely need to be cleaned and he could see if he could contact housekeeping.  He then adds " I can get you in a double room with two double beds for 10 dollars cheaper." Seeing as how I was on a time constraint I just said ok and was given my key for the room. I was only given one key which was weird since I was sharing the room with another adult who was at the check-in desk with me. The elevators smelled terrible! The room was ok but could've been cleaner.

Lindo

Absolutely awful. The desk staff was rude when telling me that I could not check in until 10pm (I arrived at 9pm) and ruder when I had the audacity to ask for an update an hour later. It is 10:30pm and I am still waiting for a room. Horrific.

Got there at 4pm and they said the room wouldn’t be ready until 6pm. Got back at 6pm and they said it would be at least another hour. Other folks were waiting in the lobby for their rooms too. There was no communication that the room would not be available on time.

This is not a typical Courtyard property with coffee, restaurant and bar. Coffee is only available from 7-9am, must request maid service, first time not offered points or welcomed as a rewards member. It’s also not located in the Domain. Stay away from here

Just go elsewhere, not worth it. Accessible location to the highway. Rooms were so gross and way too small for a family of 4. Floor felt sticky and extremely flat with a underlying smokers smell to the room. Pool was so small and water was yucky. Breakfast was decent, easy packaged items (yogurt, sandwiches, muffins. Overall just put your money somewhere else

It's fine they're obviously having manpower issues. The ac is stuck in the on full power position, one of the shower heads is broken. Otherwise it is fine

Paid for a king with sofa bed.  Checked in and told that our room was smaller and doesn't have a soda bed.... no other kinds available. No discount offered.  Room is smaller than many European hotel rooms I've stayed in. Carpet was sticky it was so dirty. A/C set on 66 but room was 76 at its coolest. Wouldn't get cooler. Additionally, shower wouldn't drain. Took a quick 10 minute shower.  1 hour later still 2 inches of standing water in tub.
Could only switch us to a double...  maybe ..... asked to give it time and let him know.  This was at 11pm. My husband went and slept in the truck.
Room was OK but dated.  Far below Marriott standards.  Closer to that of a Best Western level.  Very disappointing especially as a Bonvoy member! Will pay twice the amount to stay elsewhere next time if needed.

Good service and relaxing stay

My only complaint, and it was enough for me, was that the indoor pool was closed 4 pm - 8 pm for private swim lessons.   This is one of the few hotels that I found with an indoor pool, and I choose it for that reason.  If I had known that it would be closed for private lessons, I would have stayed elsewhere.

The hotel was conveniently located, clean and the staff was nice. The only issue we had was a major one. We couldn't get any sleep due to noise from hallway and surrounding units. The sound dampening is terrible for these rooms. Do not plan to stay here again.

Really not sure how this hotel belongs to Marriott. If the manger is reading this. Please advise your housekeeping team to clean properly. The restroom had stains in our room. I have stayed in many Marriotts all over but this was definitely not a clean one.

The room that I reserved was clearly not cleaned after the previous guest. I was given a replacement room that seemed clean but I ended up with bed bug bites.

Hotel pictures are very deceptive. The room I was in was very dirty. There was a dead bug on the ground, the bathroom walls had stains all over it, and our sink porcelain was broken. This is not a 3 star hotel.

Very nice staff!!

Nice room... business trip ... the breakfast is almost non existent... location is GREAT.

Whole experience was great. Nice room, great service.

Lifetime Titanium member here with 1000+ nights in Marriott hotels.  It's not terrible but it's bad, rooms are NOT in good shape. Things haven't been deep cleaned in awhile. ZERO loyalty effort, no thanks, no welcome back, nothing. Service and experience that shouldn't have the Marriott name.  There are 5 better properties close by. Skip this one, trust me.

Average hotel with average services. Good alternative to average Airbnb

Off to a great start. Trash everywhere. Momma's night in package not included.

See my last review of Marriot. Same deal. Was told the bar is closed due to covid. How about cleaning your rooms and shared areas.

The last one trash sat outside of the door for 3 days last week in a different part of austin.

I'm done with Marriot.

They were over booked and rude.

Good

The pictures online are deceptive.  I would have done better at Motel 6.  I have taken pictures to show what it really looks like; dirty.  The toilet is detached from the floor.  Random trash in the halls.  I asked to be moved to a different hotel and was told I would have to pay again with no refund.  Horrible customer service.  I wouldn’t stay here again.

Courtyard used to be a mid to high end option. This one is seriously needing some TLC.

Good

Everything was great 👍 we came during a bad weather which lead to power 🔋 outage

Clean and the staff are friendly.

Very bad experience the toilet kept running all night the TV didn't work also got locked out of the room had to be switched to another room that was worse than the first no hot water couldn't take a shower was supposed to be there two nights left after the first night only got four hours sleep because of the toilet running couldn't drown it out with the sound of the television because that wasn't working either

Horrible horrible stay.  We were moved here because the Other hotel had overbooked and moved us here, what a terrible choice. Staff was rude, hotel is dated and needs a very very big upgrade. The wallpaper was peeling off the bathroom wall and the mold was showing, when we walked in the bathroom the tub was wet and there was long hair all in the tub and on the wall, there was hair on the bed, no remote in our room, and again the staff was rude. Choose another hotel.

Quiet hotel, friendly staff and us located in a nice a area

The lobby looks great but the Rooms are dated and in fair to poor condition. Switched rooms twice and just gave up. Cheap price but you get what you pay for. The staff here is awesome and very helpful!

Was treated with disrespect the front desk associate had no clue what he was doing I was trying to check in but he did not know how I kept trying to tell him I had an agent on the phone to help him but he continued to be stubborn I ended up having to wait 2 hours to be fully checked in. I then asked if I could get a free night which they said no very unprofessional behavior I will take my money to where it’s appreciated

Good prices for room

Nice hotel. Great rooms and location!

Muy limpio y ordenado. Pero se escucha al cuarto de al lado en todo lo q hacen y hablan.

The room is clean . staff is nice.. coffee is not good..

Easy check in, great room!

System didn't work couldn't get a room.

Céntrico
Estacionamiento amplio
Buenas habitaciones y muy limpio.

Great place to stay! The day shift clerk was really friendly and the room was clean. I'm pleased with my stay and I will visit again for sure.

If you need coffee in the morning this isn't your hotel.  Only decaf and I was told they should be getting a shipment soon.  Even in the reception area, NO COFFEE!

Room safety lock didn't work, my room stayed open all day until I got back.  I said good morning 3 times to a housekeeping employee and she never acknowledged me. When I first got to my room and went to use the room the rim was wet and it was bleach and my black pants are ruined.

The hotel smells very must. I'm sure my room was not cleaned.

Dank, muggy rooms.

Ok rooms, the bathroom's shower was clogged.  They have a covered pool, but it was freezing.  Would've been nice if they kept it warmer.

Trying to figure out how to show this Hotel Empire that the Mormon church is the wrong path.

Not the Marriott I am used to.
Really bad mattress made the night sleep uncomfortable and long + what seems as a possible bug bites.
Reception was courteous and efficient.

I loved this property. Check in was fast and was great! I didn't give 5 stars because apparently 1 of the small waters in the room was $5!! $5?! for water for your guests? it's over 100° outside, obviously it's hot and instead of it being a courtesy water, its $5 water.. anyways I digress. Don't drink any of the waters in the room or touch the coffee pot. They will charge you and not tell you!!! Also, take pictures before you leave in case they try to charge you for 'damages'. Also, parking can be a hassle if you have an SUV or truck because only "compact cars" can park up front. Other than that, great hotel. Great beds, great housekeeping service, great A/C, great bathroom. It was very clean and everyone was very professional.

Clean

Clean and comfortable amid this Covid-19 time we ar in.

Eric at the front desk was so kind and respectful.  Very professional service! Thanks Eric!

Great staff just outdated and small

It is nice, but it could use some updates as it is pretty outdated.

1 step up from a no tell motel. The shower was awful. Bed only so-so comfortable. I was unimpressed.

If you are near the west side Austin this is a wonderful hotel to stay at. Great rooms and staff. I have have stayed there several times over the last few years in a room with a patio/balcony and it is nice to sit out on the balcony and relax in the evening.

Nice place.

Expected quality, friendly staff.

Good hotel with a good location. Communication needs to be a little better as I was told on check in that I could have a later check out at 4pm, which on check out day turned out to be incorrect and I was given up to 2pm. Good restaurants within walking distance, nice room. Friendly staff

Great hotel and lovely welcome

Very nice clean nice size rooms. Love the light under the TV but just right for desk. I'm 6'4 and I sat right in front of the TV. I  was not blocking the TV at all!!!

We were able to rest and relax - staff were cordial and helpful.  Thanks!

Hotel is nice, but for $100+ you'd expect continental breakfast to be included. Instead, you have to wait to order breakfast at The Bistro. Food isn't bad, but it ended up being an extra $36 for 3 people. Coffee also not included. Just an extra expense to keep in mind during your booking.

Nice staff, decent rooms, bistro is good.

Service is great, rooms are clean. Building just feels "old".

It was fine. The gym is a little sparse, but there's a heated indoor pool, which is nice. The in-hotel bar is WAY overpriced, but that's what you get. Also, there's nothing in walking distance, so you're going to have to ride/drive to wherever you want to eat from here.

Noisiest bed that I have ever stayed on, and a dirty toilette were def not what I expected from a Marriott hotel. Especially after spending the night in another Courtyard Marriott last weekend in Laredo that was GREAT and almost half the proce than this one. Very dissapointed.

excelente

Still awaiting to get reimbursement for the hotel charging me twice for one night.  Been trying to get this resolved for 2 weeks.   Somehow the hotel can't figure it out but I will never be staying here again.

The staff was awesome, rooms could use some updates but overall it was nice.

this Courtyard needs a remodel in certain areas. our a/c evaporator pan was leaking onto the floor, the elevator button light was out on our floor, they didn't even have complimentary coffee during the week, much less a complimentary breakfast to compete with others. b

Nice and clean hotel, super nice staff. Inside pool is great.

Very clean place in a great location. Staff was very helpful around the clock and the price was great.

I booked on booking com and was promised a specific room. If it's not guaranteed then say that or have your 3rd parties who represent u be  honest. The front girl smirked the entire time. No manager available

I only went there for Inspire seminar.

This property is in need of a serious renovation! We had to change rooms twice. The sink was clogged in the 1st room and the tub in the 2nd room drained very slow.

Hotel was nice, staff was ok.

Staff was very professional and the rooms were clean

Just checked in.  Air conditioning works well.  Room was cold.  Balcony view of trees and Domain building tops across the street.  Coffee in rooms, but no coffee service in lobby.  Breakfast complimentary with room.  Gym and workout area.  Treadmill, elliptical, and dumbbells.  Indoor pool (smallish).  Nice decor, beds, bathroom.

Stayed here for a week during the WGC Championships. I did have to move room after the first night (from 202), because it’s situated right above the entrance hall and the room shakes every time the automatic front doors closed and it also makes a really loud noise. However the rest of my stay was good. Can’t comment on the food as I didn’t eat at the hotel, but enjoyed a Starbucks coffee each morning and the small shop inside the hotel is well stocked. Laundry service was good, as well as the staff who greeted me both on arrival and leaving the hotel each morning. Beds were comfy, and the shower was great. Would probably suggest getting slightly larger TVs for the rooms, as they are quite big and it’s hard to see it from the bed!

Desk register awsome personality

Nice room. Nice management

Was nice

Enjoyed our stay.  Room was nice but could stand to be updated.  Worker in the cafe on Sunday never could figure out how to properly make a Starbucks hot chai tea latte despite two attempts at it

Old and worn Courtyard

This was a beautiful hotel. The staff was amazing and helped me with my
Reservation when there was a little bump in the road. The room was spacious and the bed and sofa bed were extremely comfortable. The only reason I didn’t give it 5 stars was because I didn’t like that you have to pay for your breakfast and it was only by order. They have a restaurant that makes the breakfast and the menu had weird plates I haven’t heard of, which is fine, but, I didn’t know what to order for my 3 younger children so I went out to get them breakfast instead. Other than that I was very pleased with my stay!

Little more stylish than most Courtyards I've seen.  Room is well designed with good desk work area and clean new looking furnishings.  Just got here, but like it a lot so far.

My friend was in town for a brief business trip and hadn't mentioned that it was her birthday during her stay. I called to request a courtesy birthday food delivery, and despite being extremely busy, Daniel was pleasant and responsive. I was expecting an early morning delivery (as we were expecting early morning departure) and instead, he got a special treat whipped up and delivered that very night. That is going above and beyond! Exceptional service which was very much appreciated. Thank you, Daniel, and the rest of the Courtyard staff!

DO NOT STAY HERE if you like warm showers.... I stayed here two weeks in a row and both of my rooms would not get warm water. My business associate also had a problem the second week. Their water heaters clearly cannot handle the demand. Staff kept telling me they would send maintenance, but nothing changed.

Clean hotel, nice room. Staff is a little slow to respond service wise and food from Cafe is only so-so. Would probably stay again, but there is room for improvement.

Friendly Staff, quiet room no traffic noise. Ample parking.

Great stay but the dining options were lacking. I picked this hotel because I love Marriott and the location was great. Beware of the in house food options! A child size chicken pot pie was $16 and the a la cart breakfast they tout was also room service pricing. The young man and woman at the lobby acted like I was interrupting their conversation when I tried to order breakfast and lacked service. Disappointing.

Very friendly staff

Rooms were outdated and Dark.  Service was friendly and polite.  Location was good and parking was fine.

The room looked a little scuffed up, but the beds were comfortable

Easy to get to. Comfortable rooms. Not to bad. No breakfast though. There is a Starbucks in the lobby.

Excelente 👍

None

Clean. Great location.

Cool cabinets

Very beautiful inside . Customer service is very friendly.  The hotel itself clean and nice present. Everyone that works there seems professional and courteous.

Clean place. Friendly staff.

Comfortable and clean.

I delivered packages there

Older Courtyard. Dark rooms, could use more lighting. Quiet and friendly staff. A good typical Courtyard you can always count on.

Clean facility. Close to everything.

Not a Courtyard quality at all.... musty smell in the room, frozen food served in the restaurant, only 1 elevator so long wait,  tiny gym.

It was okayish

I tired calling the hotel for almost 3 hours now because im trying to make a reservation and everytime the front office picks up i say hi and they hang up on me..... So rude and so disrespectful....

Need more than two people working the front. Those two handled it well though!

Clean hotel. Friendly staff.

Nice and clean

I had 3 issues with the hotel:
1) rooms felt older and dated
2) housekeeping provided two bottles of conditioner but no shampoo (attention to detail)
3) the guest WiFi was down

Very nice rooms. The hallway was a little hot and there were random wet floor signs everywhere, but overall a nice clean place.

Everything and everyone has been splendind. The reason for not providing a higher rating is the fact that housekeeping stole my earrings. They were cheap earrings, but it's about the principle.

Muy hamable la gente

Room smelled like mildew. Room needs to be updated. Lobby was nice. Staff was friendly. Close to shopping and restaurants. It's ok but probably won't stay there again.

Friendly staff. clean, well appointed rooms. The only drawback was the placement of the air conditioner.

The hotel was really nice and affordable the staff was very professional, the room was clean , the beds were soft, the AC didn't work that great but overall it was good and affordable

It's like any other Courtyard, but my experience over here wasn't the best one. Had an issue with the room.type when I checked in, which could be written off on just one of those things, but the next day the housekeeping didn't clean the room saying that there was a do not disturb sign on the door, which  sure I didn't out it and nothing was there when I came to the room.

Overall just not impressed with this trip

Standard courtyard Marriott you'd see anywhere.

Nice, clean rooms.

Quality room and staff.

Great Stay!

Good accommodations, good location, reasonable price.

Our stay was wondeful! The room was spacious Ashton took care of us for the 3 days we were there. no complaints.. all love.

Decent location, close to the highway. Rooms are nice and big, and the bed was comfortable.

DNT STAY HERE ITS WORTHLESS NO AIR CONDITION DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY AND IN TX FOR SURE U NEED AIR CONDITION SO SAD $140 FOR A RM THTS NOT WORTH IT

Great location near arboretum and the domain with access to lots of great restaurant and bars. Easy, 20 min drive from the airport if there's no traffic. Typical courtyard layout with nice rooms, pool, and workout area. Rooms are mid-sized with a small fridge. All in all, pretty good for business travel.

Tried to resolve issue with hotel directly, but never received a response to my below email:
Dear Ms. Miller,

I am writing to you regarding my recent stay at the Courtyard Austin Northwest/Arboretum on April 19-21.  The first evening we returned to the room, we discovered the toilet was not flushing properly and it completely overflowed.  We were advised there was no maintenance staff available until the morning and the hotel was fully booked, so we needed to just wait and not use the bathroom until then.

Maintenance came the next day and again, after a full day of being away from the room, upon return, the toilet was still not flushing properly.  Again, we notified front desk and the woman on staff advised us we needed to wait until the morning and we should speak to the front desk in the morning about getting a reimbursement for our troubles.

When my husband spoke with the front desk at around 8am, we were advised she couldn't reimburse us for the nights because our stay has already passed and that we can only get points.  She said she would speak with her manager.  Maintenance didn't come to fix the toilet until close to 11am!  When we went down to check out, we were advised that we can get the refund and it would show up on our card within the next few days.

Fast forward to today.  I called the hotel and spoke with x to check the status of our refund.  She said there was no refund on file nor were there any points issued.  She said there was no indication of this incident at all.  When she checked with the sales manager, she was advised I didn't qualify for a refund because my stay has already passed.

Though other friends that were staying at the hotel that weekend experienced inconveniences such as a mirror randomly falling from the wall and shattering while she was laying in bed or a towel rack falling off the wall when they closed the bathroom door, a non-functional toilet was truly frustrating and beyond inconvenient.  My husband and I had to rely on our friend's rooms to relieve ourselves and showering in their bathrooms as well because we had to wait for them to clean the floor after the first incident.

At this point, I'd really just like a refund for my stay.  I feel like the "stay has passed' issue is through no fault of my own.  I immediately reported the issue at the time it happened and was told by hotel staff I had to wait until the next morning to get it remedied.  Upon check-out, I was advised that I would be seeing a refund on my card within the next few days.  This whole situation has been a negative one and I'd rather get reimbursed my original amount versus getting credit for another Marriott stay.

Please feel free to contact me at this email or phone at.

Thank you,

I only stayed in the hotel for one night. The room was nice and everything was very quiet.

Was stuck in mildew smelling room because they were sold out. I was promised that housekeeping would come by momentarily to spray with Febreeze. Hours later they still had not. Had to go request it again. Just not on par with what I would expect from Marriott service.

Quiet, comfortable room. Staff was friendly and attentive. Some shopping across the street. Room rates were very high IMO, not certain why, perhaps a lack of adequate hotel rooms for the time we were there?

No complimentary breakfast is the only complaint!

Honestly, for the price of the room (king bed, $145 on expedia) This hotel is not worth it. At that price, I expect a hot tub (it wasn't listed on the website but one of the photos looked like there was one) or a complimentary breakfast at least. I should have just saved $50 and went to Motel 6 for the same lack of amenities. I heard they've recently renovated too!

5 star rating: The bed was comfy- they don't use the weird comforter that most hotels have that are too stiff and heavy. The gentleman who checked us in (Don't remember his name, it was late afternoon on 3/28, so whoever was on staff then) was very nice.

1 star rating: Our AC unit wasn't blowing cold, no matter how high or low we had the setting on. It was tolerable when we first went to bed, but by 6AM, I was sweating. And even taking the light blankets off didn't help. It was just so humid and heavy! When we told the front desk at check out the next morning, all she said was "Yeah that happens from time to time."
Mold on the ceiling of the shower and in the hallways.

Gave it 3 stars average because of the bed and the nice front desk gentleman.

Front desk member was great. AC did not work consistently, rust all over the shower, holes in the walls in the hallway. This is supposed to be a Marriot not a motel 6. For the overall appearance I would rate this location a 2 star. I actually have gotten better appearances and amenities at a motel 6, I am left wondering why I just paid $140.

Their one elevator is extremely slow. Getting to your room seems to take forever.

Everyone one on the staff, was friendly and helpful. Room was clean, and the bed was comfy. If I'm ever in, Austin again,  I'll definitely stay at the Courtyard by Marriott.

Clean, modern rooms. Front desk, maid service, bistro, Starbucks, excellent service all around. We have two small children and they had a great time at the indoor pool and enjoyed the delicious breakfast we ordered at the bistro. The location affords easy access to everything Austin has to offer and plenty of options within walking distance of the hotel. This is our go-to place to stay when in Austin.

I am 57 years old and have no visible  disabilities  but I do need basic safety  measures to help with balance and stability. For example, a grab bar in the shower area. Without one, a fall in the shower would invite a lawsuit. In addition, there is a great need for additional  and accessible power outlets and more counter space. I appreciate the in-room coffee. We stay here because my sister likes to get her reward points. If I were to pick the hotel, I would not stay at the Marriott. Thank you.

Good service, clean room, fair prices but a bit outdated.

First class. Great staff and friendly relaxed atmosphere.

Modern rooms, tech savvy and clean.great get away

Staff was extremely helpful

Not the best Courtyard old needs refresh bathroom was dirty when I checked in

Clean and comfortable rooms in a great location. The staff has been been very helpful. So far my stay has been great.

The rooms are nice, recently remodeled and the staff and has been very friendly and helpful. The beds and linens are comfortable. The location is very convenient. The only thing I don't like is there is only one elevator for the entire hotel so sometimes you have to wait a hit.

Great hotel, but they used my personal debit card for the hotel bill instead of the company credit card that was faxed in advance.  Took 2 days to straighten out, and my money was on hold at my bank during the 2 days.

Great experience. Rooms were clean and modern. Wi-Fi worked great and easy to access. Excellent breakfast options.

Good place, staff is good.

This hotel is not worth the price. It needs lots of updating!!! The room had a foul musty odor!! The manager walked in and said, the room smelled awful! If you know it stinks why would you put people in it?? We left Saturday morning at 8 am, returned at 330 pm . Our rooms were not cleaned! Management said, we have to request cleaning or clean the room ourselves??? I paid for two rooms and two nights! The check-in process was awful! The overall service not good!! It all starts with management! If management doesn't care neither will the rest of the staff!!

Good clean place to stay with nice hotel staff!

Great staff and clean room. The bathroom in my hotel room could use repairs. The tile grout was cracked or missing. Otherwise it was fine and I would stay here again.

Well, the staff is friendly, the room is nice. Spacious enough for 3. ( 2 adults and a small child) beds are comfy, pillows are great! Complimentary waters and breakfast. Have yet to check out the bistro.. All in all.. Great time. Ooh! I even have a balcony!

Nice hotel with good services

Goid

The bartender and the front desk had great customer service

Nice location . Great Staff. Clean Rooms

Sat in a conference room by the entrance didn't see much of the place

Nice and clean

The property was a typical Courtyard - clean and a courteous staff. What set this location apart was the service. We were passing through on an anniversary trip and the staff brought a care package to our room, along with a personalized note wishing us congratulations. Totally unnecessary and unexpected, but definitely appreciated. The human touch was amazing. Thank you!!

Great staff

Comfortable and clean

Will not be back.  Booked a room with a King size bed.  I arrive at 7:00 and they have no more rooms with king size beds.  There are too many other options in the area to deal with this place.

Staff very friendly

Clean and comfortable. Staff was very nice. It was a quick overnight and had no time to explore surrounding area, but the hotel was very nice.

Most accommodating staff. Best customer service received at hotel.

I was only here for work training in a conference room. Food could have been better, sandwich bread was a little stale.

Nice place to stay.

Excellent spot in North Austin. The staff was very helpful and the rooms were very comfortable. The coffee area / bar area was a really nice perk with some surprisingly tasty cocktails served.

Thank you PAUL CHARLTON, Operations Supervisor, for going above and beyond to make sure we had an excellent stay at the Marriott Austin TX. You really went out of your way to make us feel special and welcomed.

Love this place; have been staying here during my visits to Austin for years now

Great Hotel! Breakfast is not included..thats the only downside

Modern, clean, low key. Wifi connection was stable but really slow (no streaming). Wish they had breakfast bar, don't really have time in the morning to order food.

Location is very close to rose road (upscale bar and restaurant) and generally quiet with very nice stuff.

El lugar es maravilloso

Staff was awesome

The hotel room was very clean and the staff is very friendly. We ordered some drinks and an appetizer which were great!

Nice

Great stay. Amazing night. Great view and excellent bistro.

The AC in the room was either too cold or too hot. You can't set it to a certain temperature.

Basic Courtyard Marriott.  Limited parking but rooms are relatively up to date.  Low quality showers.

Super helpful and friendly after our crackhouse Extended Stay America down the road.

Very clean close to most local Hangouts

Como siempre, el lugar está bien mantenido y limpio.

Ver nice hotel with really nice people.  Great location.

Great service.  Rooms are spacious modern and clean.

Nice hotel but found roaches in bathroom

The hall smells moldy.  Our room window leaked and soaked part of the carpet and they did nothing after we reported it.  The furniture is dated and they nickel and dime you on everything.  Not a good deal at all.

Property is very quiet, very clean and very friendly. We checked in late but were done very quickly. Parking was close to the entrance. Slept like a baby.
Really couldn't ask for more. Coffee bar was out of drink carriers in the morning so one of the managers helped me carry my four cups of coffee to my room. These guys are first class.

The front desk supervisor Katy, lisa at the bistro who is the coolest woman ever  and the lovely woman Hannah at the front desk are amazing.. From the time I arrived i was running from hurricane Harvey and they were so professional and empathetic and caring it blew my mind. You have an amazing team of women working for you I am so very impressed. Thanks for being so amazing ladies it made my stressful, sad trip a little more brighter and it means the world to me.

We really love the positive experience we had at the hotel, Alejandra was very professional.

We were in the lonestar meeting room for a work conference. It was clean and hospitable, coffee and cold drinks were available and the room was perfectly adequate for showing power point slides and discussing information with a group of 10-20 people.

Very good accommodations and excellent customer service!

The staff here are great. It's a friendly atmosphere every time I visit. The woman working the cafe poured very good drinks, but the computer system overcharged me for my double Tito's, so watch out for that.

I alway stay here when visiting Austin. It's in a great location, near the highway, but you don't hear it. Parking can be a challenge as there's always inconsiderate folks who park in the "compact car" spaces and end up taking two of them.

It's a Courtyard, nothing special.  It is put away from restaurants, etc. which is inconvenient for those of us that like to wash to dinner and shopping.

Good good.

Great service. Friendly staff. Above average cleanliness. Would recommend.

It was very clean

Service was good but A/C in my room was not cooling properly and my 4th floor hall way was super hot. Not fun when you spend the day in the sun

Clean location. Great staff. AC felt under powered and locks got stuck a little. Showing a little of its age, but still overall good stay.

I recently stayed at this hotel. Upon arrival the hotel staff was very courteous, and hospitable. There was a mistake with my card, but they quickly resolved the issue, and took ownership of the situation without a problem.

However, my hotel room had a strong cologne smell, and there were a few other issues, but they quicky moved us to a different room without a problem.

The lobby is ok. The hallways and rooms, and bathrooms need renovation, but still provides a decent place to sleep, and bathe.

Last, the entire staff was always smiling, and using pleasant tones, and they were accommodating with room service.

Quiet, clan, friendly staff, centrally located

Very excellent hotel. Great atmosphere

We attended a wedding for a friend's daughter. The hotel is very nice, but the staff was very unpleasant to deal with. I would think twice before booking an event at this hotel.

The concierge were very friendly and welcoming. It is an affordable hotel and at a great location to get around town. You can tell it's an older hotel that has been remodeled so it still feels new and outdated at the same time [small indoor pool, no headboards, one main elevator (at least that I saw)] But I would stay here again because of the friendly staff.

Staying here to spend a great weekend in Austin. The front desk has been very friendly and welcoming. Room is nice and has ample wall outlets.

The staff was helpful and the acomidations were great. Thank you

awesome service, awesome rooms!

Very clean. Looks like there was some recent updates to the interior. The entire stay was great.

Staying at the Courtyard was a nice experience. The room was clean and mostly prepped (had to ask for a set of sheets for the pull out bed) and very modern. Service was wonderful and attentive. The location was such that getting around required a little weird maneuvering, but for the price, it was hard to beat being right there in the Arboretum area.

Roaches

Nice and comfortable.

Elevator and ice machine setup is a bit strange. Not bad, just different than most. Great room! Great price! Would stay again!

Nice, updated rooms! Quick drive to the Domain.

Its off the highway but quiet, staff is friendly and courteous ,hotel is clean and there is a mini pool inside.The room looks modern and have adequate amenities ( microwave and small fridge).Nice hotel overall!

Charlie was exceptionally welcoming. He and 2 of the house staff went out of their way to assist in anything I needed!!

Very nice

Cozy place for spending the weekend

we enjoyed our stay at the courtyard marriott tremendously. The staff was amazing , it was clean and a great place...highly reccommend it

Great hospitality!!!

Booked through work, and everything went great

What a incredibly wonderful experience I had at this Marriott!!! Daniel the manager, totally went out of his way to make our texas women's tribe meetup a huge success!!! He even had fresh lemons and waters and lots of extra goodies for each of us!!! The planning and organization was spot on!!! The hotel was so clean and the beds and pillows were extra nice and trust me I'am picky!!! The outdoor patio is especially nice. We were all able to visit in peace and totally enjoy our group gathering! I totally recommend this beautiful place!! Enjoy
Sherry Fontenot

Usual pleasant Marriott experience.

I did not stay at the hotel, but I was the guest of someone who did. The lobby/cafe area was clean and inviting, and all of the staff were very friendly and accommodating. We ate food that we purchased outside of the hotel sitting in their cafe area, but they had no problems with this and even brought us complimentary bottles of water. Very good experience, and I would definitely consider staying with this chain in the future.

Great staff and hotel

Nice rooms at good prices. No animals allowed though. Service at the bar is very slow though.

It was nice and clean

Excellent and conveniently located accommodates. Very conformable bed. The bistro food near the lobby is superb.

A good stay made great by the awesome people of the Courtyard!

Clean quiet

Nice rooms and staff. Breakfast could have more options.

Comfortable clean room and attentive staff.

It was a regular hotel, nothing extraordinary. There were several, SEVERAL guests at the desk complaining of their bathrooms and their rooms in general being dirty. The staff did not look "kept"... But they were friendly. The pool was indoors, small but heated. So the kids did enjoy it. Overall, it was an ok place to stay.. the beds were two full size beds in the double room, so hardly room for 2 in each.

I'm staying here for work, the staff is probably the friendliest/most helpful I have ever encountered. There was a small problem with my room when I arrived, but they rectified it quickly and upgraded me to an executive room. It would be nice if they had free breakfast, but the quality of the lobby cafe makes up for it.

Clean, beautiful rooms with great service

Great customer service

Great hotel

It was nice. The beds were small for 2 people

Nice, clean hotel. Friendly staff. The only complaint I had was that the water didn't get past luke-warm for showers.

Safe, clean

Do NOT Stay Here!!!! Do NOT Book a room here!!

Very nice place to rest after a long day at work , staff are really so helpful

Friendly staff greets you. Provided multiple options for rooms to meet my needs. Nice room. Comfortable bed.

Meeting room was clean and looked professional. Service was very courteous.

Staff was very nice, friendly and gracious, greeting you when you come in as well as attentive. The room was satisfactory, however bathroom door would not open fully as it hit the toilet. A/C-Heater controls were a tad awkward.

Coffee was in-room only - not downstairs - that was sort of a bummer when waiting for a colleague to come down!. I guess I am use to other facilities. Breakfast,  I am sure was great,  but didn't try as it was WAY too overpriced,  even on expense account.

As to breakfast and coffee, I don't typically stay at/around this location as my business is elsewhere in Austin, so I use other facilities. This was my fault as I was probably looking at one and booked another. I should have been more on point, my mistake.

Good people and facility other than coffee and breakfast.

Great service and gorgeous women

Clean rooms and very professional staff.  Highly recommended.

Beds were comfortable staffwas very nice

Very friendly staff, clean and well-appointed rooms

Receptionist was very friendly and nice. The room was updated but the bath was a little dated. 3.5 stars w/o receptionist

Stayed here for one night with my friend. Staff were friendly and nice, room was clean and cozy. I do recommend this hotel for people visiting Austin

Friendly check-in and great, comfy room.

Stayed here several times.  Rooms are always clean and in a quiet location.  Blackout curtains work if you are facing the parking lot lights.  Breakfast is pretty standard fare, staff is courteous and helpful.

Good!

Great employees and very clean

Great place to stay!

Easily accessible

Very nice lodgings, and friendly service

Classico hotel americano, standardizzato come tutti nella catena. La struttura è abbastanza recente, piccola l'area della reception con annessa area bar/colazione/cena. Le camere sono spaziose e pulite, il condizionatore nella stanza è abbastanza silenzioso, non come purtroppo accade negli USA. La colazione è ricca ed abbondante e dopo l'ordine al banco ti viene consegnata al tavolo.|Consigliato per breve visite di lavoro.

Stayed here when my AC went out because my husband had a free night. The first room had a dirty q-top right on the night stand. They moved our room quickly, and provided a breakfast voucher but the dirty damage was done. The room was okay, bathrooms could be cleaner but decor was sort of updated.

Comfortable. A few too many dogs but otherwise like an apartment.

Location is convenient, service was great, rooms are clean and attractive.

Pretty sad for a courtyard.    You would expect consistency above mid scale especially for the part of Austin it is in.   Dirty floors, clogged toilet, chipped warping paint, moldy shower curtains and the smells in the hall are disgusting.   Pretty gross.

Room and hall is musty,  shower curtain full of black colored mold, and toilet clogged on first flush

The rooms on the higher floors have a great view of the hill country.

quiet. Comfortable bed. Clean room. Congenial staff.  Good, but not free, breakfast menu.  Limited TV channels. Difficult air conditioning controls. Inadequate water flow at basin. Thin  Wash cloths and not enough face towels.

Modern hotel with fantastic amenities and good rates

Hospitality was too good.

Rooms were very clean and the staff are very personable and friendly!

Memes

Clean rooms. Got bumped to a handicapped room.

Its great

Great modern rooms!

Nice clean and affordable hotel, New remodel is a nice facelift.   Friendly staff and great for out of town visitors.

Piscina aquecida muito boa. Atendimento muito bom. Quartos renovados. Próximo a supermercados, lojas e shoppings, acesso rápido a highway. Mini loja com snacks. Estacionamento amplo. Excelentes restaurantes ao redor. Muito limpo e confortável.

Pool is very small, one small elevator, nice bistro and entrance area

一开始看房间很简陋，面积不小。但装修的细节真的还不错，总体感觉不错，不过109美元价格不便宜。

Nice big room, I recommend getting a king with sofa for the extra space. We stayed 5 days and loved it! The pool was great for our little one and you can't beat the price. The staff was really friendly and went out of her way for us. Thanks so much for making us feel at home. Next time we are in Austin we know where to stay!

Great, clean hotel. The employees are very nice and professional.

good place and great service

I was very happy with the service I received, and also with the room.

Clean rooms and quiet area friendly staff, only issue is that we could hear the water from shower running next door loud enough to wake us up other than that pleasant stay

Thank you to the friendly staff. Very clean and the Starbucks staff waited on me even after hours of operation. Very considerate and helpful.

The staff was incredibly friendly and made us feel right at home. The rooms were perfect for our needs and the price was much better than other hotels in the area. If I ever go back to Austin I'll be sure to stay here again!

Location was only 13 min from downtown Austin convention center and cost way less than staying somewhere downtown. There is some shopping and food in walking distance, a little construction work outside but the actual hotel was very nice: decent parking, well kept, and the amenities were fine. Everything in the room was clean and quiet. Emily at the front desk was super welcoming and friendly, and they resolved a Priceline double-charging issue with little fuss and within a week. Would most likely stay here again next visit to Austin.

Worst place to stay ever!
Rude to certain people.
Not understanding of people who don't know about the incidental charge.
And they almost forgot to charge me for the room.
They charged me 4 days after my stay.
And for 100$ a night, they don't even have mini fridges or microwaves in the room..
Sorry but I think that's a rip off!

The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Our room was very clean and cozy. The location is great and it was very easy to find and getting downtown was a breeze (even on a weekend!). The property is surrounded by trees and makes you feel secluded, despite being close to the highway. The only complaint I would have are the TV channels. There's very little to choose from. But other then that we had a great time and we will definitely be back!

Bien situé pour un voyage d'affaire.||Intérieur plutôt vieillot et pas de petit déjeuner proposé.C'est regrettable.||Service donc assez décevant pour cette chaîne d’hôtel.||Propreté tout de même au rendez-vous.

I stayed here for one night using Marriott points and while my first room smelled horribly like cigarette smoke (it's a 100% non-smoking hotel), my second room was much better and fresher. The rooms are standard for a Courtyard, it's a quiet location despite proximity to a shopping center and highways but breakfast is lackluster.

I really liked staying here. The hotel is in a good location, right off the freeway and in a very nice, quiet, upscale area. It was very modern decorated, and the rooms were neat, clean, and comfy. You're only about 15 minutes from downtown, and it's a very easy painless commute. This area also has some pretty good stores and shopping, immediately in the next parking lot (literally just leave the hotel lot and pull into the next). The staff here was very nice and accommodating, I looked forward to coming back to the hotel everyday because it was so pleasant. It's not very big, only 4 floors, so not too much traffic. I would highly recommend.

Great place...nice and friendly staff....only complaint is the elevator is small and theres only one...everything else is perfect...the interior decor is newer and looks like the property is older but has completely a completely modern and updated/hip look.

achei agradaveis as duas noites que passei neste hotel. o quarto é muito bom, limpo e a internet é boa e veloz. banheiro espaçoso. lobby oferece happy hour diario bem animado. mas a localizacao desfavorece... é distante do centro de Austin. para quem vai de carro, recomendo

Muy Buena opcion, hotel muy limpio y personal amable siempre en muy Buena disposicion y muy bien ubicado.||||lo unico que les falta es tener caja de seguridad dentro de las habitaciones :(||y un inconveniente que tuve con la regadera pero me cambiaron de habitacion sin nungun preblema

Nice updated hotel. Great location near a lot of shops and restaurants

Günstige Lage in ruhiger Gegend, mit dem Auto braucht man etwa 10 Minuten ins Zentrum (Bat-Watch usw.). Die Zimmer sind groß und sauber. Man sollte auf jeden Fall ein Zimmer im obersten Stockwerk nehmen. Denn in den unteren Stockwerken hört man jeden Schritt, der in den Zimmern oberhalb getan wird. Der Boden knackt und kracht und man kann jederzeit feststellen, ob jemand im Zimmer ist und wo er gerade steht oder geht. Das Frühstück im hoteleigenen "Starbucks" ist ein Witz, was die Auswahl oder die Qualität betrifft: man kann von einer winzigen Karte wählen. Ich habe frischen Obstsalat bestellt, der schmeckt, als wäre er am Tag davor geschnitten worden und ein Oatmeal, das ok war. Der sonst übliche Gratis-Kaffee in der Lobby fehlt in diesem Hotel. Einen Indoor Pool gibt es. Angeblich kann man im Nachbarhotel den Outdoorpool benutzen.

Buena ubicación, personal amable, habitaciones limpias y cómodas, tiene piscina caliente abierta hasta las 11 pm.solo dos observaciones:||1) Por la mañana hay mucho ruido afuera del hotel||2) El desayuno no esta incluido.||Por lo que ofrecen me parece caro

Staff was very personable and friendly. Made us feel welcomed and appreciated. The facilities were clean and neat. We had one minor problem but it was addressed and resolved quickly and effectively. Thanks to all...

Spent  three days here. This is a very nice location with a friendly staff. Surronded by trees. Food prices are reasonable for the meals. Enjoyed this place

Hotel situé au nord d'Austin, dans le complexe de l'Arborethum. Très accessible, 2 autoroutes passent à coté (mais l'hotel est silencieux). Beaucoup de restaurants et plusieurs grandes surfaces à moins de 5 minutes.||Les chambres sont assez grandes et confortables: lit king size, bureau, table, canapé, armoire et belle salle de bain.||Le petit déjeuner est servi dans la seule salle du lobby (pas de restaurant), c'est un buffet ($9, petit déjeuner continental en option moins cher) plutôt bien achalandé. Il y a une piscine moyenne, et un patio à l'arrière. Grand parking.||Le personnel était très sympathique.

Was this place put together with cardboard?  I can hear the people walking upstairs, I can hear the people in the rooms beside me.  Everything inside the place seems second rate as well.  The staff is friendly, but I do not think I will be staying here again.

We had an excellent service experience at the breakfast with Francys. She did a phenomenal job.

This hotel is clean, classy, quiet and located close to restaurants and the Barton Creek area. The staff, Starting with Chris at the front desk, check-in, were exceptional. My husband and I travel a lot, and Chris’ customer service went above and beyond what we’ve ever experienced. Among other things, he immediately registers your name, and recalls it each time you walk by. ||Franchys at the Resturant, has been there a number of years, because we’ve seen her each time. She makes sure the breakfast ( which is delicious and has lots of variety), is well stocked, fresh and delicious. She’s got excellent customer service, making sure we are all well fed and lacking nothing. ||At checkout, we met Sushmurthi at the front desk, who wanted to know, what else they could do to make sure our experience is better next time! We were hard pressed to find anything we could ask them to do better. ||We do stay at this location quite frequently, and will be back again, and again, and again.

Sue was there to greet me with morning coffee and a taco! She was a bright ray of sunshine on this cloudy day! Wonderful hotel

What made this stay so special was Sue from the Cafe. She and her staff were extremely friendly and cheerful. I spent my breakfasts chatting with her while she provided the greatest service. I would come back just for her hospitality!

Sue and Chris were incredible. The attention to detail, excellent service and friendly, yet professional treatment was fantastic. Will be back!

We had the most enjoyable breakfast at the hotel.  Sue was so hospitable.  We have never had such a great breakfast experience at a hotel!

Had a fantastic breakfast this morning! Sue’s friendly service really stood out, and Chef Ashley absolutely impressed me—the food was seriously unbelievable. Both were incredibly welcoming. I’d highly recommend stopping by and enjoying the experience like I did.

EV chargers r nice, 9kW 48A 198V, 3W 16A 2026, 7mbps

We stayed at the hotel for a weekend of family pre-wedding parties. Everything was wonderful.  The manager and all of the staff were fantastic and the customer service they offered was superb. ||One particular stand out was Sue-one of the servers in the breakfast restaurant!!||She took care of my mother and best friend mom each day and she was exceptional! She went above and beyond, not only with our family, but with every guest to make sure that they had a wonderful dining experience. ||Thank you Sue! And we look forward to visiting again soon.||With much gratitude,||Jeannie

We have enjoyed our first visit to Austin, despite the unusual cloudy rainy weather.   Very clean and nice hotel!  Everyone is so friendly and Sue took great care of us every morning for breakfast!  Thank you, Krista & Gabby

Great staff especially Sue and Maria.  They provided exceptional service during my stay.  Sue made sure I had what I need to get my busy day started.  A perfect espresso and a great breakfast with a smile.||I’ll be back.

We had a wonderful experience during my sister-in-law’s wedding celebrations. Sue took care of us at breakfast and was an absolute delight, attentive, warm, and truly made the morning special.

First time staying here, the customer service we received from Sue, Chris and Jamie at the front desk was impeccable!

Beautiful rooms and comfortable beds

I had a very enjoyable stay at AC Hotel Austin Hill Country. The hotel has a modern, stylish design, and everything felt clean and well-maintained throughout my visit.

The rooms were comfortable and thoughtfully designed, with a nice balance of simplicity and functionality. I especially appreciated the quiet atmosphere, which made it easy to relax.

The staff were professional and welcoming, making the check-in and overall stay smooth and hassle-free. The location is also convenient, offering a nice balance between accessibility and a more peaceful setting away from the busiest parts of Austin.

Overall, I’d definitely recommend this hotel if you’re looking for a clean, modern, and comfortable place to stay in the Austin area.

The room was very clean and nice location

Always friendly.

Very nice place with a pool.

I had a fantastic stay at this hotel. I came during the ice storm, and the staff was super accommodating and welcoming, specifically Jamie at the front desk. As well as Ms. Sue, she greeted me in the morning during breakfast and she is so incredibly friendly and kind, made me feel like I was at home. I would go back to this hotel just to see her. My only complaint is that I wish the peloton was working given that it is such a small gym.

Wow. Wow. Wow. AC rate for JW quality. Don’t skip the breakfast! Ask for Sue. She is a rock star of AC Hotel Austin Hill.

Our trip was to visit family and this hotel was very close.  We stayed for nearly three weeks and got to know some of the staff.  They were always welcoming and professional and seemed to enjoy working at the hotel and with each other… which makes it a better experience for all.  At the front desk I was assisted and helped by Louis and Holden.. appreciated how they listened and provided assistance.  Sue and Franys were attentive and very good at preparing and serving the breakfast which was both buffet and special order.  We got to meet Maria, who was one of the chefs at breakfast, for special orders.  A special venue was the Violet Sky Rooftop bar.  It had a bar and food service, but also just a great place to sit and  relax.. enjoyed the service here by David, and especially Chris as he was working on Christmas Eve.  We also ate at Carve… one of the restaurants in the complex and saw a movie at the theater just steps away.  An enjoyable place to stay and the service was a big part of our satisfaction staying at the AC Hill Country.

I had a great experience staying at this property! Standouts were the spacious rooms, comfy 🛏️ , great 🚿,and the breakfast experience in particular was the perfect end to my short stay. Sue at the bfast counter and Maria in the kitchen will take excellent care of you, to be sure!

Great location, great service. Rooftop bar is a great spot for happy hour at sunset with panoramic views of hill country and the city.

I would like to formally recognize Charlotte Tyler, General Manager of AC Hotel Austin Hill Country, for her exceptional professionalism and leadership. From the moment of arrival, her warm welcome and genuine, friendly demeanor created an atmosphere of comfort, confidence, and excellence. Her presence reflects a strong commitment to guest satisfaction and sets a high standard for service throughout the property.

Charlotte demonstrates exemplary leadership through her approachability, poise, and ability to foster a welcoming environment for both guests and staff. Her attention to detail and consistent professionalism contribute significantly to the overall guest experience and reflect positively on the AC Hotel brand.

Her leadership style embodies hospitality at its highest level, and she is clearly an asset to the organization. I commend her for maintaining such a high standard of excellence and for creating a culture of warmth, respect, and service.

We had a wonderful stay at AC Hotel Austin Hill – Marriott. From the moment we arrived, the staff was genuinely friendly and welcoming, making check-in smooth and stress-free.

The rooms were spotless, modern, and very comfortable, exactly what you’d expect from an AC Hotel—clean lines, great lighting, and a calm atmosphere that made it easy to relax after a full day out.

One of the biggest highlights is the location. The hotel is perfectly situated near some fantastic food options, making it incredibly convenient to explore Austin’s dining scene without having to go far. Everything we wanted was just minutes away.

Overall, this is a great choice if you’re looking for a clean, comfortable, and well-located hotel with excellent service. We’d happily stay here again on our next visit to Austin.

Rooms are new. Location is very close to some big companies. The shower could use a bit more water pressure.

If you're looking for a place to stay in the hill country, this is it. The staff is very friendly. They have a nice rooftop bar and restaurant on site.

Even have tacos for breakfast.

We had a wonderful stay at this property! From the front desk, to the room, housekeeping, food and beverage, facilities, and beyond.. Wow. I’ve stayed at multiple AC Hotels around the nation, but this one is top tier. Super friendly and helpful staff. Susan was so welcoming and made us feel like family. She made our stay very special- we’ll be returning and hope to see her again! Thank YOU!

Really enjoyed this hotel! I was surprised.  Its far from downtown Austin but has lots of outstanding restaurants and movie theater within walking distance.  Rooms were great and so was the service.  They have a very nice rooftop bar as well.

Best hotel I’ve ever stayed in. The views of the hill country are incredible to wake up to, the staff was the most professional and friendly to interact with. The full size soaps were handy (since I forgot mine) and nights were quiet and relaxing. I will 100% stay here again!

Terrible place to stay if you need sleep. So loud and if you call to get help they don't care. I don't usually leave reviews but if a company like Marriott only offers you a free breakfast as compensation for lost sleep it is not somewhere I choose to do business with ever again

Pool was ice cold and there wasn’t a hot tub sadly. Other than that decent hotel.

This hotel stay was just wonderful. The gentleman at the front desk was so friendly and helpful! I have to really brag on breakfast though. Everything about our breakfast experience was incredible. The atmosphere was relaxing. The variety of choices they have is wonderful, something for everyone. Sue was our waitress and she took incredible care of us and was extremely attentive. I was expecting a “usual” hotel breakfast but I have to say, this was one of the best meals we’ve had in Austin!! Every single dish we ordered was perfectly cooked and so good!! I highly recommend this breakfast!! The woman cooking is extremely talented!!

My TV turned on at 4am by itself. So, that was terrifying, especially because I was half conscious, wearing a sleep mask, and it sounded like random people were in my room. I ended up having nightmares.
The front desk apologized profusely and told me they’d refund my stay with points, but the front desk guy spelled my email incorrectly. I’ve called multiple times to clear this up, and no one seems to be able or to care.
So, the hotel is lovely, but they have scary tech issues and not the best service.

Great hotel.  Just had a one night experience. Waterfall shower was a nice touch being a taller man over 6ft.

The staff is very kind and helpful. Sue Holden at breakfast was absolutely the best. She is so helpful. Out of a 1 to 5 we give her a “10”

Great place to stay.

Clean well appointed rooms.

Absolutely loved AC Hill country and can’t wait to come back.  The location was gorgeous, convenient and quiet.  The rooms were very clean and bright.  The Air Conditioner was working and so cold (important for Texans)

Loved the little touches like the Austin “‘music water” in the room and lavender satchels to take for bed.  The European breakfast (INCLUDED) is just what you need- meats breads cheeses and more with nespresso and drip options.

The room top views are a must- check them out.  I only regret not catching the sunset up there- but like I said, I’ll be back.

Very cute hotel in the hill country with great views.  Staff were all friendly and courteous, rooms were clean and comfortable.  It was quiet and peaceful at night.  There’s a little market next to the hotel that’s convenient for snacks and anything you might’ve forgotten.  They have complimentary coffee in the morning in the lobby.  My friend and I had a great stay and highly recommend this hotel.

The buffet at the hotel was absolutely fantastic! The variety of dishes was impressive—everything was fresh, well-prepared, and beautifully presented. From the hot selections to the fresh fruits and desserts, there was something for everyone, and every bite exceeded expectations.

What truly made the experience special was the service. Sra. Francis went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and cared for. She was attentive, kind, and always ready with a warm smile. Her genuine hospitality made the meal not just enjoyable, but memorable.

I highly recommend both the buffet and the outstanding service—thank you, Sra. Francis, for making our experience so wonderful!

The hotel felt very clean and almost like a brand-new property. The room was spotless and overall I was very satisfied with my stay. The pool and fitness center were great, and I especially enjoyed the rooftop bar.

That's amazing! I really enjoy the saty. and   recommend this hotel.

Modern with a European flair. Our room wasn't huge, but a very functional size. Great bathroom and shower. Quiet. Lobby, bar and patio were fun, not even hot in the summer because of a nice breeze. Enjoyed the saltwater pool.

The air conditioning was so loud it woke me up several times in the night. I reported to the desk in the morning and they sent someone right away.

Nothing about it was memorable.  Staff was nice but rooms were average, amenities were average, soaps in shower were poor.  This place exists is the benefit.  Thanks I guess.

I highly recommend the AC Hotel! I was originally working with a hotel closer to my venue, but after struggling to get in touch with them and receiving unfriendly service, I decided to give the AC Hotel a chance—and I’m so glad I did! From the beginning, the team was incredibly helpful and quick to respond.

Jessica Ethridge was amazing throughout the entire process and made sure our guests received their welcome bags. About two weeks before the wedding, we decided to arrange a shuttle for our guests. The hotel handled the last-minute change seamlessly and even provided our cards with pickup and drop-off times for our guests.

We also hosted a fun after-party at the hotel, and it was the perfect way to end the night. Thank you again to the AC Hotel team for being so accommodating and kind—we truly had a wonderful experience!

Amazing staff. Honestly this place is A+
Looking forward to coming back!

We had a great experience at the AC Hotel Austin Hill Country while in town for a weekend swim meet. Holden at the front desk made check-in incredibly smooth and was helpful, professional, and quick to assist with anything we needed throughout our stay.

Sue, who was working the breakfast area, was equally wonderful. She went out of her way to take care of my son’s special breakfast requests with a big smile and an amazing attitude. Her warm personality really made our mornings better.

The hotel itself felt very new and nice. It was clean, comfortable, and well located. But it was the people who made the difference. Thank you, Holden and Sue, for making our stay feel personal and welcoming.

I had a reservation booked for weeks.  After a long day of travel, I arrived at 8pm to find that they have my reservation but they don't have a room for me.  Totally unacceptable!!!  If you are traveling for work or personal, I don't recommend.

The roof top bar has excellent view of sunrises 🌅. The paid breakfast is very good. Both shakshuka and open face toast are yummy good. The yogurt  muesli cup is a must try. The gym is rather small but it had everything you needed. Hotel stuffs are hit and miss. Sue greet some guests by first name(regular?) at the breakfast. Not all guests are greet with bonvoy welcome chocolate and goodies. There are nice Chinese,  Japanese,  and Italian restaurants within walking distance. If I have pick one thing I don't like about the hotel room, it is the open closet.

I have visited this particular hotel several times during my business travels and I have to say that I was always satisfied with the hotel, service and experience in general. The hotel is modern, clean, staff are very friendly and decently competent.

The hotel has beautiful rooftop bar, nice swimming pool and well equipped rooms. The breakfast is inspired by European cuisine and very tasty.

In total I spent around 30days in the hotel and there was not a single major issue. Really the only issue that happened to me was connected hotel’s laundry service. I used laundry service multiple times and once one of my shirts came a bit shrank. It was really just minor issue so I did not even report that. Other time the laundry service was one day delayed compare to original estimation and hotel immediately discounted the laundry service and apologized. I do not really thinks this deserves negative rating as the laundry service is third party service and the hotel is not in full control of it.

I had an absolutely fantastic experience at AC Hotel Austin Hill Country. Check-in was smooth, and I was pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and comfort of the room — it was spotless and had a beautiful view.

The amenities were top-notch. I especially appreciated the gym and the rooftop bar! The location was perfect — close to everything yet peaceful and quiet at night.

They made me feel right at home. I’ll definitely be returning and highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a relaxing and enjoyable stay!

I travel frequently for work and typically choose Marriott properties for consistency and professionalism. Unfortunately, my experience with AC Hotel Austin Hill Country was a total failure from start to finish—and one that has left lasting damage to my trust in the Marriott brand.

I had a confirmed reservation at this hotel, along with two of my employees, for a work trip that required us to stay near our Austin office. Upon arrival, we were informed—without prior notice—that our rooms had been given away. Three out of four members of my team were effectively stranded.

The hotel’s initial solution? A downgrade to a 2-star hotel 16 minutes away. We had to push back to be moved to a more reasonable 3-star option that was only 6 minutes away. Why this wasn’t offered up front is beyond me. We were offered a lower nightly rate and a comped first night, which at the time seemed like a reasonable (though frustrating) gesture.

Then it got worse.

After being told the hotel was fully booked, I watched as two guests checked in right after us.

When we arrived at the alternate hotel, Residence Inn, they attempted to charge $250/night—far above both the advertised rate of $123 and our original AC Hotel rate of $180. So now we’re being pushed to an inferior property and asked to pay significantly more for the privilege?

Then I find out the alternate hotel is pet friendly, and as someone with a severe cat allergy, this becomes a health issue. When I called back to AC Hotel for help, the night staff didn’t offer any solutions. I physically went to the front desk of the hotel I was reassigned to, and I was again refused any meaningful assistance. They insisted on applying the comp night to the hotel that was making me sick, and only offered help in rebooking at standard rates.

Throughout the ordeal, we kept hearing “if a manager were here, this could be handled differently.” Yet somehow, no manager was ever available.

To whomever owns or manages this location: You gave away our rooms, offered poor alternatives, tried to overcharge us, and then left me in an allergy-triggering room without any real attempt to resolve it. This experience was not only deeply unprofessional, it was negligent.

This trip has permanently changed how I view Marriott. I don’t say that lightly.

The front desk staff was incredibly accommodating after a long day of travel.
Location is great for those who need easy access to dining options and activities. The outdoor patio is incredibly relaxing with nice evening sunsets in the distance.

10/10 great service and staff

Holden is absolutely amazing!! Super helpful and extremely patient. Would definitely stay here again if in the area.

This hotel was so pretty, cozy and the people was so kind, specially the housekeeping people, I stayed in till late but the cleaning lady always came back to clean the room, that is definitely appreciated. The outdoors in the hotel are so pretty and cozy. Loved this hotel and will definitely come back. Till next time...

Had a maintenance issue with our room  before checkin but the staff, Amelia, went above and beyond to ensure we were accommodated in an alternate way.  She was very professional and provided the best alternate solution at no cost to our family.  Really appreciate Amelia’s customer service!

We had a great experience at AC Hotel Austin Hill Country. All of the staff is so kind and helpful. Sue specifically went above and beyond to make us comfortable. She is amazing!

This is a super place. We stay here every time we go to Austin.

Just like others have mentioned, the walls are thin and I could hear the couple next door as if they were talking on phone with me. Clear as day. Even when kids run through the corridor, one can clearly hear them. That disturbed my sleep a lot. Even in the toilets, one could hear the water dripping. Another point is that the breakfast isn’t included. Not that I had to pay for it, but I know what my company paid. Honestly, it’s just a fancy hotel with not much facilities. Will move to another hotel that my company has tied up with.

Disappointing experience.  A few issues with this hotel...
- The walls are extremely thin and was a major disturbance to sleep.  I had to call the front desk at 2:00 am after being woken up by noises from the room above me.  This is a major design flaw impacting the guest experience.  If you can't get a good night sleep at a hotel, they've failed at their most important job.
- The hotel does nothing for Platinum members other than standard welcome points.  Marriott brands typically provide breakfast for Platinum members, but this hotel does not
- The price of the hotel is outrageous.  The rooms at $300+ away from downtown are a ripoff + $25 for breakfast.  The hotel also seems to lack an identity - they're trying to go for luxury, modern and business-friendly, yet don't really do any of these well and it's nothing more than a more modern Courtyard by Marriott that's nowhere close to worth the price.  I won't be back

The ambiance, the food and drinks, room service was so hospitable and welcoming. Highly recommended stay in Austin Tx Rolling Hills.  We have stayed at JW Marriott, Gaylord resorts, these Hotels certainly are a higher scale building. However, this Staff has made this the most Memorable hotel stay in I don’t know how long. We live in Houston, we came on a rainy weekend, so we stayed in house. The staff members who we had a lot of interactions with Francis breakfast, Susan the night auditor resolved an issue I  had at 4 am,  and literally stayed talking to her till 5 am, host, Maria and Dunia housekeeping, Holden front desk, we thank you guys dearly. We will be back this Spring and we have already made our reservations here!!!!!!! Because of your immeasurable hospitality…

The rooms are very clean and the staff is very helpful and hospitable, Francys,Dunia,Breafast attendant Holden and Maria and Susan.Very attentive to our needs, you Guys made our stay very memorable. We wish we could take these staff members for every Hotel stay  !!!

Very cool place to stay!
The service staff is awesome. Everything was very clean, and it has a super cool rooftop bar.
It's a great location to explore several restaurants and a movie theater all within walking distance!
Next time I go to the Austin area, I'll be booking an extra day just to hang out!

Place is great!

My family and I LOVEDDDD this hotel!!! We did not want to leave. The staff were so kind and helpful as well. Sue and Frances were friendly and welcoming. Breakfast was absolutely delicious and so worth it! We will definitely be coming back again. This hotel is absolutely beautiful!

Sound proof is horrible

I have for many of my trips have stayed at different Marriott hotels.  Our stay so far at this hotel has been consistent with cleanliness and aesthetically pleasing. What had really stood out has been the service and how attentive the staff has been to our needs. We had a wonderful breakfast with amazing options, particularly the hot food (made to order). FRANCYS was our server and she was so welcoming and attentive. She made us feel as if we were with family over for Thanksgiving dinner.  If I leave with one memorable experience from this place it would be our breakfast with FRANCYS. :)

Let’s start with the best part - the rooftop bar with a great view of the surrounding area. The new wall art there is great and the hotel itself a typical minimalistic AC hotel.

It is located in walking distance to some restaurants and coffee shops, as well as a cinema. EV charging is offered free of charge, plenty of parking either directly at the hotel or in walking distance.

Rooms were clean and neat. Staff was great and supportive. I wish they would honor their elite members and offer breakfast for the price they charge per night. Other properties did in the past as a discretionary reward.

The kind staff, the perfect gym, the beautiful lobby, the easy parking, the hotel room itself... everything made my trip & stay well worth it. Thank you :)

Francys at AC Kitchen was super hospitable and prompt. Kudos to the entire staff including Elizabeth at the front desk for a great stay!

Elizabeth at the front desk is a rockstar. Thanks for helping us with our 10/5 check-in

I like to stay at this hotel when we visit Austin.   It's in a quiet area, but it has a few restaurants and the movies are in the same area.   The staff is nice, the rooms are clean and it also have a rooftop bar.  Nice hotel.

Clean and spacious room. The staff is very good.  Had a great breakfast and our server Francys went above and beyond to take care of us.

My wife and I recently visited Austin for a weekend getaway and decided to stay at an AC Hotel, even though we usually prefer Hilton brands. We were genuinely impressed by the experience. The room was in perfect condition and exceptionally clean. The staff were consistently friendly, always greeting us with smiles in the hallway and lobby. Stephen, the AGM, was particularly welcoming and demonstrated excellent hospitality. This AC Hotel has now become our top choice for future trips to Austin. We’ll definitely stay there again

Great place for a work trip!

Really loved the asthetic and location. The room cleaning could be a little more detailed especially by the sinks and cracks and crevasses. Also the shower floor is super slippy if you have kids be wary. Really enjoyed the front desk staff so welcoming and kind! They make it seem like breakfast is free but it’s not heads up learned that after accidentally taking a piece of bread. The rooftop bar is super nice. Overall would stay here again.

We live very close to the hotel and are (or most likely were based on our latest experience) hoping to use this hotel for all our friends and family visiting.

We booked a room for my dad to stay here last week for 4 nights. We used points to book this stay. After the first 2 nights, my dad had a family emergency and had to check out. We called the front desk and the front desk rep told us that we will be able to get our points refunded for the next 2 nights that my dad was not going to be able to use. After coming to the hotel, I was told by a different front desk person that I was given incorrect information and points cannot be refunded. He told me that in order to get points back, the hotel couldn't do anything and I need to contact Marriott directly. After talking with 2 different representatives from Marriott, I was told that the hotel has given me incorrect information and that the hotel has the option to decide to refund points or deny this request.

All in all, even though this place is closest to our house and we have frequent guests that we put into hotels, we will be looking into booking with other properties.

This hotel has a serious ice issue
No ice out of machines for 4 nights
Room did not get cleaned
Front desk rude
Will not stay here again and we are Marriott members for 23 years!

I booked a room on this hotel for a full week. Unfortunately due to flight delays, I showed up 10 hours later than planned initially.  In these hours, the hotel did not call or emailed me... but sad surprise, they charge me for the whole stay, cancelled my booking and told me once I arriv3d that I had to find a new hotel for the whole week. Sweet.
But even better, I try now for 3 weeks to get a refund. They do not pick up the phone, answer emails or even try to make it happen! I will never advise any of my colleagues to go to this hotel! Too bad !

On July 27th, we checked into this hotel. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful, and the lobby was clean and had a pleasant fragrance. Upon reaching our room on the second floor, we found it to be quite nice initially. However, when I used a small hand towel after washing my hands, I noticed it was stained with what appeared to be black mascara. I decided to overlook this issue.

Later that night, we returned to our room around midnight. After taking a shower, I was about to get into bed when I discovered stains on the bedsheet. Given the late hour, I used a sheet from a comforter set provided in a plastic bag, presumably for the couch, to cover the stained bedsheet and went to bed.

The following morning, as we were preparing to leave, I checked the bed to ensure we hadn't left anything behind. Upon pulling the comforter all the way over, I was horrified to find it stained with blood. This was particularly concerning as neither my partner nor I were bleeding, indicating that the stains were from a previous guest. This situation poses a serious biohazard risk, raising concerns about the potential transmission of diseases. It was deeply unsettling to realize that I had likely been in contact with another person's blood throughout the night.

We reported these issues to the gentleman at the front desk during checkout. He apologized and offered us points as compensation. While I understand this was not his fault, it is imperative that the housekeeping staff address these serious lapses in cleanliness. Despite the overall niceness of the hotel, this experience was unacceptable, and I regret to say that I will not be staying here again.

I didn't stay here. My daughter and grandson were guests.

One of my go-to places to stay in ATX now

This is my go-to place when I visit Austin. The staff and service are always great, and I love that it is in the beautiful southwest part of Austin that I lived in for so many years. Great, quiet location close to downtown and all that you need.

Needed a place to stay in the West side of Austin that had EV charging as a option and this hotel had what I was looking for.  We went for the breakfast option and the food was okay and the service Francessa was excellent.  The food reminded me of breakfasts in Europe, Spain in particular.  Our room seemed a bit rundown, janky toilet seat and loud A/C.  Location was ideal for us as we could get to Wimberly within 35 mins.  Would stay again.

Great service. Visited for a short trip and plan to return. Marshayla, Gloria, Ozzy (front desk) and Angel (bartender) were amazing! I cannot say enough how great their service was. The rooms also stay nice and cool for a great night sleep. The hotel is lovely, I would recommend to anyone staying in Austin.

Had a fantastic time at this very friendly, clean and convenient hotel. Great amenities,  pool,lounge areas  food was very nice.

Breakfast not worth the $22 (extra charge). No continental breakfast offered. 🤦🏽‍♀️

Newer hotel with nice rooms and cool rooftop bar area. The breakfast in the morning does cost money but was very good.

The experience was not great honestly. Despite our request for a quieter room suitable for our little one, we were assigned a room right behind the bar on the first floor. Unfortunately, this location proved to be far from serene, as the noise from live music in the bar and lobby permeated our space for two consecutive nights.
We requested a Pack 'n Play for our infant and were disappointed to find that it's really not clean and has some debris. It also came with a towel that was visibly worn and covered in lint...

Excelente trabajo 👏 👍

Great hotel. Clean, quiet and is a great location.

Les chambres sont vraiment bien. Le déjeuner est un peu cher, genre 20$.j'allais me chercher un tacos et un fruit à la réception, c'était 6$ pour 2 tacos.

Wonderful modern hotel with interior bar and upper floor lounge.  Hotel is in a beautiful setting outside Austin center and the hill country surrounding is wonderful.  Rooms were a bit on the smaller side but bed was comfy and the bathroom was modern.

UPDATED REVIEW Don’t leave anything at the hotel when you leave or you won’t see it for weeks or longer.  After going through a ridiculously cumbersome process to get my property back and paying the expense, the hotel hasn’t bothered to print a shipping label to START the process.  A total joke.

UPDATE after posting the above review I was contacted by a general manager who claimed ignorance of anything, was nasty and unprofessional, now claimed they don’t have my item (computer power charger) and won’t refund the $38.40 i spent to get it back.  Customer dissatisfaction meant NOTHING.

Love it here! Perfect place across from Barton Creek and great if visiting businesses in the local area. Lots of restaurants close. Whole hotel and the rooms are very clean. Nice staff. Funny, I read comments that noise travels through the walls daily and couldn’t believe them… but I’ll confirm it is a bit noisy. Though we were on the first floor since we had our dog with us and the first floor of any hotel is noisy. Won’t prevent us from coming back time and time again.

Excelente atención de Francys en el desayuno ✅ espacio cómodo y agradable así como variedad de alimentos que solucionaron el desayuno . Cerca de una pequeña plaza donde hay supermercado , cine , restaurantes , salón de belleza , barbería y un gym de franquicia .

Service (front desk and at the bar) has been excellent! Had the burger for dinner and it was great! Great location... plenty of nice places within walking distance!

Business trip, excellent location, close to office

Not to far out from downtown,rooms were spacious hotel was clean restaurants  nearby and super friendly staff.

Nice place , friendly staff

I have stayed at hotel before and it is a very nice hotel, very clean, it has a nice restaurant, gym and the location is great. The price was about 160 give or take per night. With that experience I returned on Nov. 4th around 6pm to get room, the person at the desk quoted me $390. Liessss, I left and looked up the prices and they were anywhere from 169-200.

I'm BLACK. Clearly the point was keep me from staying there and I didnt. I told him of the price a paid a few months before and his response was yeah "prices change nightly".  Clearly he didn't think I had sense enough to do my research and report this experience.

So there you have it. I didn't give the hotel a terrible review because it honestly is nice and my Previous experience brought me back. Of course I will never return.

This review is a warning to those who choose this hotel for their wedding weekend, like we did. Prior to letting our guests know where to book, we booked ourselves a skyline view suite for the weekend over 8 months in advance. Around 45 rooms were booked at the hotel for our group, and unfortunately we had a sub-par experience. When we showed up to check into our suite, we were informed that the hotel lost the first night of our reservation and would not have a suite available until the next day. They offered to put us in another room for the night - ok fine, but we had a TON of stuff and needed the extra room to hang my dress, etc. When I came back to the lobby to load more stuff, the hotel staff informed me that they had overbooked suites for the weekend and we would not receive one at all. If it was any other weekend, I would have been ok with it - but this was our wedding weekend and we had filled a considerable number of rooms at this hotel and brought them a ton of business. I also had an email chain (22 back and forth emails in total plus 2 phone calls) with their team ahead of the wedding to make sure everything was set and that things would run smoothly on our weekend at the hotel. One of my bridesmaids had also booked a suite (non-skyline view), so I called her and she agreed to let us take their suite for the weekend, which I felt horrible about. We ended up having the re-book the 4 people who were going to stay in their suite into two other hotel rooms, and it took a considerable amount of negotiation with the hotel staff to get them to match the price of the suite for the weekend for having to get them two new rooms. I spent over an hour at the front desk while trying to check in, and my bridesmaid also spent a considerable amount of time at the front desk when checking in due to the issue. I would have expected the hotel to own their mistake and offer that up right away as a solution. Additionally, I was told that one night of our suite stay would be comped by the hotel for all of the trouble. Upon checkout, we were only given $100 off one of the nights. I visited the front desk and explained what I was told at check-in and was assured that the night would be comped once the manager came in. Days later, no comp.. and eventually we received a call from the operations manager who said that we would not receive a comp because they had to match the price for the additional 2 hotel rooms - which is not what we were told. My husband swiftly pushed back and after yet another call with a different manager the issue was finally fixed. Overall, this was the only thing that went wrong with our wedding weekend.

The hotel itself is very nice, besides a suspicious stain on the bedroom curtains in the suite. I would expect staff to own their mistakes. It makes zero sense to me why the hotel reservation system would allow suites to be over-booked - modern technology is smarter than this. As a couple referring so many people to so many rooms I did expect better service than what we received. Overall it was disappointing, and I would hesitate to use this hotel again for a large event.

Friendly,  friendly,  friendly!!! Clean,  spacious rooms. $25 buffet breakfast option.

I loved thus hotel.  Industrial type of modern and well appointed. The upstairs rooms have a great view. Staff was super focused on our group and even when not in meetings,  the bar/bistro staff were really attentive. Would love to go back.

Great area, restaurants, and shopping.

Great rooms and service. Angel provided fun and excellent customer service and was great help!

The room was ready as we arrived. The room itself was sleek and modern. The buffet far surpassed expectations and the food was phenomenal. Sue, our server, was conversational and so kind. She helped us all throughout and was absolutely amazing. I’d definitely recommend this location.

Location for me is perfect. Less than 10 min drive to my Austin office. When I visit here, this is my go to place. Sue at breakfast is wonderful. Always engaging with guests in a genuine way. Remembers important details from conversations and makes solo traveling start to each day just a bit less lonely.  When I come back this is the place for me.

Las habitaciones son grandes, la cama es demasiado cómoda, el aire acondicionado en la habitación funciona perfecto, el baño es amplio, tienen un bar, la piscina está bien y puedes comprar el desayuno en el hotel o hay muy cerca varias opciones para desayunar delicioso

I am a bit late to leaving my review but better late than never! I had the most amazing experience at this hotel and will be prioritizing this stay each return I have to the city. It’s close enough to the heart of the city, minutes away from incredible and varietal dining options, shops and hikes. I wanted to take my boyfriend to Austin for the first time for his birthday trip weekend and I was able to have him experience true luxury in an unimaginably affordable way. The service from start to finish was exceptional. From booking online, to getting a few questions answered over the phone and even a thoughtful and intentional gesture within our room tailored to celebrating his birthday! Major thank you to Alex Gamez, the rooms operations manager for going above and beyond for not only myself and partner but for all guests who are fortunate to experience a stay here. AC collection hotels are the only ones I stay at when I travel but this particular one has to be my best experience and favorite of all my travels. High recommend!

Super clean rooms and very helpful and friendly staff, AC hotels always do their best to treat you like a valued client/ customer. Will stay here again when I visit Austin

Most beautiful and peaceful ☺️ Marriot yet. Super quiet and well kept! Great pool and clean bathrooms. Breakfast lady is sweet. Fast to bring towels. Just great experience from start to finish. Will be back!

My husband I stayed at AC Hotel Hill Country for almost 2 months. We really had a great experince. All the employees are very kind and responsive. We loved how kind the housekeping team was, but the most joyful and genuis indivuduals were Francis and Sue at the breakfast service.Additionally,  next to this hotel, you can find a cinema and three excellent restaurants for a nice dinner night.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and higly recommend this hotel. Thank you, Kathy & Gaston

This place has a roof, pool and more! 🎉

It is a room. Nothing special. The bar closes ridiculously early and the food is no good at the bar but it is close to the office for me and Carve is close by. Good enough.

Nice rooms and the roof top bar is great

Place is so gorgeous and staff is awesome. Don't forget to check out their bar!

Beautiful location and great view from our room. So clean which is a MUST for me. Lots of fun areas to gather inside and outside. The staff were really helpful when we needed extra pillows and even brought ice to our room when the machine wasn’t working. Would definitely come again!

Beautiful property with rooftop bar. Incredible staff and everyone was very accommodating. Will be booking here again next time traveling here for business.

great views of the hill country landscape. walking distance to movie theater.

A lot of "normal" things missing!! No closet. No drawers. Due to no shower basin lip, shower leaked all over bathroom floor and out into the hallway.

Got put in an expensive HANDICAPPED room and we're not handicapped! It was terrible.

Sound insulation is horrible . . . noises from upstairs continued into late evening. Suggest you ask for top floor rooms.

Marriott has tried to make things right with some credits and rewards points. Much appreciated, but it still stings a bit.

My wife and I stayed in the hotel at the end of April in order to attend a close friend's wedding in Dripping Springs.  I am a Marriott Rewards member, and I initially chose the hotel based upon the location (easy access to downtown Austin and reasonably close to Dripping Springs) and so I could use my points to pay for the stay.  We expected the typical weekend stay/business style hotel.  When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised and impressed with what we found.  The lobby was modern and comfortable.  The staff was attentive and friendly, and the pool was very nice, too.  But, what impressed even more us was the breakfast.  We were told that the breakfast would be $20, so we expected the usual American hotel offerings.  Instead, the breakfast was closer to what you find in Spanish hotels.  The croissants and other breads were fresh and better than grocery store quality, there was a choice of a "Cazuela" (small round ceramic dish used in fine South American cooking) with cage-free eggs, manchego cheese, and prosciutto, and jamon cut from the leg.  The coffee machine was a Nespresso with a good selection of flavors.  The other pleasant surprise was Sue.  Sue is the person who helps with service at breakfast.  She was super helpful and friendly.  She made our whole experience at the hotel better.  My wife and I are certainly not hotel or breakfast "snobs."  However, we do appreciate a place that tries to provide a higher level of product and service.  Those places are rare, and this is one of them.  This AC Hotel has a great location, way better than average pool, and a great breakfast, and it has Sue, who is one of the most friendly and nice people we have met on our travels.  We liked the hotel so much that when we returned to Austin for another event at UT on May 15th, it was the only place that we wanted to stay.

Great food at breakfast, very good service from the breakfast staff, very friendly overall; very surprised at no laundry service …rooms are smallish, but hey no big complaints on that aspect…

Beautiful hotel on a area with wonderful views. Great testutaunts close by and great roof top and lobby bar. I missed not having room service.

Still room for improvements

Dry nice place!!! Great staff! Great bar! Rooftop bar too!

Thank You  AC HOTELS MARRIOT

Great hotel! Opened recently very near to my office (literally across the street).

Lots of restaurants nearby, free and ample parking.

During the pandemic, we moved 100+ miles away and I work mostly remote. This week I needed to spend some long days in the office and this hotel has been perfect.

Gorgeous hotel.

Plus - solid surface floors throughout. Very clean. No carpeting which was nice. Plenty of outlets and USB connectors. So wnstairs, Francis in the kitchen is a delight and had a special omelet made for us and also gave us a muffin to go.

Minus - square toilet with poor fitting seat, exposed porcelain bowl that touches flesh when sitting. Bleck. The seat was slippy too. There was an older person in our party who could have had a fall. The remote/TV is too complicated and slow for response.

Overall we would stay again.

We have fallen in love with this simple beautiful boutique hotel in austin. Our three adult children live there so we travel frequently. We used to stay in downtown but this place is so welcoming and friendly its like we have an apartment or condo in austin.  Kudos  to EVERYONE who works there. The hotel is small enough for employees to get to know you and it seems like they try extra to do just that. Special shout out to Francis and Sue the breakfast ladies. We actually got hugs when we returned for our next visit! Also shout out to Chris the manager for helping me with the silly high tech ice machines and just being nice and helpful every day. I wish I got more names because everyone was so nice. It will be our go to hotel for Austin. Also: very cool coffee shop BlackRock coffee in walking distance. Also Super excellent Restaurant Carve also walking distance. Its a steak place but the fish is also good, try the salt and pepper shrimp! There is a new asian restaurant Ling Wu that has great reviews that is also in walking distance, we were unable to get reservations due to sxsw crowds. The hotel bars also have a limited menu but it is quite tasty with small plate options. Burger is good! Have an outdoor bar on 5th floor with nice views thats pretty popular. Nice pool and back patio with fire pit for cool nights. There is an Alamo Drafthouse nextdoor. Rooms allow you to sign into your streaming accounts. Get to airport in 15-20 minutes, same for dt atx. Get to avoid dreaded I35 by using 71 and 290 to get around.

Stayed with colleagues for 1 week during SXSW in Austin. Hotel is modern and interiors are very stylish. Bedroom was super comfortable, breakfast was delicious. Francis service was the best for breakfast! Thank you! I'd stay here again :)

Great location, service and decor

We had a graduation party at the Hill country location.  It was a great night. The staff made the evening amazing.  Chris Olivares went above and beyond to ensure the night went well. Our only issue was the out of town guests had some trouble finding the hotel. But enjoyed the stay.

Stayed there for a couple of times, very mediocre experience. Room is very noisy with little sound insulation. Can hear left/right/up/down rooms all around either toilet flushing, shower, AC blowing or loud foot steps. In room AC blows like in the middle of hurricane. Cleaning staff knock the door despite having "do no disturb" hanging at the door. Floor is dirty with hairs all over. Front desk staff is rude and lack of training, doesn't know how to greet or serve guests. Food at the bar takes forever to arrive. Marriott Gold for many years. Wouldn't stay again.

The hotel staff went out of their way to take care of my colleagues and I during an ice storm. Excellent service and flexibility to deal with challenging circumstances.

By far my favorite place to stay in Austin.

From the welcoming front desk staff to Sue who was taking down the breakfast area but asked if we wanted anything before she finished, the hotel has been amazing.  Rooms are well laid out and quiet and have a beautiful view if you are on the hill country side. I highly recommend this hotel.  And, again a big thank you to Sue for being so thoughtful and nice.

Beautiful hotel, great management and friendly staff. If you are looking for a "get away" this is the place to do it. Don't forget to check out the Violet Sky rooftop lounge. 💜 I will definitely be coming to stay here again

Nice, new and modern hotel with a lounge on the top floor.
There is entertainment at walking distance too.

Awesome hotel to stay at! The staff is super friendly and accommodating. Clean rooms. I would highly recommend to family and friends. Also go see Sue for breakfast, she is the best. My favorite item was the #1 (open face toast with scrambled eggs).

Outstanding experience, this is our second stay at this property and both times it was as good as it gets. The ac hotel has great proximity to downtown, the wineries and the airport. Very clean and visually appealing place for any length of stay. Chris and the team are customer oriented and have been very helpful. Do not miss the breakfast, it is a highlight of the morning and grab a drink  on the rooftop bar at night.

Chris at front desk was magnificently helpful with general questions & specific details about the hotel. Service overall was way better than expected. Facilities are pleasant throughout. Definite 2 thumbs up! 👍🏻👍🏻
Edited to add: Taj (bartender/waiter in the lobby lounge restaurant) was also really helpful & pleasant... overall just an outsized charming personality.

We recently stayed at your property Thanksgiving weekend - I usually get a review to complete from Marriott but did not get one. My go to are AC hotels - I was so disappointed with so much - especially since the rates are not cheap. When we checked in the hotel was very quiet so I asked for a room facing the hills area - the front desk said all he had was one by the elevator - 328 - I found that odd as there were barely any cars in the parking lot- what a mistake never has anything been so loud. The air conditioning sounds like a plane taking off. Also on our second night the ice machine was still not working on our floor and we called the front desk. He said he would bring some up - he never showed nor did he call. The worst part was on our second day we told housekeeping we would be gone at 10 am to shop so they could clean the room then - we came back to a dirty room at 6 pm - and the excuse was oh we are sorry / that is unacceptable when you pay over 200 a night - definitely not what we expected from the AC - I will think twice about booking at your property again!

We had stayed here recently and it was OK.  We had problem regarding breakfast.  Right on Google map description says FREE breakfast, but they want $20.  It was very unimpressive, we did not drop $20.

Clean. Well designed I'd stay again. Good show!

Súper lindo el hotel la piscina, las zonas comunes, la terraza tiene un bar y hermosa vista. Todo el personal muy cálido te hacen sentir como en casa. Habitaciones amplias y modernas. Parqueadero gratuito. Sin duda alguna me volvería a hospedar. Súper bien ubicado cerca de todo pero sin el ajetreo de la ciudad.

Very clean and updated. Alicia was working the front desk when I arrived and she was very accommodating and kind. Mark was an awesome bar tender and made the night enjoyable.

The property was awesome, from the rooms to the location. We loved the location and close proximity to other activities we had planned for our family weekend.

Cofre is not the Best, host is quite expensive and breakfast not included

Great pet friendly (which is actually pet friendly, not just dog friendly!) hotel. Very clean, upscale and quiet. After a very long day of packing our house and loading a moving container we needed a place to stay with our two cats before starting our very long road trip to our new house in Arizona. We decided on this hotel as it was one of the only in the Austin area that actually allowed cats, had a suite with a door that separates the bedroom from the living room (We love our cats but they aren't allowed in the bedroom when we sleep because they don't understand personal space) and wasn't a budget super 8 type place. It was a little bit of a splurge as we definitely wanted a really nice place for our first night because we were going to be exhausted, and it was going to be our cats first experience staying someplace other than home. Glad we decided on AC hotel, the Marriott mobile key makes it really easy when traveling with pets because you don't need to awkwardly stand in the lobby for 10 minutes when checking in while the clerk types on the computer before giving you a key, you can just use your phone to gain access to the room so you can go straight in. No fuss, less stress on the pets and on their owners.

My only issue, and this is likely just bad luck that we had a room with this issue, the HVAC in the bedroom area wasn't working. There was no air coming out of the vent, the living room area was perfectly air conditioned but unless you kept the door open into the living room the bedroom would get quite toasty as there was no airflow. The hotel was nice enough to send up a box fan which allowed us to blow the cool air from the living room into the bedroom where we were sleeping, but it did mean the cats also had free access and therefore I slept most of the night with a cat on my head. Not ideal, but I still think it's a great hotel in the fact that they don't discriminate against cats the way most hotels in Texas do makes me love it all the more. Thank you Marriott for understanding that pets come in cat form as well (unlike Hotel Granduca which advertised as pet friendly and then after I booked a room, when I was calling to confirm they informed me that they are pet friendly but only dogs so I should just board my cats for the night somewhere 😲🤬)

Very nice new hotel. Front desk was very nice. Great place

Overall my stay was great. The one downside is the breakfast set up. First of all it's $20 a day plus tip, and there is a really wonderful woman running the show, but from a former service worker, I can tell you she is doing the job of 3 different people. A waitress, a food runner and restocker, and a busser. Definitely too much work for one person, and the situation becomes chaotic. You have to eat in the lobby, it's unclear how much food you can actually take...the whole situation was strange.

To summarize it just what you would expect from AC. The check in was ok, I just wish I was told about the hotel, what it has to offer. The room was as clean as you would expect it to be. The bar had a great view out and the evenings spent outside were great. The bar tenders where good and knew how to create a great experience for guests. If your in the area this is the best hotel to stay at in the area. It’s overall easy to get in and out of the city from this hotel without having to deal with the noise of the city when your sleeping. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.

My reservation was initially for 3 nights but after moving from one room due to hair on the sheets and bathroom floor to another room with the same issue, I decided to check out after the first night. Chris and I checked 2nd room before I set everything up in it and as soon as he left, maintenance had to come up and fix the toilet. There was debris in the cracks  and crevices of the room and along the edges of the beds and the side of the towel that I used to step on when I got out of the shower was filthy from the floor. This hotel definitely does not meet Marriots’ standards.

Great hotel as a gateway to the hill country. We have family in Austin and we come down every few months. This will be the only place we stay whenever we come this way. 👍🏼

First class service at this amazing hotel. Everyone from the front desk to the roof top bar are very knowledgeable and accommodating. The management is top notch. I can't wait to visit Austin again and stay at this hotel. 😀

My family and I came for the opening month during Thanksgiving and wow! The staff were nice & professional, the decor/vibe was chic and modern, the manager even asked us for our comments since it was opening weekend. The rooftop bar is nice , only complaint is I believe no jacuzzi.  Great cool hotel though.

Our stay (3 nights) was great!  Very nice and new hotel.  Loved the roof top bar. Good location. The staff was super nice and very welcoming. A special thank to Francys and Sue who managed a very good breakfast.

Excelent hotel! Clean, smells new. Breakfast was supposed to be great, but they ran out of croissants, eggs, milk etc... As platinum member, that was disappointing. Will try them again.

Great hotel and experience very clean and we were able to take our fur baby with us! Excellent service will be staying at again

We stayed at this hotel for my wife's birthday... don't trust what you read ad they charge $19 each for free breakfast they have on the about section of the web page, no laundry services or machines, when I brought this up to manager( Charlotte Tyer ) She basically accused me of lying, unreal I'm very concerned on her ability to manage a hotel, as customer service can make or break you in a business, this was a total fail on her part.. as I'm writing this I see a email by her to have fun on trying to get a resolution, and she will enjoy reading any and all negative reviews, and this is a manager, do not stay at this hotel if you want to be treated right, we pay this woman's salary, very sad

Nice, clean hotel but very little water pressure in the shower.

I left your customer at your hotel for two nights in a row.  I met the kind and understanding Marcel Tijerina at the reception.  I've been to many luxury hotels, but in many I've seen warmth that I haven't experienced.  thank you.

Very nice hotel. Above average clean. Super comfortable beds. Great pillows, great bathroom with monsoon shower heads, and large showers with no nasty shower curtains. Great staff, great location, great pool. The exercise room is drool worthy. Not a single bad thing to say about this place, in fact, they exceeded all standards.

Good hotel, modern, clean.  Location is convenient to airport and other locales in Hill Country.  They boast of a rooftop lounge -- went up there -- empty but with two bartenders, you would think they might solicit for drink order -- nothing, nada, didn't happen.  Which is too bad considering they had a great setting, but service was lacking.

Front desk staff in the morning and evening are very friendly and professional, always willing to answer all questions and needs. Night staff, nowhere to be seen or even over the phone. Room looks clean, however the housekeeping staff just gives the illusion of clean. Floors had lots of debris, specially along the edges. The small rug was full of hair, dust was seen and don’t get me started on the cleanliness of the restroom. Most of the guest here drink at the bar way too much and get loud and annoying. The room next door kept banging on the wall, talking loud and playing loud music. Called multiple times to the front desk and no answer. Travel to Austin due to work and only reason I picked this hotel was because site I work at is 1/4 miles away. This will be my last time I book this hotel. For the cost of the room per night I expect a clean restroom.

I just recently stayed here and HAD to write an amazing review!! I LOVED my stay! The hotel is like BRAND NEW, super clean, luxurious bed rooms! Our beds were soo comfortable! We had an event nearby in Dripping Springs and stayed here as a halfway point between Austin and Dripping as there isn't much in Dripping Springs. Best decision ever. The hotel location is perfect! Out of downtown chaos and clutter and right on the outside of the hill country.

We met up at the rooftop bar and it was SO LOVELY! Spectacular views and the bartenders were kind, helpful and made an effort to get to know our party. On our way back down, we stopped at the outdoor patio by the pool and saw this enormous geode. This hotel gets an A++++ for decor and vibes!!

Lovely hotel.. the staff made me feel so welcome from the minute I entered the hotel. Rooms are clean, nicely decorated, boutique feel unlike the chains were every room looks the same (everywhere on the planet). Looking forward to my stay here!!!

Really nice hotel, easy to get to.

Good

Super friendly staff, loved our stay, Taj at the rooftop bar was amazing.
\

Nice option outside of the City.  There are a few things to do within walking distance for dinner and coffee. I have recommended this place to business colleagues and personal friends.

Made to feel welcomed and comfortable, especially by Sue at the breakfast buffet and Marcello at the reception desk

We can't say enough good things about this hotel. We did our wedding down the road, and the staff was amazing. It's super close to the airport and close to all of the good places to eat in the area. The rooms were well done, with ample power outlets and lighting, and the bathrooms were exquisite!

The staff was more than helpful and made sure we had everything we needed for the trip, and they went out of their way for any special requests we sprung on them. I'd highly recommend this spot for both leisure and business travelers.

Nice, clean hotel with great gym- and pool area and very friendly staff.

Super cool hotel. Located in the heart of Southwest Austin. Pool was super nice! Located by a great movie theater eatery as well as the well known Carve. Did not stay in a room was there for a business meeting. Interesting accommodations for the business meeting as it was in a kitchen area which wasn't business at all.

My friends and I had a Mom’s Night Out at the AC Hotel Austin Hill Country. We had a BLAST! Between the above and beyond service at the front desk and lobby bar (Brian, Jeremiah, and Chris) to the heated rooftop bar with Mexican blankets and drinks from downstairs, all of our girls night needs were surpassed! We also enjoyed our spacious suite to play board games  and jam Selena hits on YouTube while you indulged in yummy snacks from the small market in the lobby. We will be returning for our next mommy getaway, and this time in the summer to take a dip in the very inviting swim deck and poolside  cabana. Did I mention the beds? SO comfortable… and the SHOWER!!! OMG! Highly recommend!

I loved everything about this hotel. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful with local recommendations. The hotel is beautifully designed and the views are lovely. The room was spacious, clean, and very modern. My only complaint is the shower wasn't scorching hot like I prefer and the sheets were a little rough. I'd still return.

The AC Marriott in Austin Hill Country is new and has a very fresh clean design. The restaurant and both bars (yes, two of them) were nice with friendly service. I will definitely stay here again when I'm back in town.

Staff was very friendly and happy to help. Place was clean and updated. Will definitely be back.

Great space!

My go to hotel for all future stays in the Austin area!  Located just outside of the main hustle/bustle of Austin proper, minutes from south Lamar area, downtown and SOCO - beautiful setting in the foothills of the hill country!  First - the staff is Outstanding - Chris, Jeff, and Jeremy all are incredibly professional, friendly, super attentive & truly want you to have a relaxing, comfortable and fun stay! The hotel itself - beautiful open lobby, large outdoor patio, pool and a trendy, lively stylish roof top bar that is a great place to hang out!  Thanks for a great stay!  I was able to take care of the business I was in town for and spend a little time over Thanksgiving with my kids.  You are the go-to hotel for me!

The manager on duty when we checked in was the absolute best ever! Thank you Christopher  Olivares! This is a great hotel! Rooms were very comfortable and very clean. Couldn't ask for more.

As always great staff!

Wow! What a Hotel. This place is completely comfortable. Warm sounding and awesome people! This is a,, make yourselve at home kinda pad, ya'll. Just come on in take your coat off and see what I am talking about, " its worth it"!

This new AC is fantastic... My new fav.

Beyond best Hotel set-up; the staff from top end management to their wait staff are Absolutely Stellar. They have set a new standard for me. Thank you all!

@Darren Sharkey, your mistaken because this place isn’t even open yet.

Canceled my reservation without cause a few days before my trip. I made the reservation back in May so I suspect they canceled it to sell at higher rate due to demand for the F1 race. Because of the last minute cancelation we ended up having to book a hotel in New Braunfels due to no availability anywhere near Austin.

Someone rated this hotel 5-stars? I am pretty sure it is NOT open yet!

The hotel was great ! perfect location but specifically the staff! Valeria at the front desk made our stay memorable! thank you for everything!!!

Very friendly, made our stay incredibly nice.  All staff members are very helpful and accommodating.

Let me say, this is a convenient hotel to visit a UT student. It has a mininimalist design but has a quality gym and is connected to the sister hotel, with a rooftop pool and bar. Great view of the city

Stayed at AC Hotel Austin-University and had a really good experience. The hotel was nice and accommodating throughout my stay. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and well-kept, and the area was quiet, which made it easy to relax. It was also great that the hotel is pet-friendly.

The staff was really nice throughout my stay. Dylan at the front desk was especially helpful with a situation I had, and I really appreciated how professional and accommodating he was. Overall, I’d definitely stay here again.

The AC Hotel Austin university is the best! Very clean rooms and the front desk is so welcoming and helpful. Dylan provided me with stamps for letters I had to mail. Thank you AC team'

Dylan was so kind and welcoming. He went above and beyond. Extremely personable! All of the staff greets you every time you walk in and is extremely friendly. Rooms are beautiful and clean as well!

Location is great and this could be a great hotel if you are a solo traveler.  I have stayed in other hotels with a more open concept to the bathroom but at least there was a curtain you could use for some privacy.  This bathroom is completely open and if someone in the room is sleeping or enjoying tv the bathroom only has a mirror separating it from the bedroom so the light literally shines on the person in bed. The bathroom door doesn't even completely close so you might as well leave the door open. And be careful parking in the garage, took 20 minutes for us to get out because the keys would not work. Even went back in told reception and she said she fixed the key and she did not. We had to go back in a second time when we found a valet guy who let us out. There was even another guest having the same issue. All the front desk said was sorry and there was nothing they could do about the inconvenience. Received an email shortly after my stay removing the charge for the garage which was a nice gesture and greatly appreciated.

Beautiful hotel! Dylan was very helpful and kind. Def recommend. We <3 Dylan!

Dylan at the front desk was so awesome. He was very nice and answered all our questions. He even gave us a couple drink vouchers to celebrate our anniversary !
Thanks again Dylan!

We bumped into Dylan in need of some room service. He has the courtesy to tend to our needs instantaneously. Seriously commend his attentiveness. Thank You!

Loved my current stay so far. Dylan at the front desk has been such great support during my stay. Truly exceptional service, cleanliness, and professionalism.

I’ve been staying here long-term, and I have to say Dylan at the front desk has made such a difference in my experience. Every time he’s working, he goes above and beyond without hesitation. He’s genuinely kind, incredibly hospitable, and always makes you feel welcome the second you walk in.

What really stands out is how professional and knowledgeable he is, he always has answers, offers help before you even have to ask, and handles everything with such ease. You can tell he truly cares about the guests and takes pride in what he does.

He’s exactly the kind of person you hope to see at the front desk of a hotel. Dylan sets the standard.

Dylan at the front desk was amazing from the moment we walked in. Friendly, attentive, and just made everything feel easy. You can tell he genuinely cares about guests having a great experience. He went above and beyond for us.

Dylan and Mario were amazing! They made us feel comfortable and welcome. And helped us get on the internet! They were amazing! Give them a raise!

Dylan Torres was great help

Dylan at the front desk is gold! He was helpful and courteous, and just a delight to meet, after a busy day traveling from New York. Dylan quickly resolved a reservation complication and was the best start to my Austin trip! I will certainly stay here again, as the room was very nice, and hopefully I will get to see Dylan at the front desk again!

If your staying in downtown this was a pretty solid location. Rooms were clean and staff was very generous.

Great location on UT campus/downtown. Walking distance from food and stores. Room was very clean, soft beds, professional and considerate staff. Highly recommend.

My stay at the AC Hotel Austin Downtown was absolutely fantastic. From the moment we arrived, the valet team set the tone—quick, professional, and genuinely welcoming.

What really stood out was the kindness and attentiveness of the staff throughout our extended stay. They went above and beyond—helping deliver ice, coordinating laundry pick-up, and even sharing great local food recommendations that made our trip even better.

The location is also a huge plus. It’s within close proximity to so many great spots, making it easy to explore Austin without hassle.

Overall, it was a seamless and comfortable experience, and I would absolutely stay here again. Highly recommend!

First time at an AC hotel. Service was exceptional and room was well appointed. Fitness room was very good, one of the better ones I have seen. Valets were very helpful with general information as well.

Jacob was so nice! Helped with our valet! Such a lovely hotel, loved the records in our room!!

Best hotel staff I've encountered in years – absolutely outstanding!
I stay in hotels constantly for work and rarely feel compelled to write a review, but the AC Hotel Austin-University is genuinely exceptional. The staff are so accommodating, helpful, and warm – Key in particular was an absolute delight, like having a cool friend looking out for you the whole stay. They actually try to help you at every turn rather than looking for reasons to say no. The hotel is also dog-friendly which is a huge bonus. A fantastic base for exploring Austin!

Jacob was great and always nice and fast to get us our car! Awesome experience

Jacob and Nick were amazing and super helpful, they responded to our requests timely and were incredibly polite.

Jacob was a wonderful valet. Very courteous and friendly. Professional and helped us.

Jacob was so kind and helpful. A joy in the early morning.

Simply because the parking is outrageously overpriced….

jacob did was very nice. always remembered my name! give him a raise!

I stay in a lot of hotels for work and I rarely ever say this but the staff was amazing! They are so accommodating and helpful! Key was especially sweet and accommodating. She was like a cool girlfriend to me and my coworkers! I feel like a lot of hotel staff enjoy telling you no every chance they get. Not this place!  They really tried you help you out as much as they can.

The hotel is dog friendly but so is the staff! However, there aren’t a lot of proper green spaces where I felt like my dog was allowed.

The rooms were small but newer with large windows. However, the parking in their parking garage was pricy. There was a cool rooftop bar next door at the Otis that we had access to as well. If and when I come back to Austin for work, I’d definitely consider staying here again.

Hope this helps someone decide if they want to book.
Beautiful location, exterior, and lobby.  Free and safe parking.  No free breakfast or guest perks.  Rooms were clean but the housekeeping leaves the trash can on the tables and top of the toilet.  No hot water in room 103 and extremely low shower pressure.  The bar is on the 5th floor but you have to ride in an extremely slow and small elevators.  The view at the bar is nice but the drinks are small and expensive.

Everything was great and our valet Jacob was helpful!

5 stars all around! The rooms were really clean and so neatly put together, their housekeeping does a great job. Service was exceptional, I wish I had gotten the names but all the boys at valet were so professional and kind. They always held the door open for me, they would open the car doors for me even if it was a rideshare I had called or I was getting out of a friend's car and wasn't using the valet service. Also, Lala at front desk was so sweet in checking me in and helping me navigate the hotel. When I checked out they even offered me water for the rest of my trip, which was exceptional! And the location is great, close to campus and the conference center, I'd definitely stay here again.

Jacob was a pleasure! As was everyone else! Really quick service and everyone was so kind

Jacob and Trent at valet were awesome

Jacob was the best valet attendant

Great experience and good time. Valet was awesome too, Jacob is professional and good

First class service from Jacob and everyone we encountered during our stay!

Was a great stay, Jacob with Valet went above and beyond to make it that much better. Highly recommend.

From the front desk to Kat at the bar and Jacob the valet, our service was impeccable. We love this place!! The turntable in the room was so fun, we will be back 👏👏👏

Jacob and Andrew were fantastic!

Stayed at AC Hotel Austin-University Area on a recent business trip and it fit the purpose well.||I had a high-floor room that felt quiet, private, and comfortable for one person. The style is modern and minimal, similar to an Aloft hotel. Clean layout, efficient use of space, and easy to settle into if you need to get work done.||This is not really a vacation-style property. It feels more geared toward business travelers or short stays where you want a calm environment to focus. I was able to work from the room comfortably without distractions.||The staff was consistently kind, professional, and helpful, which always elevates a stay.||Location is another plus. It is close to UT Austin and within walking distance or a short ride to many restaurants, making meals very convenient.||Overall, a solid choice for solo business travel if you value simplicity, functionality, and a good location.

Stayed at AC Hotel Austin-University Area on a recent business trip and it fit the purpose well.

I had a high-floor room that felt quiet, private, and comfortable for one person. The style is modern and minimal, similar to an Aloft hotel. Clean layout, efficient use of space, and easy to settle into if you need to get work done.

This is not really a vacation-style property. It feels more geared toward business travelers or short stays where you want a calm environment to focus. I was able to work from the room comfortably without distractions.

The staff was consistently kind, professional, and helpful, which always elevates a stay.

Location is another plus. It is close to UT Austin and within walking distance or a short ride to many restaurants, making meals very convenient.

Overall, a solid choice for solo business travel if you value simplicity, functionality, and a good location.

Everything was great! Jacob, the valet attendant, was great and went above and beyond!

These look like they must have at one point been motel rooms bc the sink is right in the room.   They are a less-nice TownPlace suites.  It feels like a hospital room.

I can’t wait to leave.

Jacob at valet was awesome!

Jacob and Andrew were great!

This was probably one of my favorite hotels I’ve ever stayed at! The staff there are so friendly and helpful. I’d had a series of flight delays that led to me missing my first night at the hotel, and Yanni was so helpful in getting my reservation updated last minute. She definitely made that the easiest part of the entire debacle! Once I got there, check-in was a breeze, and the entire stay continued to be full of considerate staff, great amenities, and easy access to the area! If I’m ever in Austin again, I’ll definitely be staying here!

Jacob and Andrew at the valet were fantastic!!!   Amazing service!!

Jacob & Noah were great valet. All the front desk staff were wonderful.

Jacob provided excellent Valet service! Thanks!

Jacob was very nice, super helpful. Great attitude and a smile! 10/10

Jacob in valet went over and above!!
Loaded my bags and took my trash all with a smile!

Noah, Jake and team are crushing it. Well done gentlemen. Great service!

Saul and Jacob were the best at the valet!!

Jacob at the valet is super helpful!

Special thanks to Jacob at the valet and everyone at the front desk! Also the bar and the food was great!

Valet is super freaking awsome! Jacob rocks!

Jacob was great.

Nice room and hotel. Staff very friendly. Jacob the valet was super nice and helpful with our car too. Thank you!

Fantastic experience! Honorable mention for Jacob at valet, he was professional and so helpful during our stay.

From valet to room service and housekeeping, everything at the Otis was amazing. Abigail at the front desk and Jacob at the valet both went above and beyond to make our stay perfectly relaxed and seamless.

Jacob & Andrew Valet were awesome!

Jacob was awesome at the valet

This hotel looks decent, but it is definitely not worth the price. My boyfriend and I stayed here to ring in the New Year together, paying almost $400 per night for two nights, which was extremely disappointing for what we received.

The room was very small, and although we booked a king-size bed, the bed in the room was clearly a queen-size. Parking was another major issue. We arrived in separate cars and were told by the front desk that parking would be $50 for the entire stay. That turned out to be untrue. We were charged $50 per night per car, totaling an extra $200 just for parking over two days.

What really ruined the experience was the misinformation. We were told we could watch the New Year’s fireworks from the hotel balcony, which was one of the main reasons we stayed. That was completely false, there was no view at all. Had we known, we would have driven downtown to watch the fireworks, but instead, we missed them entirely.

Overall, there was consistent misinformation throughout the stay, and for the price, the experience was not even close to worth it. I would not recommend this hotel.

Loved our trip to the AC hotel and UT Austin. Jacob and Andrew with valet were very helpful and friendly. Will definitely stay here our next trip to Austin!

Jacob & Tony were very helpful @ the Valet

Jacob was a great valet

Valley service from Jacob,  and the entire team really,  was fantastic! I highly recommend.

Jacob was great an very helpful with loading our things up upon check out!

Excellent valet service Jacob is the bomb always there to help

Breakfast expensive.
Good service. Clean room. Good location.

My stay at AC was exceptional. Trent was working the front and is an absolute rockstar. It was New Year’s Eve, he was busy and managed to keep his demeanor upbeat and went above and beyond. Would stay at this location again just because of his service. That aside the location was clean and tidy. My only feedback would be to keep the bar open a little later than 11:00pm but otherwise great.

Valet service from Jacob was wonderful. Clean rooms and restaurant Acre 41 was great.

Everybody was fantastic. Jacob, the valet driver, was exceptional.

Jacob at valet was extremely kind and helpful!

This was our first time staying at the hotel and absolutely loved it! The staff were so nice and had great service. The steakhouse inside the hotel was delicious and had a great bar. The valet service was swift and Jacob went above and beyond to load our bags and grab some water for our kiddos. Overall 10/10 experience.

Had very nice, modern room with great service. Room included drink fridge and coffee maker, ice and microwave were available in snack area. Note you enter ground floor at The Otis hotel, and take elevator up one floor to check in at the AC. The Otis and AC share some services and there was a hotel restaurant and bar on ground floor, and a rooftop pool with bar restaurant open in the evenings both at The Otis, which were available to AC guests. There wasn’t a business center, but I could email documents to be printed to the front desk, and there was a library area and work table available. Parking is expensive, but the area is very walkable and close to many restaurants, campus, shopping and a Target. Trent and Mikayla were very helpful.

Jacob was ahhmazing!!!

Jacob valet did a great job

Jacob took great care of our vehicle. One of our favorite places to stay in Austin!

The rooms were great and the valet was speedy! Jacob was especially helpful!

Great service, super clean and chic rooms, friendly staff. The valet was very helpful the entire visit, especially Jacob. Will be back!

Loved it!

Stay left much to be desired. Several aspects are incongruent to other AC properties. There was nothing grand about the entrance to the property. Having to travel up two separate elevator banks was an annoyance. Once you finally reach the elevators to rooms, they all possess an odd mildew odor. The room did not feel clean and did not have enough towels. I could not interact with staff or request services via the app, which was another annoyance. Valet services the adjoining property. the Otis, therefore wait times are delayed. Staff were friendly but sadly that was clouded by all other aspects of the overall experience. Also worth noting is that all of their amenities require you to walk over to the Otis. Seems as though I should’ve saved myself the time and booked the Otis.

We had an amazing time in this hotel. We were celebrating my wife's birthday, and Yani, Sarah, Mercy, Trent, and Derek all sent her a birthday card. Complimentary wine and chocolates were sent to our room as well. 10/10 experience.

Jacob at the valet was GREAT!

Jacob , Andrew and George were so kind and helpful!!!!

My stay here was awoke reception was perfecty friends love the bar and restaurant. Cleaners were courteous and nice. Great customer service.

Very nice gentleman Pratik. Excellent work

Great service from Pratick and friends

Had a wonderul stay!

Loved the vinyl records and the spa treatment!

I rarely leave reviews but I was provoked!

The customer service was TOP TIER!

From the valet to front desk, food & beverage, to the AC roof top… everyone was stellar.

The room was a bit small but well appointed and immaculate.

I want to give especially gratitude to Victor in Food & Beverage for making sure my plant/based needs were met. VANESSA, the bartender on the rooftop was a gem— so patient, efficient, and delightful! Pratik at the front desk was amazing as well as the oh so gracious KEYANA and Victoir.

Very, very friendly and hospitable staff team here across all their services. My first time at this particular dual brand and there is a lot to like about the concept which includes three bars that each have a different spirit they focus on. I liked the open, light-filled style of the room, although some folks might prefer a little carpet in the room for more comfort, and a more comfortable chair if u have to spend much time working from ur room. There are lots of casual and affordable places to walk to around here, but if u want a higher end experience you should simply try their  restaurant as it’s top notch. Next time I’ll try the adjoining hotel for the full experience. PS - I like the quiet breakfast area and its light options w solo coffee machine, but there is no espresso beverage options that I came across as they have at some of there other brands that is nice if available.

Great hotel. Friendly reception staff. No charge for bottled water and it's readily available at the reception which is excellent.
The elevator system is a little confusing as you need to take two elevators to reach your room!
The pool is shared with Otis Hotel and was a bit overcrowded, so decided to skip that.

For partik

Paatik

PRATIK IS THE BEST FRONT FESK GUY

Excellent service by pratik. Stay was beautiful.  Pratik is a star and he deserve recognition.  He helped me with luggage and billings. He is the best .

Summer was so great at the bar!

Summer was awesome

Mr Pratik was very helpful and polite. I loved my stay here.

Prateek was awesome. Nice hotel. Nice vibes. Clean!!

Pratik, was amazing and accomodating.

Partik is a Guest service personnel and he is AMAZING.he did his due diligence with us as well as others definitely a 10/10 customer service rate would definitely recommend this hotel and HIM for your Austin stay #ask4PARTIK.

Pratik is very good and helpful, we family have very good feel stay a woundful night at AC hotel

I initially booked one night but thanks to the hospitality shown by Pratik I decided to extend my stay. Great experience. I will return!

Pratik and Key at the front desk were amazing. They truly made me feel like I was visiting friends who were making the trip all about me.

Excellent service from Pratik, much appreciated. Managers please look upto him he is a gem

Jacob, Roman and the entire staff were remarkable!
Service fantastic, food phenomenal, beds comfortable with a great view and exceptionally clean. Had a car issue leaving and Jacob and Roman went out of their way to help us! By far the best stay my wife and I have had somewhere.

Very excellent hotel service beyond measure from your wonderful front desk staff Pratik . He Welcomed me and my family politely and courteously. Answered our questions and took care of our needs. Secured accommodation for us within a short period of time. I highly recommend him for an award and promotion from whoever is the boss and in a position to recognize him for outstanding service and stewardship. I will recommend anyone looking for the best hotel in town to this hotel just because of Pratik.

Pratik is very kind, caring and attentive. He made our stay memorable. Thanks for making our stay fun!

I am so impressed and overwhelmingly satisfied and proud of Pratik . His politeness and courtesy is beyond comprehension. I recommend him for a good promotion . I will recommend friends to use this hotel going forward. The front office director please consider this.

Positive: Location Negative: ""

Some of the friendliest most accommodating staff at both the AC and the adjoining Otis hotel.  Any issue was taken care of, any reasonable request was granted.  Prete was super friendly and helpful as were all the desk folks.  Rooms were clean. View was terrible - back of a building and dumpsters. Gym was meh. Acre 41 restaurant and bar was good.  Bartenders made high level drinks.  Great bourbon selection.  Staff including the valets were always offering cold water.  We stayed for college move in and the staff made a high stress situation so much better.  Good location - near UT campus too.  Five stars for the consistent effort.

Great location for West University, large underground parking (valet/standard), and walking distance to business campus surrounded by students residential and dinners, in a safe neighbourhood

Outstanding experience overall. I want to recognize Jacob who provided personal care and great energy with each interaction!!

AC is great! Summer is awesome at the AC bat.

Positive: The location and the property amenities, restaurants, and room service Negative: The only thing that could have made it better was a rug. But I felt it was clean and had what I needed for my stay. Good value!

Andrew and Jacob were amazing during my stay!!

AJ was very polite and welcoming. He made our stay even better. We’ll definitely come back

My only complaint is they sell day passes to the pool to the public, and it was a different kind of crowd at the pool.

This is a great place for friends and family.  This is our go-to place for our trips to Austin. Our daughter lives there with grand son, and they enjoy visiting us when we stay at the AC. It's a classy place for everyone.

Andrew & Jacob at valet were awesome!

We had a wonderful experience at the Otis. The restaurant was fabulous and the roof top bar was to die for! Our valet, Jacob went above and beyond to make our experience top notch.

I’ve stayed here multiple times for work. Service was and is always top notch!! Always welcomed with top notch concierge service, especially when greeted by Key & Trent!!

Key was fabulous!! Amazing customer service.

Check in was pleasant and Pratik was so helpful!
Restful stay . Very clean. Comfortable beds.

Jacob at valet was great! Very attentive

Great staff.

Buena ubicación
Buen servicio

Charity five stars because im a bonvoy guy and this was a "boys trip" with my dad and brother.  The last ac I stayed at was the outpost in the gaslamp district in San diego.  Ive said it before and I'll say it again, there's nothing wrong with a minimalist corporate chain hotel, anyone who has traveled in small town uk/eu will tell you that even lower level American chain hotels beat most of what's on offer in other parts of the world.

This spot shares a building with the Otis.  The entry is lame, you have to go up one elevator and then a second elevator after the lobby.  Lame.  Unless im in New York or London there should be no reason for that.
Front of house ssrvice was very good, well mannered indian dudes, who im seeing on offer these days all over the country (portland, boston, san francisco in past year(not a problem or a complaint).

Room was what you'd expect at an ac. Housekeeping was well meaning but not particularly effective,  they missed their cleaning window (8 am to 4pm) 2 of 3 days and showed up knocking at 5 pm when I was in the shower getting ready for dinner and I actually had to explain to them in Spanish that they had to come back when we were at dinner.   I think they are probably just understaffed.

Didn't try the bar or feeding area, both of which looked sad and uninspired.  Pro tip is park in the neighborhood and save the 50 dollar a day(!) Parking fee.  50 dollars for parking in Austin?  Get out of here.

Its the university area but austin is small enough that it doesnt matter where you stay, imo.

Jacob at valet was great

The hotel is good, it's near campus. The receptionist Pratik is friendly!!

I attended a work conference this week and I stayed at the AC Hotel, Austin, TX from Monday through Thursday. The staff went above and beyond—everyone was respectful, polite, and incredibly attentive. They did an outstanding job accommodating our large group with warmth and efficiency. The rooms were spotless and very comfortable, and the hotel itself is absolutely beautiful. I had a fantastic experience and truly appreciated the level of service throughout my stay.

Loved the experience with Jacob at the valet!

Have had a great stay at Otis AC! Thanks to Jacob, Shania, K.D, and Makayla for making it extra special. They really made us feel special and welcomed in Austin. They had great recommendations around the area and were very accommodating with our needs. Jacob was really quick with our car pick up as well!

My stay at the AC was quite good overall. I did have an issue with a canceled flight that caused me to miss my first night, and since I virtually checked-in I was out the cost of that night; over 10+ years with Marriott and this is the first time I had learned virtual check-in is not a good idea.

However, I arrived the next morning and my check-in with Key was fantastic. She did everything she could within her abilities to help elevate my stay, especially since I was out a night of stay. Her friendly and bubbly personality was very welcoming and great in the mornings and afternoons while there.

Also a delight in the mornings was breakfast with Brme (apologies if I misspelled his name). His prompt service and personal attention was fantastic. I also thoroughly enjoyed my conversations with him. He has a great future in sales and hospitality.

I stay on avaerage at least 5 days a month in various Marriotts and these two were standouts! Hopefully the Marriott group also notices this and not just the franchisee.

Jacob at the valet was fantastic and attentive to all my needs. Great valet team!!!

Jacob is amazing! Top notch service!

Jacob and Jorge at valet were great!

Pratik is an amazing host.  He makes you feel at home.

Very nice and cozy hotel. Wonderful room with big window. Parking under the hotel, very convenient. Beautiful rooftop with pool. Friendly and helpful staff, Mr. Pratik was very nice.

PRATIK WAS THE BEST AMD SO HELPFUL- wonderful stay

Valet was great, super helpful!

Great stay! Helpful staff. Beautiful place. Pratik was kind and helpful

Pratik was very accommodating. The room was very hot. I don’t think the AC is working at his full capacity. I didn’t particularly like that. The breakfast bar is closed on the weekends but I get it. Pratik did advise me to go to 41 acres to grab coffee. Staff has been pretty accommodating

This hotel was an excellent stay for my business trip. The staff were fantastic including and especially  Pratik and Key.

Everyone was wonderful, especially Pratik.

I received the most amazing customer service from Pvatik at the front desk.  There was an issue with room and tax being charged to me rather than my company.  He quickly fixed the issue and was very kind and patient.   I love this hotel and I will be back.

The location is great and room was wonderful! The front desk was always ready to help and offer suggestions—especially your employee, Key, she checked me in and helped get me my room earlier than expected. She was so friendly and helpful!

Jacob the Valet was awesome!

Jacob was awesome!

The atmosphere is relaxing and location is perfect. Confusing entrance tho. Pratik at the front desk was very friendly.

Appreciated service from Pratik.

Pratik was very helpful, after telling him I found spriders he told me he would try to resolve the issue.

Pratik, was helpful, resourceful to my needs and made my stay enjoyable.

Jacob the valet is great .. they all are super helpful great hotel!

My husband and I had a great stay at The Otis. The service was amazing from check-in to check-out. We spent time at the bar, Chad was super attentive, engaging and made great drinks. We loved that valet was available 24/7 so even if we had a late night there was someone available to bring out vehicle back. And Jacob with valet was quick to have an our vehicle ready at check out and enthusiastic to ensure we had everything we needed to take off. Overall this is a spectacular hotel to stay during your visit to Austin! Highly recommend and would return.

Horrendous service! Was charged a separate parking fee at check out after being told otherwise at check in. And all they had to say was "SORRY FOR THE MISCOMMUNICATION" and got charged the $50+ fee. Would recommend ANYWHERE ELSE but here.

It was amazing. Pratik deserve recognition he is the best please give him the dues he desrve

The valet Jacob was very helpful

The hotel is very nice and clean however the parking is very expensive (60 usd).
Pratik was super nice and helpful!!

Our stay at AC was comfortable and all the staff provided great service especially from Mercy and Jacob!

Jacob has been really super professional.

❗️BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS ❗️I have been to many hotels in and out of the country and to say this was the worse experience I’ve ever had. They have BED BUGS. They would not even come in my room to check and took 3 days to run labs all to say they found nothing. They did offer me another room but I was not allowed to take my luggage because they said it was “contaminated” but yet they would not give me a refund. Over $600 So be careful. If I could give them a negative review I would have.

Jacob and Sahool were great valets, thank you!

Anniversary trip with my wife. We usually stay a bit more south in downtown. This is by far our favorite hotel!  The Otis is awesome!  From the time we hit the door, to the time we left. Everyone took very good care of us. We would like to especially thank:  Jacob, Saul and Andrew - valet
Mario - bellhop
Emmy, Josh and Chad - Lobby bar
Lena & Kiana - front desk
Melissa & Chantel - pool bar
Book your stay here!  Laid back vibe, very clean property and it smells great!!  You’ll understand when you hit the lobby!  We’ll be back again soon!

❗️BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS, BEDBUGS ❗️I have been to many hotels in and out of the country and to say this was the worse experience I’ve ever had. They have BED BUGS. They would not even come in my room to check and took 3 days to run labs all to say they found nothing. They did offer me another room but I was not allowed to take my luggage because they said it was “contaminated” but yet they would not give me a refund. Over $600 So be careful.  If I could give them a negative review I would have.

Room was small but decent - amazing service by Pratik (the front desk)

pratik was awesome!

Excellent had great time

Jacob at valet was awesome!

Pratik is very kind and professional. Stay was clean very nice . Restaurant is very good acre 41. Waiter was very too. I would come back. But pratik stand out. He is the best. Please note down .

Great location and service. Pratik is excellent and friendly.

Pratik was excellent! Very helpful and nice guy, he went out of his way to accommodate our room change requests on the busiest weekend of the year (university graduation) smiling all along!

This was a great experience. Beautiful rooms, amazing customer service. KD check us in and welcomed us with complementary drink tickets. The Valets-Jacob and Saul, were always ready with our car. If you’re visiting Austin, you should definitely stay at The Otis Hotel.

Well located, near the university. In the front  You can find different options for food on in the receptionist area there's a good place for food and socialize.

Very nice hotel staff!
The hotel itself leaves something to be desired in terms of room size, bathroom privacy and parking accessibility.
I would recommend only staying if you are there visiting something within immediate walking distance (college, etc)

I spent two nights at this property in May, 2025, while attending a board meeting in Austin. I normally stay in grander/more expensive hotels, but this was a group booking for us all, and, in fact, I was delighted by the hotel. It feels very new, and the rooms are in good condition, and very well designed for what they are.||There is a 'simple' breakfast offering and bar, but there is also the grander bar/restaurant of the Otis Hotel, which is the 'other half' of the AC, and one can eat and drink there, charging to one's room in the AC. That's a great advantage.||But the best thing about the AC was the quality of its staff. I had an issue with some laundry not being delivered back on the same day, which had some potentially challenging implications. The front desk staff were universally kind and supportive, and ran the extra mile to try and resolve this before I checked out for a morning flight (and they managed to do so!), which I really appreciated. (And just to be clear - the fault was entirely that of the external laundry.)||So I recommend this place strongly, if it is the style and price point of hotels you consider/like.

Jacob and Andrew were great at valet. Bar and service was phenomenal

Jacob with valet was awesome!

Thank you Jacob! You really made this easy and service with a smile to match! 10/10

Great experience and pratik was very nice and attentive (:

Pratik, Mercy & Yanni were all amazing! AC location is great for UT. Comfortable rooms.

Good location. Incompetent unprofessional sloppy staff. Unreliable wifi. Food is edible but even that assessment is being generous. If staying in this area I recommend the AT & T conference center (the Carillion is fantastic, amazing staff and food over there)

Good location. Unprofessional incompetent staff. Unreliable wifi. If staying in this area, I recommend the AT & T conference center.

Had an amazing check in and out experience with Pratik! He goes above and beyond to show hospitality to every customer?

Pratik helped me multiple times and was SUCH a joy. I traveled to Austin for work (i work in customer experience and hospitality) and was nothing but impressed with his professionalism and attention.

Jacob with valet is amazing, very friendly, attentive, fast and helpful!

Jacob at valet was great!!!

The hotel was very accommodating with my late check in. Pratik from the front desk was especially helpful with my luggage and check out process. He greeted me and other guests with a contagious smile which is exactly what I needed in this very early morning!

Pratik was absolutely fantastic. I love this hotel and can’t recommend it highly enough. Hope to return soon!

We've stayed here many times visiting our daughter at school. We love it because it is close to her, the food is great, the lounge areas are chill and the rooms are really nice too.

Positive: great staff and location|Negative:  as others have indicated, the room design is a textbook case of "what were they thinking".  It works only (maybe) for the solo traveller. The bathroom is essentially incorporated into the bedroom. It is impossible to take a shower without flooding the bed with light, so you will wake up your roommate. The shower door does not completely close, so you will get the room wet. The toilet is separated from the room by just a sliding door (you can guess all the reasons why this is a bad idea).||Much as I appreciate the stuff, I will avoid this property in the future. I recommend you do the same unless you are a solo traveler

Pratik was amazing and helped me with an extended stay.

The Valrt service is here was very good, always returned our car in a timely manner! Jacob helped us with our car, and was very kind! Thank you, AC Hotel for your hospitality!

Jacob, Andrew and Tyler gave us maxing service while staying at The Otis. top notch valet service.

The hotel was nice, with a funky vibe in a good way. The reservation desk host, Prattk, was very polite and professional. This was a great location for our annual meeting. My first time in Austin, TX, it was pretty nice.

Small rooms but good location. The rooftop bar in the adjoined hotel is fabulous

Great stay. Clean, quiet. Pratik at front check-in desk was super helpful and kind. Wpild return and recommend to anyone.

Jacob was very helpful and a good valet driver

Jacob at valet was great!

This hotel is one of the newer types which is actually two hotels that share one building.  There's the AC and the Otis which is still a Marriott in the Autograph Collection.  They share a parking garage.  The lobby for the AC is actually on the second floor, so you pass through the Otis lobby and go up one.  ||The hotel was clean and quiet and very comfortable.  It's a small room with a wardrobe instead of a closet.  There's a desk, with a slightly uncomfortable chair.  Plenty of outlets which is nice.  I see the bathroom is getting lots of hate.  It's definitely one of those open concept ones where the sink is almost in the living area and there is a toilet and a shower that are in separate "rooms" off the sink.  As a solo business traveller it was totally fine.  I would imagine if you're dating or not thrilled about hearing each other's bodies after eating tacos all day, this is more problematic.  I think it all depends on what you're staying here for.

Excellent service. Special thanks to Jacob and Noah for their help

Jacob parking valet was awesome!

Jacob and Noah were amazing!

Pratik has been very helpful with the checking and out

Pratik was awesome, made sure 8 was taken care of.

I had a really pleasant and thoughtful experience staying here. I stayed for three nights and Pratik was at the front desk when I checked in and out. I couldn't ask for a more patient, genuine and thorough Attendant. I also liked the simple and modern rooms. I absolutely plan to stay here again when visiting Austin.

Pratik was very helpful and accommodating!

Jacob our valet was phenomenal! For the price of the room and it being a suite we thought it would be a bit more roomy. Overall ok experience

Great rooms, the staff were all wonderful! Pratik was very welcoming. Amazing hospitality!

Very friendly staff, especially Patik! Very helpful at checkout and so nice!

Practik at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you.

Jacob and Tyler are very helpful!

The rooms are really small, but practical. The service is unmatched though. Literally the friendliest and most helpful staff I’ve ever experienced at a hotel that doesn’t cost $1000 a night. I was sick the whole time I was there and they did an amazing job helping me get the things I needed.

Vallet was so nice!! Shoutout Jacob!!

The entire staff was great! Valet team was top notch. Shout out to Jacob and Andrew for their first class service.

Jacob & Andrew were so helpful and amazing!!!!!

Loved this cute boutique hotel. Close to 2 major food chains and on-site restaurants and room service available. The only minor drawback is it's right in the heart of University of Texas at Austin so patience is needed when driving during class transition and after school hours

We got a great deal on a queen size room here. While the room is on the smaller side you don't feel it, cozy would be a great way to describe it. the bathroom is an extension of the room and not a separate room itself. there was a sliding door to provide privacy while on the toilet but in such a small room you will be well acquainted with the aroma, yikes. The bed was very comfortable, the TV large and you can sign into your different streaming accounts although, while it did say that HBO Max was included we could not access the app provided. Our mini fridge (emphasis on mini) did not work when we first got there, but after telling the front desk they fixed it promptly. The staff was very hospitable, friendly, and prompt. Everyone from the front desk associates to the restaurant waiters and bartenders who made you feel like close friends. The rooftop bar gives you an excellent look-out onto  downtown Austin. The food is very good and while this hotel gives you enough reasons to spend your whole stay there it is in such close proximity to downtown and other attractions/restaurants throughout the city that you'll have plenty to do.

It's clean but expensive. Don't expect any frills. There are much better options all around the downtime Austin area.

Jacob and the Valet staff are amazing. Arron Brooks is also amazing

Jacob

This is a terrible room design for families, and I would say for couples as well. I’m not sure how a bathroom with a frosted door, and a barn door at that which doesn’t close tightly, ever got designed in the first place much less made it through rounds of approvals. If someone needs to use the bathroom in the middle of the night, the room is flooded with light. Our two kids wanted to use the lobby bathrooms instead of the room because no one wants every aspect of their business to be heard due to the huge gap left even with the door all the way closed.

Room is clean and the record player made my day!  Jacob (Jake) was very pleasant helping us getting our car.

Jacob the valet guy was great

Great location if you need to be close to campus.

Our valet, Jacob, was amazing and we had a dinner party of 9 at Acre 41 and our server, John R, was incredible!  Also, when I checked in , KD, was super helpful and gracious. The Otis is my only choice when staying in Austin.

The valets - Jacob and Luis - were great.

Sue was such an incredible server. Everyday she greeted me with a smile and it truly made my stay unforgettable. You can really tell that she enjoys her job and she is fantastic at what she does. Highest praise to her!! Will definitely return to see her!

Tyler at the valet was spectacular!

Had a great stay at The Otis! Rooms are cute, staff is attentive, and had a good location. Jacob at valet was great and made everything super easy!

Jacob at valet was so nice. He remembers us each visit, and he goes out of his way to be helpful.

Jacob was awesome

Pretty clean , nice staff

Jacob and Shep. were wonderful.  A perfect stay at The Otis this weekend.

Jacob and Andrew with the valet service were friendly and efficient!

Jacob and Andrew at the Valet were fast and help even got some trash from my car!!

Jacob at valet was extremely helpful!!

Everything was wonderful. Jacob in valet was very accommodating!

Kelly Pena is an absolute Rock Star!

Went to the Bar AC for drinks and snacks, go see Kelly Pena at the bar for great service!

Kelly Peña at bar AC was wonderful and attentive!

Great hotel (Otis) and convenient to Austin nightlife. Jacob at valet was very kind and helpful!

Jacob was excellent. Very attentive and willing to go the extra mile to ensure a safe and happy departure

Jacob at the Valet was extremely helpful and friendly! The whole hotel staff was!

Jacob was great

Hotel was clean and modern, and staff were very polite. My two main complaints are with the noise and breakfast buffet. In the morning at around 8am every day, there was a ton of noise and shuffling coming from the room above. It sounded like housekeeping to me but not 100% sure. Either way, the ceilings appear to be paper thin.

The breakfast "buffet" at the AC Kitchen was a joke. I arrived at 9am (so over an hour before they closed) and there was practically nothing available at the buffet. It honestly looked like food scraps at that point. They do offer an a-la-carte item with the buffet cost, but at $20, it hardly makes up for the mediocre buffet selection. Do yourself a favor and just walk across to the Chick-fil-A for breakfast.

Jacob the Valet and Jack at the Record desk were amazing!! Great hotel and the food was wonderful!

Jacob was very helpful in valet

Great hotel! Super cute decor. Front desk staff was top notch and the Valet service with Jacob was so quick!

Had a great experience.

Jacob was great!

Sarah I. The bar; Jacob the valet; Jeremiah (?) the waiter; and especially Jack with his vinyl.

As good as it gets, people.

Jacob, The valet was polite, kind, conscientious, and very helpful. Well done.

Jacob in Valet good communication and helpful with bags and nice dude

Overall stay was wonderful! Safe and comfortable. Jacob with valet was great—so accommodating and ready to service in any way!

Great service and location

I had great valet service with Jake and Tyler!    Very polite and took good care of my car! 5 stars all around!

I appreciated the hospitality and warm welcomed that I received when I stayed. It was just for 1 night but that was all I needed to know that I will definitely go again. I highly recommend.

I loved my room. Great hotel!! Appreciated Jacob at Valet offered fantastic advice on where to see great architecture. I’ll be back

Jacob is the best! Great service and will certainly return back.

Really enjoyed our stay here! Everyone from the reception to Omar at the restaurant, Jacob and Roman at the valet, everything was top notch! Loved the record players in the room. We will definitely be back.

Jacob at the valet station was extremely helpful!

Jacob with valet was superb with his service- much appreciated!

Jacob at valet was especially courteous.

Absolutely lovely stay. Jacob our Valet was exceptional, front desk service second to none!

Valet, front desk, and bar staff were great!

Jacob was amazing! Quick and efficient. And was so polite and helpful. Highly recommend. The hotel was clean and has a great rooftop bar.

Everything was great. Jacob was very helpful!

Jay was super helpful about letting us know about new things in the area!

Jay at the valet did an amazing job for us! Very professional and kind and respectful

great location - great staff

Jay was awesome - very friendly and helpful.

Jacob with valet was excellent!

Jay was very helpful at the valet stand.

Jay is a great bellman!!

The valet - Jacob - was great!

Jacob offered great valet Service. Easy to work with and super friendly

Jake the valet attendant was fantastic and friendly each time we were coming and going from the hotel!

Great stay all around! Jacob and Pavel from valet went above and beyond!

Jacob at valet was amazing!

Jacob was ver courteous! Great service!

Everything was amazing. Jacob was super nice and so helpful. Thanks!!

Jake in vallet was an absolutely the best part of our stay. His kind way and friendly attitude really shows off the Otis.

Definitely would let him date my daughter.

No bathroom walls?

Jacob at valet was fantastic. Very accommodating and super friendly.

Absolutely amazing location, prices, and staff!!

Valet Tyler was great. Really hustled to get me out quickly.

Great experience, nice rooms and great valet service! Jacob was great and super helpful!

The valet, Jacob, was VERY helpful and kind.

I stayed here for my 29th birthday and Sarah was absolutely incredible. This has to be one of the best birthday trips I've ever taken because she paid so much attention to every detail and really just blew me away. Not only did she accommodate every request that I had, which wasn't many, she really made me feel very special and that she was really paying attention to me. I know I tend to talk a lot, but I loved that when I came back for the night she had a little gift for me which showed me that she was really paying attention when I was sharing with her when I checked in. As someone that used to work at the front desk of hotels it really means a lot to me when someone not only has great customer service but they have great empathy and great sentimentality. Sarah is truly a gem, an incredible person and a very kind person as well. I will definitely be coming back in the future.

Tyler was great and helpful with valet

Great friendly service from Tyler.

Tyler was great

The service of the hotel staff greatly exceeded expectations, especially the extra touches of Brie (concierge). Kelly in the Otopia Rooftop Lounge took great care of us each night we went up. Additionally, Chad in the Acre 41 bar served us up some excellent special cocktails served exclusively at that restaurant. The service was exceptional on all levels.

This review is for the hotel room comfort itself: King rooms here are literally made for solo travelers not couples. I should have read other reviews as the sink, mirror and shower has no wall separating from the bedroom space so absolutely
NO privacy. Seriously, NOT recommended for couples! You can hear everything going on in the bathroom as its a slide door with no wall partition. Not even a closet in this small space. I do not recommend the bed for two unless you’re petite people. The beds are literally queen size yet marketed as King and you can totally eye ball compared to king beds in other hotels and see they are NOT King sz mattress AT ALL. My partner and I were shocked when checking in after 11pm to see the bed at the least is legit not a king mattress just long enough but not wide enough to sleep on your backs together just okay for side sleeping. We made it work for 2 nights as our friend who had a room to themselves was enjoying the space & every other hotel in the area was fully booked. Would only stay again if traveling solo for sake of good rest, comfort & any decent privacy.

Fantastic Bar, Emie was very attentive and made sure we were well taken care of.

Excellent bar. Great vibe. Emie is an exceptional mixologist. She will craft a drink that you will love.

Emile was exceptional!  She was able to find the best cocktail and wine to match the food pairing.

Excellent service! Jacob, at the valet, was exceptional and greatly enhanced the quality and our stay. A highly desirable visitor experience.

Sofia is the best!

Cute, modern hotel on UT campus. AC is co-located with Otis hotel and they share restaurants, rooftop bar and pool.

Great workout room and nice, reasonably priced breakfasts.

Good location, friendly staff, and clean rooms. The setup in the rooms is very AC if you've stayed at the brand - somewhat modern and eclectic. In this case, it was well-appointed with a tiny fridge, but it did the trick. The staff was also very friendly and engaging. From Sophia checking me in at the front desk, to Eli checking me out, they were all great! I mention these two, because I had direct, positive interaction with each of them. Both made me feel welcomed and at home. With broad smiles and engaging personalities, they delivered hospitality.

This hotel is connected to The Otis, also a Marriott property, which made for a really fun and interesting experience. It also highlighted the available amenities, whichever hotel you're staying at since they 're essentially the same building.

It's an awesome choice in the area with plenty of food options within walking distance. Choose for the price and location, and be delighted with the service.

Room design for the one king room was terrible. Not suited for 2 ppl. Open bathroom concept.

Favorite part of the experience was Jacob at valet. World star.

I arrived to the Otis to go to the rooftop and parking was a disaster. Luckily, Calvin, Joe, Louis, Mario were attending the valet stand and gave me excellent service upon my arrival. They were very professional and the service was excellent. Tip of the hat to them.

Jade was master class!  Expresso Martini was “perfection” 😎

Appreciate the hospitality

- MEDIAPOST

Jade at the AC bar was amazing!!!

Jade at the bar was fantastic, was an amazing conversationalist and treated us great. Highly recommend her cocktails! Will be back.

Jade made the best lavender lady!

Lovely hotel and great amenities, like a rooftop bar and gym. It is also connected to Otis hotel and their beautiful bar. Target is nearby with loads of food shops/trucks to choose from as well. The reception has been superb too. Overall a great location and enjoyed the stay.

Jade is amazing. Wish she was here all the time!!!!

Jade is the best!

We loved Jade in the bar!

Jade, the bartender is very friendly and helpful.

Jade in the bar is awesome!

Jade again! The best!

Loved the hotel for a quick conference. Clean, friendly, convenient and great bar areas for gathering. Our bartender Jade (2nd floor bar) was amazing. Knowable, friendly, witty, energetic and creative!  She made the night fun!

Jade was the bomb!

I always enjoy staying at the AC Hotel. They are consistent and the customer service is always top notch. I never have a constructive thing to say. The quality of the rooms are excellent. I recebtkybhad a drink at the bar and Jade made a most excellent Old Fashioned. She asked all the right questions and delivered a drink i would order again.

The hotel was pretty nice,
Staff are phenomenal super friendly and helpful.
Breakfast was good as well.
Rooms were pretty new and modern.
I’d give it a 4 star because of the dirty towel in my room (picture attached).

Came to Austin to watch the UT vs UTSA football game and stayed here for the night. From the moment the valet took the vehicle to the moment we left we had a phenomenal time. The front desk staff was a sweetheart and bellboy(Mario) made sure to go above and beyond and brought my daughter a longhorn stuffed animal as we were leaving. The hotel  also smelled amazing and was spotless. Thank you for an amazing stay.

Jade is the best!! Fantastic service Fantastic drinks

Bar tender Jade was so kind and attentive! Signature drinks were great. Food was also great! Would come back

Jade was an incredible hostess/bartender! Wonderful space and experience!

Jade was awesome! Super friendly and attentive!

Jade was awesome

Rooftop bar at the top floor of the AC Hotel at UT Austin. Cool drinks, nice vibe. The hotel pool is tucked in the corner near the rooftop bar.

Jorge and Tyler help us out with the car very friendly

Lovely hotel, great location to UT and West Campus. Friendly and professional front desk staff and the nicest valet. Highly recommend AC Austin and the Otis.

I had an extremely pleasant time here. From the welcoming nature of the valet crew to the hospitality shown by the hotel staff, I can say without hesitation that my stay far exceeded my expectations. Special props to Christian Brown (Eng. Supervisor) for going above and beyond to make my stay worthwhile. These guys know how to make you feel at home!!!

Austin AC hotel.  Jade was fantastic in the bar

Outstanding experience from booking to check-in.  Highest marks for front desk manager, Eli!   He is customer oriented, professional, knowledgeable and personable.  5 Stars- my highest rating possible.  Well done!!

Knowledgeable about gin! Lots of fun

Great hotel, simple and modern but has everything you need. Michelle was wonderful. Clean, spacious and great location to lots of shops, restaurants and UT.

Such a lovely stsy every time. From the  friendly valet  welcome to the quick room service and fun rooftop pool. We love the Otis!

I am submitting my review to offer my thanks to Ofentse for her really nice reception and greeting upon my entry into the hotel.    It is so nice NOT to feel "processed".   She is very nice, gave me a nice room, and showed real caring and interest.   Many thanks!!

I stayed here one night to go to a concert at the Moody Center. The staff was pleasantly welcoming. Water was offered to me after checking in, and I really appreciated that due to the hot weather outside.
I loved the room! It was perfect for one person. The modern and minimalistic design reminded me of rooms in Europe. The shower was my favorite. I definitely plan to stay at this hotel again when attending a concert by myself. I felt safe walking to and from the Moody Center.
The only negative comment I have about the hotel is the steep parking price. It’s so expensive that it almost makes it unaffordable to stay in the hotel.

This is my first time staying at this hotel, my first time staying in Austin my stay was amazing and when I say amazing I mean AMAZING!!!! Customer service was great to me and that Valet guy “Jake” super awesome, helped me out my bags in the car, I got my car from at a great time and he even walked me to the door right out to where it was parked. That guy Jake has a great spirit. Thank you guys so much. Shoutout to Jake.

- Mercedes Benz guy :)

Jacob and tyler at valet were great

Tyler and Jacob at the valet were awesome.  Super helpful and gave us some great recommendations in town.  Nice guys.

I will never stay here again. False advertisement the roof top pool is from the Otis hotel, and we were told they may or may not charge $20 to access it was not the AC rooftop as advertised. Valet is $57 to park yourself is $50 but across the street public parking is $35. The text message for valet to bring the car half worked. The front desk ran my card for $240 for incidentals then tried to run it for a $100 each night I stayed. It was a group trip and 1 car, but they charged valet parking to everyone and didn't ask if everyone had a car or parked valet. They held funds on my card for 6 additional days after I checked out and was back home. The experience was not the best. NEVER AGAIN!!

Jade at the bar is great! 5 stars feel at home

Hotel was accommodating and the hotel’s various eateries and bars were clean and tidy. Jade was a great and attentive bartender the whole stay.

Jade provided outstanding service and was very friendly. Beer was cold all night.

Jake gave phenomenal service and made my experience a great one. I would come back just for the service. I’m going to recommend this place to friends and family.

Jake was awesome! My drink was great and he was so friendly!

Jake was very friendly and attentive! Highly recommend the bar!

Jake at the bar was great, excellent service. Super friendly!

Jake was an excellent server and great company.  Totally recommend for a quiet place after a long day at conference.

I appreciated Emie’s hospitality. She was a great host.

Emie was fantastic!! Such a great place to enjoy some food and a drink!

Emie is on point with her drink mixing. Ordered several drinks each one done to perfection

Emie was absolutely fabulous! She is the sweetest. Plus, some of the best drinks I have had her in Austin.

Emie was fantastic behind the bar. Made me feel welcomed since I walked in. The old fashions were amazing!!!

Emile was the best! Best old fashion I’ve had.

Amazing service from Jade!! Served up delicious drinks. Have never been disappointed

Great drinks and atmosphere Emie was friendly and had good suggestions for drinks!

Jade goes above and beyond to make sure I feel comfortable. Definitely recommend her! BEST SERVICE EVER!!

Tyler at the valet stand was awesome. He took great of my car and was incredibly delightful.

Jade was amazing!!

Jade was Amazing! Her customer service was outstanding, will definitely be back to be served by her!

the environment was amazing, fantastic ambiance. Our bartender Jade was just as amazing, impressed with her craftsmanship. i will definitely be coming back again!

Jacob at valet went above and beyond every time I visited the property. This kindness is part of why I continue to return.

Parking did not allow for vehicle with overhead attachments. Jade great :)

Very nice and reasonable rates.  Good place to stay.

Jade is the best bartender that I have ever had the pleasure, nay honor of meeting. Despite her gin bar environment she rises above and makes the best Lavender Lady. Ask for it and Jade by name!

Jade at Bar AC is especially welcoming. All of the staff is very friendly and helpful.

Beautiful bar and relaxing atmosphere! Jade provided exceptional customer service at AC Bar!

Jade in the AC Bar is the best.

Jade is amazing. Best bartender in the neighborhood!

Jade was wonderful and took great care of us. Thank you see you soon!

Tyler and Jacob did a great job to help us with the car. Especially with the construction morons pumping water down the street!

Jacob and Tyler truthfully made our experience.... They started by valeting for us then recommending alot of great times and memories. They were personal and just great guys !
One other person that stuck out ( worked nights ) was a room service guy or a lobby guy ! We looked forward to saying hi to him every night . His energy was great and very nice . Jack or will was his name but almost certain it was jack !
One last thing , the DJ Record Player July 19th and 20th was very personal , had great talks with him to.

There was one other valet guy that was good ! Stick to asking those guys !

Valet Jacob and Tyler were phenomenal!! Give them a raise :)

I came by with a few friends for a night cap and Emie was our bartender - She was so sweet and attentive! Also helpful with nearby recommendations. I’d come back just to hang with her. If you’re staying at this hotel and Emie is bartending a night you’re here, it’s your lucky night!

The area was very nice and the atmosphere was super vibey. Emie was super friendly and did a great job serving us in the bar too!

Emie was so great! Extra accommodating to our group and the service was amazing. Super sweet girl and we were really appreciative of the fast but delicious cocktails.

Jacob and Tyler were very nice and had great attention to detail.

Tyler is cool took care of me

Tyler and Jacob are da bomb

Tyler in valet was very helpful and kind. Enjoyed our stay.

Will the valet was great! Polite prompt and helpful! Thanks!

My child is going to the University of Texas here in the Fall of 2024 and we had the pleasure to stay at the AC hotel. Ive stayed at plenty of Marriott Hotels before but this one by far has been one of the best experiences. My family and I are from Hawaii so were used to great hotels! This place out did it for us. The bar connected to it allowed for a great atmosphere and even better service. The service I may say was my favorite part. We had the cutest little bartender named Emma. She was from Michigan and told us all the great spots in Austin. She crafted up an amazing espresso martini and I never knew you could actually do it with Tequilla!! We had a great experience down at the bar, learned some great facts about Austin and felt warm in the presence of Emmas wonderful service. I hope this place never changes because I will be coming back to visit my child plenty of times, and let me telll you... when I visit I will be staying at the AC Hotel and I will be going to their exquisite bar AC. Impeccable.

Emma was the best.

Emma was great!

Emma was amazing!

Emma was fantastic!

Chad is a bartender professional! Danielle is an awesome host as well! Jade provided such great personal service and Tim made us feel at home! This is a hidden jewel and we simply love it here! What a great experience!!!!

The irony.... the hotels name is AC... but the AC LITERALLY DOES NOT WORK. If you like a cool room temp, this is not the place for you. My room never got below 75°and that wasn't until after 10pm.  I'll update this each day ... today's date: 26 June 2024.

The bar is great and Jade totally helped us out.

Had such a great birthday stay here. Kevin at the front desk was absolutely fantastic- made my day with the happy birthday wishes and made my stay special. He’s great. Jade whips up a mean cocktail!

This place is too pricy for the size of the room and nothing in the room. Staff are very friendly and ready to help. You will never get upgrade even if you are at the top tier of loyalty.

Jade and Dani are great bartenders at bar AC!

This hotel is amazing. Jade took really good care of me!

Convenient for what I was there for. Clean and great front desk people. All in all it’s a hotel room so I’m just looking for clean and convenient. Drives me crazy that they screw you on price during peak weekends. Puts people in a financial bind to just come and see their kids

Jade at Bar AC was great!

Jade was amazing!  She was so accommodating and kind and did a great job prioritizing and keeping things going smoothly

Jade at the AC bar is amazing.

Jade was awesome and took great care of our crew!

Jade provided great service during our reception this evening. Thank you!!

Jade is an amazing bartender! Great service and wonderful person!

This is a very nice and clean AC. The team here is so kind and generous. Our family stayed here during a difficult time and the team made every effort possible to make us feel welcome and cared for. The dual hotel offers very nice amenities including Acre 41. We will be back for football season.

Jake was amazing!!!!!

Visited again last week after a couple of years. I love this hotel and the fact that you can utilize the Otis Amenities as well. The Staff is great!

I see a lot of complaints about the rooms and bathrooms. Please understand that the AC is about minimalistic and modern design and is originally a Spanish concept. There are other hotels to choose from if the design isn't optimal.

I was there for 3 days and enjoyed the AC Bar, Otopia rooftop and Acre 41.

Special call out to one of the Assistant General Managers Christopher Duffey. A great Ambassador to the hotel and especially the  White Lodging Hospitality Group. Didn't realize that I stay at a lot of their properties already and I look forward to experiencing more during my travels.

My wife and I came here for 3/8/24 for our 22nd anniversary. Our first time every coming here. It was pricey but since our anniversary fell in the first day of SXSW we literally paid the price lol. None the less Bri at the front desk made our experience really nice started us off with a glass of wine at the front desk which was a great start and gave us a breakfast voucher for the next day which was very nice of her to do that. The actual room had the whole European feel and look and space just like described on the website nice and cozy!!  Also Bri was nice enough to order us a bottle of champagne and chocolate desert to the room as well which was very nice! The bed was comfortable and pillows as well. All and all we would definitely stay here again at this property we will just do it when it's not at a high peak time.

Jake was such an amazing bartender kudos and we will be coming black. I enjoyed my Negroni

Had a blueberry mule. Jake makes a great drink.

Fantastic convenient accommodations to all that Austin has to offer. Jake, the bartender, at the Bar AC offered fantastic hospitality and top notch service when I wanted a night cap at the end of my Austin adventures.

AC Marriott & Bar AC will take great care of you during a trip to Austin!

Great bar service from Jake. Attentive and courteous. 👍🏻👍🏻

Jake the bartender was nice and the lavender lady he made was delicious.

Jade was great!

AC Hotels is a great location and rooms are clean.  You get the advantages of The Otis next door, but in a quieter and more affordable location.  The bar at the AC is also great, Quiet with good cocktails.  One of the bartenders, Jade makes great drinks, so try to catch her.

My husband booked this hotel last minute as part of our anniversary and I am so glad he did.Upon entry we were greeted with a nice glass of wine.The hostess Bri was really nice.She gave us a free breakfast voucher and had them bring us our own bottle of wine along with a chocolate smoore for our anniversary.Upon entering the room we noticed it was on the smaller side but in a good way like a spot in Europe.The shower as well as shower pressure was very nice and clean.We thought the layout of the bathroom especially how the toilet is separated by a clouded glass door was reminiscent of our stay at a resort in the DR.A resort we stayed at in the DR had a similar bathroom set up.As a couple we appreciated the size of the room and the bed was quite comfortable.I also enjoyed our view from the all glass window that goes from top to bottom.We would definitely stay here again if we needed to.

The AC Hotel staff have been courteous, professional, and eager to help with all questions I had.  Jade at the “Bar AC” makes a great manhattan and offered pleasant conversation.

Basic hotel with modern design and excellent service. I can understand the complaints about privacy with the bathroom, but that didn't affect us. I love that they offer free water at check in and in the rooms. Lavender packets at night are cute and a nice touch. Mini beverage fridge in room, and I was able to use the microwave in the kitchen behind check-in desk. Great service at check in. They explained the confusing elevators to us as they share the building with The Otis. Fitness room was great. We requested late check out and were very surprised at the accommodations they took! I'll be staying at this hotel in the future and am looking forward to it.

Stayed just one night at this hotel.  The highlight of this place is the customer service.  EVERYONE we interacted with was exceptional!  From the front desk to the valet staff to the restaurant/bar staff; everyone provided exceptional customer service.  As for the hotel itself, the room is quite small as others have mentioned but was sufficient for two adults.  What was NOT ok was the stained/ripped sheets.  Upon crawling into bed, we discovered multiple stains (some red) on the bottom sheet.  Called down to front desk and asked for additional sheets so we could change and were brought two more (one of which was also stained).  NOT ACCEPTABLE!!  Also had issues with the bottom elevators closing too quickly/aggressively and ended up slamming into my wife's arm and causing some minor pain.  All of these issues were raised to Marriott customer service who provided the standard "Sorry we will address with property" and that was it.  Hopefully they take this feedback and work on their internal housekeeping issues (as well as maintenance on the elevators).

The view was perfect. From valet to front desk everyone was so friendly and helpful.

This place is really cool if you like having a bathroom that is physically inside the room. Very intimate! The sink and shower are in the same room as the bed, and there is only one of those thin sliding barn doors that closes off the toilet from the rest of the room. You can imagine the smell, that's all I'll say. Don't come here with someone unless youre already really comfortable. It's really like they forgot to put the bathroom walls up and called it a day 🥴

Great environment! Nice breakfast and rooftop

Peleg made the check in process as easy as I’ve ever had.

Checking out was so pleasant with Peleg, despite our unusual situation. We also complement the hotel’s quick response when we got locked out of our room.

Excellent hotel and Pieg at the reception was very informative

We stayed there for a concert at the Moody Center.  The location was within walking distance. The room was clean and the front desk was awesome! We also had no issues with the valet with our brand new vehicle.

Let me tell you all a story…a story of a wayward man trying to find his way through a city unknown.  He happened upon a hotel…one he never experienced before…everything else was booked.  As the elevator opened she could see the exhaustion from his travels lying upon his young weary face…she smiled…he grunted…”Welcome to the AC, are you checking in?”  Although Peleg had been there for hours on end she greeted him as though her day had just started and the sun was just shining on the dandelions and warming up the world…

In all seriousness, I appreciate you Peleg.  It was a great stay and your service was impeccable.  Thank you thank you thank you.

Stayed here while I was for a conference. Very good service overall.

It was great and We have a very good service overall!

I had a great stay here. The hotel is in a calm area with plenty of food options. The room is clean. Peleg in check-in counter is very friendly and helpful.

Great hotel, clean and efficient and modern rooms
Check in was great with Peleg
All staff we encountered were great

Great service!

Peley is the best thing about staying at the AC in Austin. She’s helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and very smiley! Always a treat to see her and have her amazing service when we stay at the AC.

This place is walking distance from almost everything you would want to do in downtown Austin. I'll definitely look to stay here again on my next visit. The staff were very friendly and welcoming.

Stupid lobby inside another hotel situation. Front desk often unstaffed. Great breakfast voucher. Tiny room, but very clean

My daughter stayed at the AC for 6 weeks since her west campus apartment building was not ready for move in. The rooms were beautiful, stylish, well appointed. It was very sleek and modern. The Air Conditioning was amazing! The hotel staff was terrific, very friendly, helpful, and accommodating ! The beds were very comfortable (I stayed with my daughter two weekends when I came to visit). The noise isolation was terrific. You could not hear others in neighboring rooms, and you could only hear things like sirens, but not the road noise even though her room faced the road. The location is terrific if you want to be close to the university!

The bathroom was different than most. It was an open concept. It worked fine for my daughter because she was alone, and most couples may not mind, but it's an open concept bathroom - so no door to the bathroom. The toilet room is private of course, and he shower glass is opaque, but if you wanted privacy to change you would have to do so in the toilet room. There was a double sided mirror the divided the vanity area from the rest of the room so the vanity was pretty open. You would have to see pictures to understand. The setup would not be ideal if one person wanted to sleep while the other was getting ready since there were no walls to block the light and noise. I do believe the rooms with two beds have a regular bathroom. They also have a 24 hour well equipped gym. One note, they only have a few refrigerators available upon request so it's hit or miss if you can get one. Also, they do not have cots.

Overall, my daughter had an incredible stay and the AC will be our first choice to stay whenever we come to visit!

Peleg at the front desk is a gem. She’s very friendly and helpful.

Peleg was fantastic. Best front desk service I’ve experienced!

Room was nice, but I prefer to have a separate bathroom. At AC, the sink and shower is in the room. The toilet is in a separate room.  From what I was told the rooms are European style.  Staff if nice.

Located close to UT campus and great parking garage access. But the high floor campus view room rate was very overpriced.  It was a view of a parking garage with homeless people sleeping on top. Not what I invisioned when booking reservations.
I wanted to be within walking distance to stadium. Restaurants close by as well.
Room offered a small fridge and  small bathroom with no privacy.
Rooms are very small, like a dorm room and bland decor compared to other hotels in Austin.

Erika is an amazing bartender. Try her mezcal old fashion!

This hotel is strategically located right next to the university and a ton of food options, and it's easy to go to other parts of Austin from there. The place is immaculate and a joy to stay in! My only critique is the lack of a mini-fridge with a freezer and microwave, as there was a time where it would've been super handy in a pinch. There is a tiny fridge big enough and just capable enough of keeping drinks cool, though.

My daughters had to stay here when their new UT apartment wasn’t ready for move in. The hotel was very nice with great views & public areas, but what put over the top was the extreme kindness and flexibility of the staff! They were aware of how displaced the kids felt and were so kind and accommodating. I even received a lovely glass of champagne while I was trying to check out after such a chaotic week! It was another extra sweet touch!

- Be careful of unexplained  Creepy charges in your credit card
The Marriott system is super sloppy and always overcharge without apologies. Almost in every Marriott hotel there is an over charge incident for no reason except sloppiness of their system.

- location is great but really confusing to get in and misleading
- rooms are well setup and clean however super tight-NYC AC has bigger rooms
- I thought the pool was a part of the hotel however no you have to pay 20$ per day extra also you have to go to floor 1 or 2 then walk across the restaurant in your swimsuit so you can take another elevator to the roof.
It didn’t have to be this confusing and un hospitable.
I wouldn’t recommend this location especially there are a lot of competitive hotels in the area.

Liz at AC Bar

No microwave, no refrigerator, no closet. Had to get ice from lobby desk.

It took me a while to post to review because I’ve been so busy. But I loved my stay at this hotel. I got helped out by a gentleman named Eli. He was so courteous towards me and my mother. If the convention gets held in Austin again, I would definitely stay here a second time.

Rather confusing hotel with minimal amenities.

Great hotel close to the UT campus

Liz was great and so attentive tonight! Half off of wine on Wednesdays which is lit! No food right now because their kitchen is out of order for a few weeks, but worked out bc we were planning to get P Terry’s across the street :)

Very friendly staff!! CLEAN!!!

The hotel was good but what was exceptional was the stellar service of Peleg and Sam in the AC lobby.  Both of these ladies are definite assets to your company!  Both are true gems!

We enjoyed our stay here, but only after being moved to the west side of the hotel. Do not pay extra for the Campus View rooms. The view is of the back of restaurants on Guadalupe Street and a construction site on the UT campus. They were considerate enough to move us to the west side of the hotel and the view is of the hills of west Austin. Room was comfortable. Rood top bar on the sister property, The Otis, is very nice. Great views of downtown Austin and the west hills. Would we stay here again? Yes.

i liked this location but unfortunately room, bed, and even towels were extremely humid and we decided to move to other hotel despite non refundable payment. not sure the issue was with only my room. hope this help customer consideration.

Excellent customer service! Keah made the checking proces swift and hassle free, informing my daughter and I of all of the amenities and local attractions.

KEAH was great! super good service and amazing staff

We had early checked in, it was nice to have. We didn’t have to wait til 4pm. The hotel lobby receptionist was friendly and accommodating our requests. Her name was Keah, friendly and helpful. Asked us if we want breakfast for the day.

Noticed both AC and Otis shared same parking garage, restaurant and pool area.

Otis on 1st floor, AC 2nd floor.

Jerome was very friendly and a great bartender, highly recommend

Jerome was amazing! Highly recommend!

My go to hotel every time I’m visiting Austin!

Hotel is great and bar is even better. Michelle is the best and Amanda and Faith are rad too! These girls might be the best bartenders in Austin. If you have the privilege of catching any of them you won’t be disappointed!

Great stay! Staff if super friendly and helpful. The location is conveniently across from UT campus and a few blocks from Downtown Austin!

This place is amazing! Highly recommend!

We enjoyed the Spanish Tapas and the huge variety of Gins at the Bar AC. Our bartender, Amanda, was outstanding and makes an awesome NEGRoNi!!

I got this room specifically for the music in the rooms for Father’s Day. Jack at the record station made our experience top notch. He was informative and extremely helpful. Thank you, Jack!!!

I stayed at the AC Hotel Austin University in mid-June.  The rooms were comfortable and air conditioned, which was a relief given the heat.  The bar staff downstairs were friendly.  However, the Burger Bar dining option was a real shocker.  I went to order a cheeseburger and fries, and watch the guy preparing it picking fries out of the hopper and eating them, then sucking ketchup out of a packet.  The final straw was when he poured the fries into my basket and took a couple out with his fingers and ate them.  I cancelled my order which they refunded, except they kept the tip.
I told the AC staff which comped me with an appetiser from the bar, this was enough.
AC Hotel should really sort out the staff at Burger Bar, or at least not advertise it on their website.  I wouldn't want my brand blemished by the absolutely disgusting service rendered by Burger Bar.

Very nice aesthetic with bar on first level. You had to take 2 different sets of elevators every time you came and went. There was not a refrigerator in the room which was a little inconvenient. We did bring our dog but there was minimal grass anywhere close to the building.

Very good service

Jerome was the best! Best drinks and tapas!

Stay was great, location was perfect. Close to downtown without being directly in it. Staff was very friendly and provided exceptional service! Would certainly stay again!

Two of our daughters live in Austin. After staying on South Congress last year and putting up with an awful but expensive “famous” hotel, we decided to shift gears. This two year old hotel was closer to them. The location is beautiful and you can actually see the hills in the “ hill country.” The room was comfortable although we wish the bathroom had more than two light settings: off and glaringly light. The switch is motion activated so if you pee in the middle of night, it is like staring at the sun for a couple of seconds. The shower is great but the tile floor a bit slippery and needs a grab rail installed. The all you can eat breakfast was good but the bar drinks are pricey. We were invited to dinner and had no wine so the bartender agreed to see me a bottle of Pinot Noir. I unhappily paid $52 and later discovered the retail was $15! Lastly, housekeeping needs to do better. When we went to use the room coffee machine, I discovered days old used coffee bag still there. But all in all we would stay here again. And there are great restaurants within walking distance.

Love this property. Super nice rooms, great amenities, the roof top bar at the OTIS (which you get access to) is fabulous and the staff is top notch.  Definitely one of my favorites in the austin area.

Room and amenities were very clean. Shower had good water pressure. If you don’t want to eat in the hotel restaurant there are a few choices within walking distance. The lovely assistant at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. Thank you for help Peleg.

Loved, loved, LOVED it! Great location, felt safe, the rooms were so gorgeous and modern, the place was immaculate and the gym had EVERYTHING. We are DEFINITELY coming back soon!

Always have a great experience here. Peleg has helped me multiple times and always provides great customer service!

I had a great check in experience with Peleg at the front desk. She was informative, thoughtful and provided me with all the details to make sure I had a wonderful stay. It’s a great start to my visit and I appreciate the hospitality. Nothing like getting it right at the start.
Thank you!

What a great hotel - easy access to West Campus and all of the staff is great and thorough- a system issue was happening when i arrived but Eli at the desk personally went to the room first to make sure it was ready. He helped us make our next reservation and recommended awesome places to eat. Thank you Eli and love AC Marriott Austin.

Came down from north Austin for an event at Moody Center and decided to make it an overnight trip. We enjoyed the convenience of being able to walk to and from the venue. The variety of food and drink options both in and around the hotel as well as the ease of which we were able to check in and out, including the valet parking.  Even enjoyed a night cap at the on-site bar which had a hip vibe with cozy couches and chairs giving the “sit back and relax” feeling that makes you feel welcomed.

The service was amazing. I want to call out Eli in particular. He was friendly professional and personable. I travel frequently and have stayed at a wide range of hotels. Eli is one of the best I have met. Thank you!

DO NOT STAY HERE. Tons of construction- everywhere. Hotel tells you construction noises are 7am-7pm, but it began at 5am and was insanely loud. Definitely no sleeping happening. Valet takes upwards of 50 minutes in the morning. I observed Michael at the front desk rolling his eyes and yelling at a hotel guest that she had “No common sense” when she was inquiring when her car would finally be located. He continued to talk trash to the lady without a care in the world. Rooms are tiny. No hotel pool. Horrible views of trash dumpsters and run down buildings. So many other options in the area, do not select this one.

Small rooms with standard design. Open bathroom so noisy if staying with 2 persons. No space to relax but a small desk was available for work. Was lacking any amenities you’d expect for 700 USD a night (incl taxes) like mini fridge, slippers, bathrobe and in room dining. Staff was fine but not the most helpful I’ve encountered. Room was clean on arrival but wasn’t cleaned after the first night. If you charge these kind of amounts even during a conference you really may expect more. I felt no effort was made to do so.

We did not have a great stay due to extremely loud noises outside the building.  This was obviously out of staff control,  they were 5 star customer service in trying to help with the situation.  I would recommend staying on a high floor if possible until metal plates are fixed in road.  Staff was amazing at front desk.

Nice hotel. Ok, you need 10 min in a Uber or walk 30 min to get downtown, but it's much cheaper.

Nice hotel, but didn’t realize there would be construction. Jackhammers at 7 am is such a great way to start the day😒 love the location, but  I’ll probably be staying elsewhere until the construction is over.

Clean and great location

Excellent Staff offering 5 Star ☆☆☆☆ Customer Service. Special shout out to Team members Favour and William who want up and Beyond!!!!!

Great place, clean room and great staff. Nice bar and restaurants in the property.

Absolutely ridiculous. There is MAJOR construction happening on the property that is attached to this one. Our room was adjacent to it and the construction started very early (before dawn) with what sounded like girders falling, hammering, etc. No disclaimer for the hotel when we booked, no apologies for two nights of no sleep. I don't think there is a single room in this hotel where you wouldn't hear the construction... I say this because it seemed like every time we went by the front desk there were other guests asking to be moved or for refunds. Avoid at all costs.

Wish I would’ve known about the construction starting at 8 am on a Saturday! Also not happy about being stuck in a room right next to it, celebrating a birthday, and it was made clear this room wasn’t used much because their was dust everywhere!

Rooms were on the smaller side.     No mini fridge.      They put me in a room right next to construction so it was very loud and made it hard to rest.     Front desk service seemed slow.   The bed was comfortable.    Free HBO and SHO on demand was nice   Location is next to the university so if your there for that it's a good location.   Otherwise, there are much nicer areas to stay in Austin.  I didn't dine at any of the restaurants in the hotel.    But there was a variety of places near by.

I would recommend staying away for a while. You aren’t going to get any sleep here…

For one, the construction next door sounds like car collisions every 15 seconds and starts at 7am. My main frustration stems from having no notice or disclaimer about construction.

Then, the rooms are equipped with a fire alarm that is akin to a strobe light and lights up the whole room every 3 seconds.

And for me personally, the A/C unit in my room sounded like the furnace from Home Alone.

I booked three nights but regretting it because of the lack of sleep. As previously stated, I recommend staying else where for now.

Bad hotel scamming residents.  When I arrived, the receptionist told me that they would offer me free parking, and after I left the hotel, the full amount deposited with them was deducted. I contacted them several times very har to find someone answer your call , and they told me that they had deducted an additional $150 for parking the car for 3 days.

Amazing service but the rooms felt too small.   There was not a single visible sign for the hotel and due to the near comstruction is very difficult to get to the hotel

We have stayed in a few AC hotels around the world and this room was above the AC average just by having blackout blinds and a separate space for the commode. We did not dine at the hitel nor we had breakfast thereto, so the only service encounter we had was with the front desk and housekeeping staff and both were outstanding. I gave a less than perfect score on the location because of the cost of parking ($35 per day) and the pillows were too hard and somehow uncomfortable. All together, a very good experience.

Stay at the Otis for a more sophisticated experience. I was very disappointed. Staff is friendly, helpful, and supportive.

Very nice hotel, clean rooms, overly nice staff, including the staff at the hotel attached to it (the Omni) I was checking in by Peleg who was so warm and sweet. She went above and beyond to make sure she took care of me and even upgraded my room because of how pleasant our conversation was. I have stayed here a few times, as my company books trips to austin at minimum 4 times a year and the stays have always been pleasant. The drinks at the rooftop bars are amazing as well.

This hotel is great if you're traveling alone. It's clean and looks very modern. The staff is really nice. This hotel is terrible if you are traveling with a partner / spouse. The room we stayed in didn't have a door separating the bathroom from the rest of the very small room. This means you can't poop without the entire room hearing you. I had to kick out my boyfriend from the room but it was kinda awkward and felt pretty unnecessary. I won't be staying at AC Hotels moving forward if I'm not traveling alone given this weird toilet / bathroom layout.

Great location
Amazing hotel scent in the Otis Lobby

Good location and excellent options to eat and drink on location.

Looks very nice inside and the hotel has a rooftop with a pool which looks nice!!! It does sound pricey tho. And the food up there is not good.

Stayed here for out night in Austin for a UT football game. Amazing staff! Amazing room, and great view! Walking distance to stadium as well!

The construction going on near the hotel woke us up before 7am Saturday… wish there was some kind of warning before booking. If you are looking for a goodnight sleep, choose another hotel!

A nice hotel convenient to the university and downtown. Convenient parking and a super staff. It can be a little confusing at first since a couple hotels share the same building but once inside it is easy to navigate as they share the same bars, and restaurant facilities. Room was modern and clean and a hotel I definitely would return to over several other locations near by.

My bed had hair in it.  I told the staff my sheets were dirty. They said it would be cleaned by a supervisor. Left before 9 am. Returned at 11 pm. Room had not been touched. Asked the front desk about it the next morning. They saw the note on my room & account and acknowledged nothing was done in my room. I am sooooo blessed because supposedly they refunded my $37 parking (smh).  Never got a note about the refund.  I was so disappointed. I am a member, too.

The parking garage is to small.  It was full. Two of three levels is valet.  Customers used more than one space and got notes left on their windows by other guests that have had enough of the rudeness.  The front desk staff did not care at all.   See attached pictures.

The hotel is ok. Staff is polite. Location is the only reason to stay here because it is so pricey for what you get or rather what you don’t get.

Best customer service I’ve received at a hotel. Kudos to the entire staff!

One of the nicest hotels, and exceptional customer service deep in the heart of Austin Texas.

Robert was great. Most accommodating hotel I’ve ever stayed at. The rooms are great, the valets are great, and Robert was beyond helpful!

Edit 7/9/22
Now that it’s not the middle of the night I wanted to give my full thoughts. Valet service was excellent and the experience was above and beyond them parking and retrieving our car. Front desk staff was extremely friendly and for my fiancée’s birthday they gave us a free upgrade to the top floor! The rooms have very nice finishes with a great rainfall shower! Robert was fantastic, we had leftovers from Steiner ranch steakhouse that he was more than happy to tag with our info and put in the employee only accessible fridge! Made it easy to not forget the next morning as I kept the tag with our valet tag! The location is great close to any and everything you’d wanna do downtown! I see a lot of people complain about the restaurants and pool belonging to the sister hotel which didn’t matter at all to us! I think since so many people are bothered that they can’t access the pool until public access at 5pm then AC should offer a pool upgrade for an additional cost that would give full access to the pool. I saw a bunch of posts about a musty smell in the elevators, not in our experience. I would suggest that they have the air conditioning units serviced as they didn’t keep the rooms the coolest but it was also 105° out and we were top floor. I hope this review is helpful to all who read it!

Clean and friendly staff! Will come back again!

Stayed in the single room.  Very modern and minimal perfect for the single weekender or conference attender.  No mini fridge for cold beverages.  Lobby on 2nd floor of another hotel is odd, but kinda cool.  Otis Hotel has good restaurant.

Nothing was open the website, Marriott Bon Voyage and these other reviews are misleading there is no pool and everything else (rooftop, breakfast)  if it’s there I didn’t see it. The front desk staff made so many mistakes on my bill for my 3 day stay.  I asked that my stay be charged to one card and my incidentals to another. Imagine to my chagrin when the card given for incidentals had four holds on it 1. $733.00 2. $600 3. $240.00 and 4. 1,200.00.  All over the 150 incidentals hold amount. I spoke to three desk agents a manager and each told me not to worry. Said they’d take the second card off the reservation entirely. While I was there some of the holds fell off and the rest came off when I returned home. All of a sudden almost a week later there is a $2,256.40 charge on the card that I was told had been removed as a form of payment. There are holds on the correct card for $346.80 and $322.80 a total of $670.60 which is the total of my stay.  I called yet again to see why I was charged on a card the was supposed to be removed an amount three times more than my stay. I was sent directly to the hold que and on hold for 2 hours no front desk staff picked up. I called corporate opened a case from a second phone all while still on hold with the hotel property.  I am a Marriott Bon Voyage Member and I’ve stayed at several properties over the years but I will never stay in an AC hotel ever again this entire experience has left a stain on those properties for me. The two stars were given because the one cleaning lady? who works there was awesome I question if she was part of cleaning because it seemed like she had multiple jobs. I stayed for 3 nights June 5-7 2022 and I am still dealing with the mistakes of a poorly trained I’m guessing front desk team over a week later and we all know how long chargebacks can take and disputes with you credit card company as well so I’ll be dealing with this for awhile sad to say.

The employees and valet were great. Room was clean and well done, if a bit small. Good location next to campus.
The beds were horrible with pillows made of rock. The actual room temperature was in no way related to what displayed on the thermostat. Really glad we were only here one night.

Clean, quiet and close to everything you need! Staff is friendly and rooms are clean and modern.

Great hotel. Only downside is that you have to take an elevator to the lobby where you take another elevator to your room. The room was nice and clean with reusable soap.

No hot water in shower! Front desk said large wedding party probably “drained the on property tanks”??? What! It’s a hotel!

Front desk clerks are so kind and helpful. All of the staff are very skilled at what they do and want to give every person the best guest experience possible.

Front desk staff not friendly and on their phones a lot. The short Mexican/Asian front desk worker was rude, condescending and never smiled. This hotel does NOT have a pool. They boost about their sister property Otis Hotel having a gorgeous rooftop pool but AC guests are not allowed to use it. Very disappointing. If I knew that I never would’ve stayed here. I will not stay again I do not recommend this hotel.

Fairly standard AC hotel, if you need a comfortable bed, some privacy and you’re not too concerned about anything else this is it.
The rooms are tiny, very odd bathroom layout as per most AC hotels I’ve stayed at. Not really any floor space to do full body workouts in you’re room (if you’re 6’3”).
The staff is very friendly and helpful, it’s a clean hotel and fairly close to most things.
It’s a lobby elevator setup, so you go from street level up to lobby level in one elevator and then you take another elevator up to your room. I’m not a fan of these setups at all, but also do not think that’s cause for a lower rating.
All in all, the bed did it’s job. I slept, my things were safe and everyone I interacted with was friendly.

AC Hotel is the perfect location when visiting UT. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. The true stars of my stay were the Towne Park Valet Staff. John Moore was a life saver and went above and beyond what most valets would do. He helped repair my car to make sure I could leave the hotel safely and get on the road. Tyler was friendly and reassuring during this very stressful time. I cannot thank them enough. I will certainly be staying at AC again!.

I wouldn’t recommend booking this hotel. There are more Marriot Hotels closer to downtown Austin that are lower tier but offer more amenities. You cannot access the OTIS pool and the Otopia Bar and Lounge until they open for non hotel customers at 5pm. Some of the staff members make you feel like third class citiZens. All the amenities except for the gym is not accessible to any AC hotel customers. They use curtains to completely close off the AC library, AC dining area and Terrace  so that no AC customers use them. I asked about it and they told me to use the Otis Bar and Lounge area on the 1st floor. All the pictures on their site is a complete lie. You’re literally paying for a room. Courtyard Downtown Austin and Aloft on Congress are better than this AC hotel. Just booked the OTis hotel because the AC hotel staff are literally telling you to use Otis things. Both elevators to your rooms have a musky/ moldy smell and appears that the staffs don’t have any sense of smell. The bathroom in my room on the 6th floor keeps making this humming noise which is so loud that you can hear it in the hallway and you’ll have to close the door to the restroom to damper the noise when you go to sleep. It’s not worth your stay. Trust me.

Nice hotel and close to the university.   Would stay again

I loved the hotel itself, it's modern and nice. It was weird getting there, there's no signs for valet, and we waited about 7 minutes before going into the building to ask for an attendant. Isaac (I think it's his name; tall with long curly red hair), was the most apologetic, polite, friendly guy in valet. It's SXSW weekend, so we expected the hotel room parties and drunk people in the elevators and hallways, but the entire floor reeked of weed. The front desk was very nice, and did not hesitate to move us to another floor before sending security to investigate. Overall, pleasant stay.

Overall pretty nice stay.  The bartender took my card to open my tab and never gave it back.  No one apologized until the day I was checking out.  I spoke to at least 10 ppl, only 2 really looked, so I'm disappointed in that.

I would absolutely never stay at this hotel again. Extremely rude service at the front desk, terrible valet and dirty rooms

Cool layout

Rooms are small but very cozy and very nice.

It's new and modern!

The staff was very accommodating and courteous. The hotel was clean, relaxing and very quiet. The rooms are significantly smaller than the other AC Hotels that we have stayed at but, that’s not too much of a big deal!

Service is not 24 hour you have to pay $32 plus a night for parking you have no microwave the room is small no refrigerator the only benefit is that you get good TVs and a small shower don’t stay here it’s not worth it go somewhere else paid 1027 and I’m leaving  on my first night

Condescending and rude staff I would not recommend staying here.

Great place
Room was a bit small
No fridge

This hotel is very nice but what made it a huge difference was how kind Carter was, I had so many questions about our stay. He took his time to looked for best deal for me and my family and answered all the questions I had. He was patient and very polite. Best customer experience! Thank you Carter!

Nice, clean room. The Acres restaurant on the bottom floor is incredible. Loved it

Very comfortable stay. The room was very nice. The attached restaurant is fantastic.

Nice, clean pretty much as expected...

Room was small. But it was a great stay. Staff were excellent and I loved the location.

Very nice rooms, clean and modern. Restaurant downstairs was really good. They seem to sacrifice a bit of comfort for luxury. Not as many amenities as less boojy hotels. I assume if you're staying there for pleasure then you have the money to spare, and don't need to microwave anything or do your own laundry.

After a 3 day stay, I had no housekeeping service, despite asking 4 times. I had a reservation for 3 nights that was confirmed on arrival, and after 2 nights they said I was supposed to be checking out. The ‘AC kitchen’ is not open (which is not on the website), so no convenient food available. Convenient location for campus, but really disappointed in my stay.

Beautiful hotel rooms are a bit small but your in Austin you shouldn’t be in your room lol.  Shower is great nice and big and great water pressure and beds are extremely comfortable!

Beautiful great views and no disruptive guest

Everything was amazing. Still wondering what air freshener was used in the lobby and the elevator that went from ground to lobby. I need this in my house.

Did not clean up room when asked, food is over price and do not have the proper condiments for food served. But it is conveniently located...

Very nice and clean

Beautiful new hotel.  I was so pleased with the quietness of the hallways during the night times.

Drove up and there was no help getting in.  Rooms are tiny. Not anything like any AC I HAVE STAYED IN BEFORE.  Would not recommend

I am not impressed. I didn't add pictures because the ones already posted are pretty accurate. The rooms (or at least mine) are small. It has an open bathroom concept, so the toilet is the only thing behind a closed door. No fridge and NO POOL! Very disappointed about no pool.
Also parking is rather expensive. $32/day to self park and $39 for vallet. The only thing I really like about this hotel is the awesome shower.

The hotel was beautiful, quiet, and clean. Every staff member we encountered was friendly and helpful. Emily was the first person we met. She did our check in and she was so warm and welcoming,  she started the stay of right! The Otopia pool/ lounge/ bar was beautiful and relaxing. My new favorite Austin hotel!

The room looks nice. Pictures showed that they have a pool- which they dont! It is the pool from another hotel and if you want to enjoy it you have to pay resort fee per person of 45$. A/C was horribly loud and woke us up every single time it was working ( even though my husband was getting up to shut it down.... it was still working!!!!!!) every single time someone was leaving, entering their room you could hear everything from the hallway! Online they offer breakfast for 30$ but their breakfast area is not working so breakfast is only at the otis hotel!!!!

OVERPRICED! We did not enjoy our stay at all. The parking was confusing, the garage was listed as the otis hotel, we had to call and clarify where we were to park. They charge $32 for parking per day. The parking spots were really small making it difficult to get in and out of the car. They charge $49 per person for use of the pool. Did not like the fact that you have to use your key card to activate the elevator to be able to get to your floor. The rooms were really small and had thin walls. We could hear the people next to us. There is no mini fridge, no ice maker, no fan in the bathroom, and no microwave. The bed and pillows were uncomfortable. There is no lock on the restroom door. The restroom door made an extremely loud squeaking noise every time the door was opened or closed. To top everything off, our room and ants. We would never stay here again.

overpriced, room was small, no microwave or mini fridge in room, pillows sucked, could clearly hear the people next door.

Clean, quiet, and an overall pleasant stay.

Zak is the best bartender I’ve had in FOREVER. Attentive, runs the bar by himself incredible. Makes fantastic drinks. Big fan 10/10!!!!

The staff is nice and professional.  Glenn  and Chris were awesome. The other staff members were great- I didn't get their names(young woman with short hair and young woman with long dark hair). All very helpful and kind.
The hotel is nice and clean. Nice decor in the prime downtown location!

Great customer service. Very clean. Spacious rooms. However, no fridge or microwave in the rooms, and they allow dogs so you may have to deal with barking. Just let front desk know and they will take care of it.

I booked this hotel because of the high reviews. I do not understand why it received high reviews and my stay was regretful.  I was shocked by how tiny the room (basic room) was and there isn't enough privacy from the bed to the bathroom. You can hear everything.  The bed and pillows are something I would expect at La Quinta. My husband and I woke up tired and with a headache.  The shampoo/conditioner/body wash is horrible. My hair felt dirty after it dried and skin itchy.  The parking situation is horrible. Prepare for your car to get dinged because parking is tight.

The one positive thing is that the customer service was pretty good.

We took a weekend getaway to Austin to relax and rest up.  We left exhausted and regretted staying here.  We should have stayed elsewhere or stayed home.

Insult to injury. Last night about 11:30 pm my credit card notified me of a $30 charge. I was sent an invoice with a charge from the bar. I called the front desk and it turns out that the bartender charged drinks to the wrong peson. There was another room with my last name, but we checked out that morning? So how was I even in the system if I checked out already? So that was disturbing.

Great hotel. The property is beautiful, staff is nice and well trained. They go above and beyond even if short staffed.

Nice hotel, helpful staff.  Be aware that there is a $48 a day fee to use pool.  Also $32 a day self parking ($39 valet).

Clean, fair price.

Great staff but there was no  fridge in the  room 😕

Nice hotel, good located. However have a BIG problem on house keeping, I stayed 1 week and they cleaned once! asked 3 times without success. Not sure what else to say

The hotel is beautiful but extremely overpriced in my opinion. The rooms are TINY, it’s a total catfish compared to what we saw online. There was no microwave and my friend who got a separate room was charged (along with us) for parking even though we drove there together. It’s not close enough to 6th street to walk, still have to Uber.

Very convenient location if you want to visit Austin for roaming around.

Clean and very comfortable 💕

I’ve been waiting in the lobby and calling the front desk for 30 min... they charged me for parking at the front desk. I go to leave the parking garage and it won’t let me leave unless I pay again. The room was nice but this is enough to ruin my stay. Hopefully they refund my second payment for parking.

Great hotel. Lobby is in the second floor. Clean rooms.

Loved this hotel and staff!!! I will stay again when I’m in Austin!!!

Although this hotel lacks some of the finer  amenities that other posher hotels have--like hot tub and bathrobes--it excels at the basic features that everyone really wants out a hotel, i.e. quality of rooms and bathrooms.

The rooms and bathrooms go beyond simply being a place to stay overnight. They are beautiful places that are aesthetically pleasing to the eye. It's a clean room (literally) and has a modern decor and color scheme. I happened to stay in double queen bedroom, and the room space errs on the smaller side. What it lacks in space though, it makes up for in  aesthetics.
Perhaps I may be a bit biased though, as I appreciate modern interior design to traditional vintage interior designs.

But I digress. The bathroom is simple, but also looks sleek enough to be instagram-worthy. The shower is a fountain shower with all the necessary toiletries included.

Even the TV in the room is nice. It's an actual HD LG flat screen TV; not some random bargain bin 10 yr old LCD screen. It comes with cable, HBO, and other streaming services (that you have a subscription to).

As for the location, it's adjacent to the University of Texas. This can work to your advantage depending on if you're visiting UT--for say, an academic reason. If you're looking to enjoy the nightlife entertainment of South Downtown Austin, then there are some other better hotels location-wise.

Overall, this hotel will provide you all the basics, and then some. What's also worth mentioning is that the parking here ($32/night) is cheaper than the posher hotels. The one area that it lacks in is regarding some of the finer amenities. But, if we're being honest, with so many hotels closing their community amenities (due to Covid-19), is it really that big of a deal breaker?

Neat place, clean and comfy beds. Convenient to many restaurants.

Stayed here the weekend of 04/31/21 Overall stay was great, check in was a little confusing for the AC hotel since it is located on the 2nd floor of the building which is shared with the Otis hotel. Location isnt necessarily in downtown Austin but very close about a 5 min drive to rainy and 6th street. If you are big on skyline views you wont get them here but it is an overall nice hotel. Room didn't come with a fridge but loved the rain shower head and restroom good toiletries (korres) shampoo soap and wash. Definitely check out both bars the hotel offers they have great bartenders and a variety of drinks. Glen was also very helpful and took great care of us and our request. Would recommend this place for a quick get away trip!

I stayed at the AC Hotel for a work trip this past week and had a good experience. The hotel is a very open concept (see photos), which I wasn't personally a fan of. Nothing bad, just not my preference.

The AC Hotel shares a parking garage and main elevators with The Otis Hotel next door. In an effort to reduce staff (thanks to Covid), The AC had their restaurant & bar closed so you had to walk next door to eat or get a drink at The Otis.

The fitness was center open & it was very clean. There is a small store near the front desk where you can buy snacks, necessities & even wine. The staff was very helpful & attentive.

A few things to keep in mind if your traveling to Austin anytime soon:
- They're still pretty locked down & masks are required.
- While most restaurants & bars are open, they have limited hours, menus and staff.
- The hotels aren't doing daily housekeeping to minimize touch points, but they're available if you need anything.

Overall, I had a great experience and was happy to be traveling again.

We had a great time at the AC during our trip to Austin.  We were in town for a wedding with a very tight schedule and the staff was very helpful in accommodating any issues that may have come up.  Glen was always extremely patient and proactive in assisting us even when they had internet issues.  We will definitely be back!

Thanks!

Chic, modern design and very clean.  Excellent location for UT activities.  The bed was very comfortable. The room is a tad bit on the small side but they make good use of every inch.

Facility - 5 stars
Rooms - 5 stars
Service - negative stars if I could

First time in Austin and I wonder if this was exactly the kind of Austin folks that my friends were talking about - Condescending and self assuming. Came to the hotel at 10am and the guy at the front desk told me that the room would be ready between 11 and 2pm. Therefore I went out, did some stuff, and came back to the hotel at 245pm and was told that the standard check in time was 4pm. The same guy said "you should have listened carefully to what I am saying - EARLY check in is 11-2pm". Ok... definitely not a good feeling/ experience to be told off by a hotel front desk that I am not listening. For somebody with so much pride, personally I think, definitely not the kind of folks you would want in the hotel industry. Also, feed back to the same guy - you can definitely type faster and be better around your way around computers. I definitely cringed at how slow he was around the systems.

This hotel is one of the cutest and most thoughtful I’ve ever stayed in! The layout is simple and I truly appreciate not having carpet floors. It is extremely clean! Our room had a city view, a stand up shower with a separate area for the bathroom. The location is right near food and not far from downtown. There is a rooftop bar/pool available for guests and was one of the best parts of our visit. The staff is incredibly professional and sweet. Would recommend this to anyone traveling to Austin!

Only downsides we ran into are there are no ice machines on the floors (but ice is available in main lobby) nor is there a fridge. Also the area is near a university so there is a much younger crowd hanging out at night.

40 dólares por parking por unas cuantas horas

Need refrigeration and microwave in rooms. Ice would be nice too!

Enjoyed my stay, friendly staffs. Very clean room, set up is nice. My only problem was not having a refrigerator in the room. Internet is Good. I would have given 4 stars because of the refrigerator issue but then, I can't. Hotel worth nothing more than 5 stars or even 6 stars.

Amazing hotel

Staff was very helpful at checking into the hotel. Valet was very polite. Rooms are very clean. Our stay was excellent.

Loved this hotel. The parking garage is directly under the hotel, so it's just an easy elevator ride to the car. It's very dog friendly, and my pup loved staying here! Great views of UT. Room is bright, modern, and well appointed. Wonderful staff with excellent customer service. The location is convenient to many eateries nearby. Hotel was taking all proper precautions for COVID. Great place to stay near UT and in Austin.

Absolutely love this Marriott Flag and this new property is stunning!  Connected to The Otis, there is a fantastic bar/restaurant and if you happen to be in to bourbon, you are in for a treat.  Benjamin was tending bar during my visit and he was just awesome.  I was so grateful to be able to have a drink indoors and having such a kind bartender made my evening feel like Christmas.

The property is spotless and the rooms well appointed.  My room has everything I need while traveling for business.  The bed is comfortable and the linens fresh and clean.  I should also note that the young woman at reception was also super welcoming and professional.

Nice hotel, friendly staff. Choose a rate that includes parking to save money.

This hotel was phenomenal!! A bit small but it was exceptionally clean, the front desk staff was AMAZING!! They met every request, they accommodated us in every way! I can’t remember the short young lady with the short hair cut and Glen!! Both of them deserve to be recognized! They were amazing!!
Bed was okay. Towels were super soft and comfy. Our room was clean!! The other young lady with brown hair came to change our sheets upon request!!!
The area was ok. Wish it was more to do. More to eat. This is the university area so it was tons of college kids and fast food places. Not really any good eateries in my opinion. Definitely would recommend staying at this location if you were interested in a modern European style suite!!

Wonderful stay! The bar on the first floor was definitely the best part. Great music and very modern astentic

Hotel is well located in a nice part of downtown, very chic.. nice comfortable bed, clean, and the gym is clean and well equipped. Had a really pleasant stay.

Great place. Everything within walking distance.

Great hotel, wonderful staff, highly recommended!

This place definitely improved this area of west campus into a nicer area.

We enjoyed our stay. The place is very new, stylish, and is in a nice location. We had a room with two queen beds and it was big enough for 3 adults and a child.

Nice clean new rooms. Great value.

Un parqueo demasiado caro.

-Stayed at this hotel for a Sommelier workshop late February and the experience was top notch. Starting from the Valet, where a young gentleman assisted me in cleaning my car, to the front desk booking a restaurant reservation, the service and attention to detail are of the highest degree. Other notable areas to mention;
- Great breakfast
- Clean and modern rooms
- Stylish and upscale business bar
- Proximity to UT

Thank you for the great experience!

Very nicely done and recently opened hotel close to the UT campus.  Rooms are a little small but have a modern, clean feel to them and with some nice amenities like two head shower, huge tv and very nice lighting.  You can tell a lot of thought was put into it.  I didn’t love the bed for comfort but maybe that was just me.  Lobby is a floor up from entrance and no stairs which seemed conceptually to be a little strange to me.  I will say this that over a four day stay the staff at this hotel were as welcoming, friendly, and helpful as any hotel I have ever stayed at.  Multiple staff remembered me by name after one meeting.  Really well trained though and petty as it may be made me feel welcomed and appreciated.  I would have handed out several gold stars.

We drove out from DFW to get away for the weekend, and we are very happy with our choice to stay at this hotel. We usually book the Omni, but as soon as we pulled up, the valet guys and bellman were very nice and helpful and that won us over. When we started unloading our luggage, Cody (The Bellman) was highly welcoming and happy to help us with our things all the way to our room. He even waited with us in the lobby, while we checked into the hotel. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the TV is nice and big! Also, as we went in and out of the hotel, the reception desk was very friendly and always made sure we had everything we needed. Overall the customer service and experience was great! Way better than the Omni, to be honest. Huge shoutout to Cody the Bellman for welcoming and helping us from check-in to check-out.

Only suggestion we have is to add a mini fridge to rooms in the future.

Thank you!

Stayed for 2 nights from Friday 2/21. I've stayed in a lot of hotels and AC went above and beyond my expectations. The staff was very kind and accommodating. The building was beautiful and the rooms are clean and stylish. I dont really have any glaring negatives. The things I would improve is the light from the smoke detector can be kind of bright especially at night. Having to request ice from the front desk was different but the staff was quick to bring it to the room. Would be nice to have room service. Hopefuly this is something in the works. Lastly, a fridge in the room would have been helpful.

Now for the more important part... the good! I asked the front desk for a place to watch the boxing match and Emily at the front desk went above and beyond to find a location, call the location, confirm that the fight was being shown and then call me back with all of the information. It was a nice touch and kind gesture that you dont really see nowadays (I'm 37 btw so dont get carried away with the old man jokes 😉)

Overall....this was my first time to Austin and the location of this hotel could not have been better. The staff is amazing, the building is brand spanking new, Marriott hotels always have great beds, the TV in the room was nice as well. Love the ceiling to floor window in the room as well! 5 stars would definitely stay here on my next visit to Austin!!

Got to stay here first night. Really nice hotel. Great staff and very convenient. Very comfortable quiet room and brand new!!

Front desk staff Bri was arrogant and unprofessional.  Hotel also needs an upgrade and cleaning.

Location is okay. Right by overpasses and freeway. Room is good size and clean. Check in was a little confusing with a mix-up by the front desk but all resolved. Very friendly front desk personnel. Great value as well

Super great. Suites are nice and have 2 TVs, great value for your stay

Very friendly hotel.

Nothing special, but clean. Needed more of a variety of hot food items for breakfast.  Room decor on the older side.

It will cost you more NOT to stay at this hotel than it does to actually stay there. I booked several months ago, then changed plans and called to cancel. However, I unknowingly got rerouted to another hotel's front desk, and apparently the reservation never got canceled. I have now been charged 3 times by the hotel, once for the full stay amount, and twice for the first nights stay, which was the more expensive night. They did refund me for the first charge, but insist on keeping the second despite having records of my cancelation attempt, and I've been running around and around just trying to get them to respond for a month now about the third charge. Would not recommend booking at this hotel, but if you do, be sure to stay there, because they'll end up charging you more if you don't stay there than it would have cost you if you had.

GO TO THE COURTYARD

Great location right on I-35.  Friendly front desk staff.  Well-stocked breakfast with the usual continental and hot food offerings, including make your own waffles.  The room was a bit smaller than other Fairfield Inn locations I have stayed, but I was just there one night, so no big deal.  The bed and pillows are comfortable.  I would stay here again.

Kinda dumpy, a little dirty and beat up in the common areas (like missing trim in the elevator) but the staff is nice. Gave us some freebies from the snack shack for a minor inconvenience. It was cheap so I’m not gonna complain too much. Room was clean and that’s all that matters.

As I SeeIt:  A guide for the blind and visually impaired.  Asmost hotelsdo,thisone makes it difficult to see much of anything.  Lightingis horribly inadequate for those of us who areseverely vision impaired.  It was clean and the bed was comfortable, but not indistinguishable from dozensofother hotels for the most part.  Sort of like oatmeal, it is blnd and has noflavor of its own.

I love the whole marriott chain

Excellent hotel. Good distance from Moody center. Bed is very comfy. Breakfast was delicious. Front desk courteous. Highly recommend

Hotel staff are very friendly. I initially booked the wrong type of room — a king bed for three guests. Upon explaining the situation, the hotel staff promptly and graciously accommodated us by switching to a room with two queen beds, without any hesitation.  kudos to the staff .

front desk worker so mean and ankindeble

The staff is excellent.. the manager, housekeeper, and front desk clerk all outstanding. The problem with this place is the use starlink for their Wi-Fi. The speed barely breaks 10 Mbps.. I had a very very important zoom session that I needed to join for work and the Wi-Fi could not support the call it kept freezing and it's just completely unacceptable. There's no reason for this location to not use regular internet service instead of Wi-Fi that is meant for RVs and areas where regular service just isn't available. Other than that this is a great place to stay.

Dear Fairfield Inn & Suites University Area Team,||I wanted to take a moment to express my sincere gratitude to the entire staff at the Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott – University Area, Austin for consistently providing such exceptional service during my stays. I frequent this location often, and each visit truly feels like my home away from home.||From the front desk team to housekeeping and the maintenance technicians, every member of your staff goes above and beyond to ensure a welcoming and comfortable guest experience. Your professionalism, attention to detail, and genuine care make all the difference, creating an atmosphere that is both warm and inviting.||Thank you for always making me feel at home while traveling. Your hard work and dedication do not go unnoticed, and I deeply appreciate everything you do to make each stay so positive.||With gratitude,|Anthony M.

I stayed here for 4 days and as we got there I was told the lifts were down but as we were on ground floor that didn't affect me. After a couple of days I knocked a bottle on the floor and as I picked it up I noticed a bottle of lube under the bed and bracelets (those with letters on spelling crude things) so the cleaner didn't really clean it.  Saying that tho the receptionist was nice and full of advice on things to do etc.

I walk a lot and I know places in the US are not intended for people like me however I found a nice easy walk direct from hotel to 6th. Also about a mile away there is a good strip of cafes and bars.

Worst Marriott I've been to by far

No working elevator until the very last day. The tv in the room didnt work either  Housekeeping did not show up on the day they were scheduled to tidy up room and bring fresh towels even though the front desk was reminded that same morning when we were leaving to explore.

Perfect location for a weekend in Austin. 10 mins from the city center and also close to some attractions that are outside the city! It is right near the interstate, which obviously isn’t the best for a view but it is convenient to travel either direction. The hot breakfast was surprisingly good. Waffles, juice/milk, eggs, sausage, bacon, cereal, bagels, fruit, Etc.
The Wi-Fi worked well.
The room was nice.
I never had trouble finding parking for the rental car.
Receptionist was friendly.
I spent 3 nights there and got a great rate.

Recently remodeled and is in gorgeous condition. Loved my stay and enjoyed the breakfast. The whole property is in great shape now.

Evening clerk was so helpful

Great hotel. Nice, clean, great value. Underground parking to avoid heat and hail. Great place to keep car when going on an air trip. Shawna at the front desk super helpful and professional

Great stay!! Thank you Juanita for making our overnight stay perfect!

Great room. Excellent location. All the people were very helpful.

I arrived on Friday afternoon . The night before the city of Austin had severe storms . The hotel was mostly on the dark and I understood it wasn’t their fault . I decided to stay as long as my bed was comfy , ac worked , I had partial light , and some outlets worked I was ok with it.Thank you very much to the front desk so polite . I know where I will be staying next time i visit Austin !!!

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Won’t open the doors for long time customers even if you’re trying to book a room. I explained I am a Marriott Member and I am a disabled woman and he wouldn’t open the door and kept talking over me. Incredibly disrespectful and rude .

Beautiful

Not my usual Austin Marriott, but I stayed here recently and had a very good experience. Rooms were clean, hotel was mostly clean (more on that in a second), and the service was excellent. Juanita the night auditor made check-in a breeze and the staff in the day was helpful.

The hotel is currently undergoing (needed) renovations, but the areas of the hotel which have been completed look good. The pool was shut down when I was there but there's another Marriott property that abuts this one behind which has a pool that you can use if you're staying here during the reno project, which was a very nice touch I thought.

Location is good, the hotel itself is quiet but it's right next to the interstate which makes transit super easy.

Would recommend.

Spacious rooms in clean, friendly hotel with amazing staff. I stayed here for SXSW 2025. Bri and Juanita took care of everything including the unexpected. One of my guests fell ill on the day we were checking out. She was unable to move or travel at that point, so Bri and Juanita helped me extend her stay. Their warmth and caring really impressed me as oftentimes in business travel it's not even possible to speak to a person to see if help is available. I also called back later with some questions about my bill, and Bri walked me through the details. Thank you so much Bri and Juanita.

I highly recommend this hotel when visiting the Austin area. Lyft rides to downtown and the convention center were very affordable too.

Spacious rooms in clean, friendly hotel with amazing staff. I stayed here for SXSW 2025. Bri and Juanita took care of everything including the unexpected. One of my guests fell ill on the day we were checking out. She was unable to move or travel at that point, so Bri and Juanita helped me extend her stay. Their warmth and caring really impressed me as oftentimes in business travel it's not even possible to speak to a person to see if help is available. I also called back later with some questions about my bill, and Bri walked me through the details. Thank you so much Bri and Juanita.||I highly recommend this hotel when visiting the Austin area. Lyft rides to downtown and the convention center were very affordable.

We arrived very late in the evening and the hotel employees were wonderful and the breakfast was good.  However, there is construction surrounding the building and the air conditioner was either on at full tilt freezing the room or off.  The rest of the room was comfortable and clean.

Clean comfy room and not far from my destinations downtown. A great affordable option for someone who has plans downtown and doesn’t mind using ride share. Great service from front desk, especially Juanita. Will stay here in the future.

This hotel is NOT conveniently located to the University. They should not advertise that, it’s very misleading. Also, the location is in a very shady neighborhood. It’s right next to IH-35 in an area where they are a lot of homeless camps. There was a lot of police presence at night as we watched from our window.  You know it isn’t safe when you have to be “buzzed” into the hotel. My kids were terrified! The rooms are very run down and smell like mildew. The furniture is outdated and lack basic toiletries. The AC didn’t cool and the bedsheets were stained.  Staff was not welcoming or friendly for that matter. And the management was even worse! They weren’t phased about my complaints of the smell and the cheaply made broken furniture. They never tried to make it right nor did they apologize. In fact, they charged my credit card for that broken dresser a couple weeks later after I told them about it when i checked in. I don’t think the renovations they are undergoing are going to fix the root of their problems!! They need new management. I will never stay at this hotel again!

First off, this hotel is in the worst location. They should not be allowed to advertise they are the “university” hotel because they aren’t even close. They are also situated right by 35 where a lot of homeless ppl camp. There are no security guards so watch out for your vehicles! You know it isn’t safe when you have to be “buzzed” in the front door. We actually saw some shady activity in the empty parking lot from our window. The hotel was undergoing renovations and the entire building smelled of paint! Had they posted it in the website, as any hotel should be required to do so, we would not of chosen this place. Unfortunately, we were in one of the older rooms. It was very run down with old (and broken) furniture, outdated TV, smelly curtains and stained sheets! The towels were also stained, there was no toiletries, one elevator was down, no working ice machine, and the breakfast was pathetic. Bri, the shifty office manager, could have cared less about our complaints. In fact, we left a day early because we were so displeased with hotel and staff. It was that bad that we didn’t care about the money we lost!  To add insult to injury, hotel charged my card a couple weeks later for that broken dresser! The General Manager Mr Patel, was unapologetically dismissive and put the responsibility on me because I could not remember the front desk lady’s name who I complained to about the cheaply made furniture. I will never stay at this Marriott again.

The room was clean and well kept, however the sheets and pillows were damp as if they didn't have time to dry. The google images show a pool but they no longer have one on the property so i was misled. For the price compared to most hotels in Austin I would stay again.

Property was being renovated when I got here.  It was not mentioned when I booked it online.  Hotel was solid though and with renovations could be a good option.  I may try it again for work if in the area and renovations are complete.  Low rating due to the room I stayed in not being renovated yet....was a little rough.

NO dogs! NO smoke! Newly renovated, close to downtown.  Excellent value.

Do not understand the separate fee to pay for the hotel's franchise tax.  It should just be part of the room charge.  Now I have to look for a new go to hot in Austin.

The place was below my expectations. Poor breakfast.

This hotel is currently in the process of being renovated.  We were given an already renovated suite. I have no idea what corporate is thinking, but the new design is awful.  The room was cold and austere looking. It is obvious that cutting costs was tops  in the mind of the corporate remodel designer.  There is now only one nightstand on one side of the king bed, with a gaping space on the other. We ended up getting a cardboard box from a store and using it as a nightstand so there would be a place to set a phone and a water bottle.  |There is no longer a clock in the room.  No longer a luggage rack.  No longer a pad and paper on the desk.  The desk lamp is dim and only illuminates a third of the desk area. Our suite was lacking a microwave. There was no extra pillow or blanket in the closet, and our room was very cold.|I have no idea who was paid to design this remodel, but it is awful.|On the plus side, the staff at the front desk were wonderful and the hotel was clean and quiet.

No ac, no hair dryer

This hotel does not have a pool as advertised and the rooms are not very nice. The photos are misleading.

I booked this reservation as a Bonvoy Member through their app. Hotel is still under renovation on the first floor with no bathroom. I booked a king bed room that did not have a microwave nor a mini fridge. Room was not adequately furnished with the necessary toiletries. There were no bathrobes, no extra blankets in the room. No vending machines for ice on the second floor.

The hotel was apparently renovating although this isn't mentioned anywhere unless you notice all the construction items in the parking lot. Our room had new paint and new carpet, which is hard to complain about. They must have painted that day as there still the smell on the entire floor. No fridge, no trash can, no side tables in our room. The fold out couch was still strapped closed from the factory (we had to cut the straps) and remove the plastic from the mattress.  The artwork was still leaning on the floor. We asked for a new room but were told every room on the 2nd floor was in the same condition. We paid for 100% of a room but don't feel like we got 100% of a room.  Breakfast was supposed to be 6-9 but ran out of food by 820.  Not a good stay.

This review is an addition to my previous review regarding our recent issues with check in. I reached out to the hotel manager regarding the situation and she replied in a very prompt, professional, and understanding manner, offering a full refund of the amount that I paid for the room I didn’t get to use. I will give this property another chance because of her kind consideration.

I booked a room at this hotel recently through Hotwire. When we arrived to check in, I realized that I failed to bring my driver’s license. The front desk clerk refused to allow me to check in, despite the fact that I had a picture of my ID. I contacted Hotwire’s customer service and their representative phoned the front desk. The front desk clerk refused to add my husband (who had his physical ID and credit card) to the reservation so that we could check in. The rep then asked the hotel to refund our payment, but that request was also denied. The complete lack of customer service left a very bad taste in my mouth, not to mention costing us an extra $200 as we had to secure a room elsewhere.

**Reserved online for a price. Got to hotel and was charged $60 more. Tv in room was small, can’t connect by airplay because it’s not a smart tv. bathroom was clean.
**We found candy on the floor and a used sock by the bed.
**wifi is around 5mbps.
:-( Don’t recommend. There’s better places for the same price that won’t over charge.

This hotel was clean & comfortable even with renovations going on. Every staff member was polite, and friendly. The breakfast was your standard hotel breakfast, the coffee was really good. We got down to breakfast a few minutes after the close up for the day, but we were greeted with friendly faces and welcomed in. What a wonderful hotel.

Rooms are terrible. There's a stench that won't go away. The room itself actually doesn't have lights. They instead have lamps without the lamps there is no light. The bathroom doesn't have a vent. Renovation may be an excuse because this place has been under Renovation for years. The big positive for me is the staff the staff is friendly and nice but that's it. I do not recommend this place. This is the worst Marriott I've ever been to.

Stayed one night otw to San Antonio, and stayed 1 night on the way back.  Both check in experiences with 2 different ladies were unpleasant and fell short of standard.  I will pay more to stay elsewhere going forward.

And the hotel isn’t even on par with most budget level hotels.  Tiny TV, older FFI design, pool is full of boxes and equipment, tiny sad barebones fitness, below budget breakfast…

The only thing good about this place is the room was clean and it is centrally located to most of the city…but at the very least get the easiest part of hospitality right by providing a pleasant welcome…no one wants to drive through traffic in the hot summer and deal with a GSA hassling a guest with an unpleasant attitude.

I miss the days of skip the desk check in

I was very happy with our stay. From the check-in, the room cleanliness, amenities and breakfast. There was some renovations going on but we hardly noticed. The only thing I had to complain was if you were coming off the freeway you better be ready to make a couple of quick lane changes and a sharp turn otherwise you have to drive around and try again.

Decent

A bit dated, but currently undergoing renovation.

Very old hotel with outdated equipment and unclean room conditions

I was in town for the weekend to attend a concert at Moody Center and did not want to face the crowds and prices of downtown Austin, specially during SXSW dates.||The front desk was really friendly and was able to give us an upgrade when asked. Room was spacious and clean, despite the beds not being made for some reason.||Breakfast was standard, I missed more fruit options.

No additional towels available. No blanket available for pullout sofa. Sofa bed uncomfortable and stained. Shower only got slightly warm but never hot. Check in front desk attendant was not welcoming. No complimentary water offered or in room. Humid/damp feeling room. Leak from the ceiling. Hotel also under construction in hallways but not noted on website.

We were pleasantly surprised with the bathroom.  Our room had a new faucet and shower. For the low price, we were expecting to get what we paid for. They have recently renovated the bathrooms and they even put a new carpeting. It is still an older hotel, but it was exactly what we needed. Check out the Amaya Mexican restaurant next-door… Another pleasant surprise!

TV didn't work employees seem like foreigners I could be wrong but it looks like furnace may be taken over this location my TV didn't work they didn't want to compensate me didn't want to put me in another room no microwave in the room I won't ever stay here again

O quarto era extremamente barulhento. Nos deram um quarto ao lado da "casa de maquinas" do andar. Na segunda noite, fui pedir para trocarmos de quarto pois não conseguíamos dormir. A recepcionista da noite muito nervosa e de má vontade me deu um quarto ao lado da lavanderia. Retornei e disse que não poderíamos ficar lá. Ela começou a ficar mais nervosa, disse que não trabalhava na recepção e começou a me tratar mal. Quando fui tentar falar com ela, ela começou a me ofender. Tudo isso na frente do meu filho...uma vergonha. Com certeza nunca mais  volto neste hotel.

Another Fairfield another day. This is fine. Everything seems clean and good and on point with Marriott standards. The location works for me to visit my son. The price is cheap. Lots of restaurants nearby. Super convenient.

The beds that they have in this hotel will make you never want to leave I had the best night sleep of my life I highly recommend you go check it out if you're in town on a visit

Comfortable room. Standard breakfast. Pretty good location. Worked for me.

Best sleep and breakfast. Very nice staff experience

I recently had to take my mother to get a heart procedure in Austin, and they expect you there early.  We live in San Marcos, but we don't have an automobile, and it's very unlikely to get an Uber in San Marcos at 5am.  So we needed to stay over in Austin the night before to get to the hospital on time.  There were some budget tier motels very close by, but I wasn't willing to subject my mother to the standards which often exist at that price point.  The Fairfield Inn seemed like a good option, there were some others close by, but Fairfield is what I decided on. I don't believe I've ever been to a Marriott owned property before. Some residents I know who live in Austin, as well as other reviewers, cautioned me to be careful because the motel is located in a "sketchy" neighborhood. I suspect this is more due to vagrancy than criminality. I did not feel unsafe inside the motel, which are all interior entrances. It is right by the freeway, I would not necessarily feel safe walking for any length outside. The room was generally nice and clean. I felt the carpets were clean enough to walk barefoot. It could have used an extra lamp; I moved the one over to the side of the room. The (new) mattress was soft, the pillows were spongy; not exactly to my liking, but that's a very individual thing, I'm not taking off points for that. I was surprised to discover, confirmed by the manager and by me checking it out afterwards, that Marriott doesn't put can liners in the trash cans.  I think this is mistake, but I won't take points off for that either, just remember to bring your own trash bags. The room came with a fridge but not a microwave, though there is a microwave for use in the lobby. I asked for a room with a microwave and fridge. They said all rooms come with both, so staff was either lying or misinformed. There was a new clerk training when I checked in so... They also said the room would have a bathbench in it, per my request; it did not.  This was not essential, so I didn't complain, but again it would have been nice to have been properly informed.  There was also a $20 deposit for "incidentals" which I can understand but the my reservation, made direct on the Marriott website, never said anything about it.  The manager said the authorization would fall off in seven days and it did.  The fridge itself has some sort of energy saving setting, which you could override, but not in perpetuity, so I did override it but had some concern that the food we brought was not going to stay cold; however, it did stay cold. The ice machine was the old style "scoop" which some might consider a less sanitary option, however everything looked clean to me. The air conditioning was loud but functioned very well; the loudness did not bother me at all, but it does some people so keep that in mind. The breakfast was adequate but disappointing.  There was a lot variety there, and I did sample the variety because I was unsure when I'd be eating lunch that day.  The eggs and bacon were pre-fab, edible but not really great tasting.  The oranges were yellow, I think they were Bergamonts, there were not that pleasant. The breakfast muffins were dry. There was cereal, waffles, yogurt, all of which I sampled, and I'd opt for those were I to return. The night shift clerk (I think her name was Juanita?) was helpful with a small problem my mother had.  Overall, I had a pleasant stay and would consider returning.

The front desk guy he don't know what he's doing honestly 🙄. Hope the owner find something better.

I stay in a lot of hotels... This one is okay.  The breakfast was wonderful and the beds were comfy. It's much older and some of the Wall paper was peeling up. The pool was icy cold. You cannot get in from the sides. When we arrived, the bathroom floor was sticky. I asked for a mop and was actually handed a mop... I'm good with it, but I was a bit surprised. Usually there's an apology and someone comes in and cleans up. Apparently housekeeping was gone for the night and the front desk guy was required to stay at the desk. So he showed me the cleaning room and said I was free to use what I needed.
My mom also stayed with us. She had an ADA room. It was acceptable for ADA, but it was a pretty tight squeeze. My dad could swing it, but he can walk a few steps to transfer. If you are completely chair bound and need to put your chair beside your bed to transfer, this room may be difficult for you. There was a shower chair and a roll in -shower, but the room itself is tight for mobility devices - especially if you are using the sleeper sofa. The microwave is also at standing height. There was not a hearing impaired doorbell.
All in all, I was comfortable and enjoyed my stay. It just wasn't quite as wonderful as other Bonvoy stays.

First thing first, this is not within the "university area" considering it would still take you ~8 min to drive to the campus.

Staff was nice, but this location could use some serious renovation and upgrades. The interior was just rough and dated, and you would see damages everywhere. Overall budget stay, but I would definitely pick somewhere north in town next time.

Room stinks

Rusty bathtub and a cockroach on the wall by my bed. The staff was very friendly but I won't be staying here again.

Great price for super clean room, full hot breakfast with egg and spinach souffles, cereals and nuts and waffles. Nice front provide 24/7 coffee and tea. Small indoor pool would appeal to kids, small workout room. All adequate for our 37-hour stay. Felt in the middle of nowhere on I-35 higway, but room was very quiet. The one Tex Mex place we could walk to was closed at our visit. But, from here it was pretty cheap to get around by Lyft.

Excellent experience thus far.

I was having a hard time and a tough night I entered hotel in a way I shouldn’t have. First thing I encountered was the front desk girl with a big smile ready to assist anyway possible. My attitude was nasty I must admit but she was so nice I had no choice but to apologize I never meant to treat her in that way she was so kind was willing to help anyway possible. She gave me great advice and it changed everything we need more people like her I’ve visited this location and have never received this kind of service until now

Bethany Is Superb! She is so nice and considerate, always strives for the best customer experience, and makes everyone feel at home. I have traveled to many Marriot properties as golden elite, and she is definitely one of the best I have met!

Here in Austin for training past 5 weeks, and am super impressed on how clean and up kept it is here. Staff is always nice, helpful and greet you with a smile every time. Breakfast is also fresh and delicious. So glad I chose this place.

Best place to stay

Decent and cozy place. They try to offer good service.

Crime is high.  Car broken into. Nice multirestaurant complex down the road.

I don't think I've had a better/more hospitable stay at any hotel ever. This staff upgraded my room, gave me a welcome gift, thanked me profusely for being Gold Elite (including a hand written note I'm keeping for posterity). The GM personally handled some request for me, comping some items along the way. I am sincerely impressed– an absolute hidden gem in the Marriott mega-network. Thank you, thank you, thank you for such a good stay over the past few days.

Great place to stay. My nieces enjoyed the indoor pool. Room was great enough for the price. Nice place to stay for an overnight stay.  Tarpan and Octavia at the front desk were very helpful and nice. Thank you.

Very expensive but you can understand why.    Super luxurious

Be prepared to spend some money, but you get what you pay for

Do not book if you are looking for a nice hotel. The room smelled of mildew and sweat. They had the AC turned off so it was extremely hot and take so long to cook down. Bedsheets had stains. We tried to check in at 3 pm their check in time and our room was still not ready.

The rooms were great and continental breaks was your standard breakfast. I appreciated the breakfast being open later on weekends.
The one issue I had was on Saturday night, June 24, around 11:30pm.
One of the front desk staff came whipping into the parking lot and into the handicapped spot in front of the hotel. I was standing smoking with my partner and we both took a step back. She then got out of the car, laughed and said, "I wouldn't ever hit you."
I then noticed there was no handicapped sticker or plate on the vehicle.
Went in after my smoke and said something only to be told by the front desk girl, "I always park here so I can watch my car, you know? I make sure that at least one of the other spots is open. I just need to watch my car."
If this is the policy or she is that concerned about what is going to happen to her car, how safe is the parking lot really? It didn't give me a lot of confidence in security or the parking lot.
Having been in multiple situations with friends who have disabilities, need that spot, I have to say I was disgusted at the response and even more so disappointed if it was a policy.
I won't be staying at this Fairfield again if that is the case.

Wow, I just got to my room. The manager at the front desk, TJ was amazing. She quickly realized my situation with my wife on the wheelchair and got us a room really fast. You can felt the genuine concern and sincere on her part. The hotel is fine and her impeccable service and care is second to none. Thank you TJ!

During pandemic and Texas Ice storm!!! I stayed (well, I couldn’t moved) because  I was on-call (close to the hospital I work) No electricity, no water, no food for 3nights) Staff was amazing!!! Those front desk ladies were awesome! The tried their best to keep us warmth and offered us some snacks, glow in the dark sticks for the night. The circumstances were horrible by they went overboard to keep us safe and warmth. I love theses ladies.

Great prices; and, what’s nice is there prices are lower than most bc they are remodeling!

Location not the best. Breakfast sparse. Room ok.

After a terrible experience at 2 other hotels, this was our third stop. TJ was amazing. The hotel looks nice, well kept, good people, and great customer service.

The room is nice, clean, bright, and updated.

Would definitely stay here again.

The manager is awesome! The owners are lucky to have her. I wish all other Marriott hotels would have had more managers like her. 🙏

The front staff Specially Octavia is exceptional.she is courteous, knowledgeable and helpful. We had very good experience.

This was a last minute stay and they only had suites available. It was only $200/night during SXSW, which is good. Super nice staff, clean rooms, huge suite with kitchen, food available nearby.

If I could give this place a 0 out of 5, I would. Had prepaid my room and when I went to check in, I was informed they had cancelled my room and told me to leave the premises. They still charged me as well for the room. Very rude and unprofessional staff. Avoid at all cost.

We had a problem with our hotel next door, and went to see if we could get a room last minute at the Fairfield. Octavia at the front desk was super accommodating, ensuring we received a room even during the busy SXSW festival. Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful, but Octavia went above and beyond in ensuring we had everything we needed. She deserves a raise!!

All the other hotels were either sold out or ridiculously expensive for a weekend, so I went with Fairfield. 2-star hotels are underrated! They had very friendly employees and the rooms were nice and clean.

Great location walking distance to Mexican and Seafood as well as Shell Gas Station. Great amenities including pool and continental breakfast, complimentary bottled waters. Staff is polite, warm, and inviting. Smaller but convenient if trying to budget.

I was happy with my stay. The team was awesome & very helpful.

Good motel experience at fair price in a location convenient to my needs

My kids literally said and I quote, “I give this place 5 stars!” The breakfast spread especially was on point! Staff so nice and amazing how they go above and beyond to keep everything clean and stocked up. Thank y’all!

Everything was exceptional 👌 and the $20 a day incidental charge I'll take that any day. They have Breakfast!!!

Staff was great. Too close to downtown for me.

5 miles from Downtown Austin. Easy drive to and from downtown.

This was a great stay with very friendly staff! CJ, the manager, was welcoming and nice! We would recommend it to anyone going to Austin.

2 stars because the staff was super friendly. Octavia made the stay a little bit more pleasant. The room was dirty, there was an old french fry visibly on the floor. There was fresh plaster on the walls from where repairs had been made. The shower did not drain and the toilet ran all night (very loud). Don’t get a room facing the highway the noise is unbearable. Definitely not up to Marriott’s standards in my opinion. I would not stay here again. Had other hotels not sold out I would’ve booked another room elsewhere.

There were 2 drug dealers "working" right outside the main entrance. No business should allow this.

The employees are very friendly and efficient.  The room layout was typical of what I expect from a Fairfield Inn, but this property is just not quite 5 star worthy.  They were a little skimpy with the towels (although they were very generous when we asked for more), and there wasn't even a bath mat. There was no fan in the bathroom,  so showers created a serious sauna effect in the room.  There was lots of highway noise (it's located right next to the highway, so that's to be expected), and they empty the dumpsters at 7:30 each morning, which may not matter if you're here for business.  But if you want to sleep in, bring ear plugs.
Overall, when compared to other hotels in this price range, I would definitely recommend.

Habitaciones confortables, recomiendo colocar tacho de basura en el baño. El hotel tiene piscina cubierta pero no estaba habilitada. Incluye desayuno. Cuenta con cafeteria self service, buen café!

The front desk manager TJ was fantastic and very accommodating! I stayed there for Labor Day weekend 2022 and she was a gem to my party, bravo.

It's all good!

Good hotel, friendly staff - all you can expect from a business hotel. The area is very iffy though - there’s a homeless people community scattered around the area and if you walk around you’ll be constantly bumping into them.

Upon initially walking into the room, I was happy with the decor. There were a few appreciable paintings on the walls, and some of the complimentary items such as the coffee pods and soaps were of a nicer quality than I have seen at other hotels. However, the problems made themselves apparent when we settled into our room.
The bathroom floor had a gross texture, which upon further inspection, was caused by dried urine that had allowed to age and get crusty. My fiance tried to clean it before her shower so that she didn't have to wear shoes out of the shower, but she quickly became frustrated with the crusty brown mess. After her shower we also realized that the curtain had several large brown spots of mold.
There were other, smaller issues, from the room still having trash under the bed from the previous inhabitants, to the smudges on the mirror, to the lack of a bag in any if the trash cans, but they were all inconsequential to the other dirty remnants in the room.
Unfortunately, the hotel is in a part of town that was more dangerous than we had assumed. It didn't look so bad, but we definitely should have noticed the red flags. Signs were plastered everywhere denouncing the hotel's responsibility regarding a potential vehicle break in or other theft, though the hotel did at least ensure that the front door was locked between 10-6 to people who did not have room keys.
All said, it was actually still a pleasant experience. The bed was comfortable, even if it could have used extra blankets, and the other amenities in the room (such as the TV, which had HBO and other streaming services for free, and the minifridge) were greatly appreciated. We did choose to skip out on the complimentary breakfast, which ran until 10, but that wasn't a fault of the hotel; we were just running out of time.

There was mold on the shower curtain in multiple spots ( significantly more than pictured) and pee that had been dried around the toilet. The water in the shower gets extremely hot like it could burn you.
The staff was nice enough, and the location is convenient but not particularly safe.

They have bed bugs and when we pulled the sheet off of the mattress we found blood stained all over the mattress like it didn't even look like it had been cleaned or tried to have been cleaned or anything

Stayed four nights recently. Old building, tiny elevator, some outlets not working, dark room, no desk light, no hot breakfast, highway noise, etc. Not worth the price.

The bed is hard as hell but other than that my stay was good. I hope you never have an issue and need a manager to assist you. I'm almost 2 weeks of calling and emailing the manager and my issue is still unresolved and he hasn't even returned my calls. I had to take a star away.

First room they gave us wasn't made up, after 5pm. Not what I'd expect from a Marriott property. Breakfast was minimal. Front desk was often not there.

I booked and paid for a king size room. I check in and the receptionist assigns me a room, I walk into the room and it is a queen size bed. I call the front desk several times and receptionist doesn’t pick up the phone. I go downstairs to ask I was put in a queen when I paid for a king. The receptionist was on her phone the entire time and told me there were no more available rooms. I asked if I would get a refund or a credit at least since I was not aware of the change. She said she’ll let the manager know and they might give me a credit of $10. I said ok and I went back into my room. Upon opening up the drawers I find a pair of men boxers in a drawer. Not only was this the WORST customer experience, but it was DIRTY.

Reserved 2, 2 bed rooms weeks in advance and they only had 1, 1 bed room available when we got there!

When my wife and I visit Austin we almost invariably stay at your Austin-University Area property, and we think it’s great. It was excellent when Elizabeth was at the helm and it is excellent now under Octavia. Our most recent stay was a few days ago, and I was extremely impressed by the friendliness, helpfulness and efficiency of all of your personnel. I have been reading some of the other reviews on this site, and I really don’t understand the hostility of some of the reviewers. It is as if they stayed in a different place. Keep up the good work!

Great location, but the hotel is poorly maintained. The rooms had unusual stink, not sure someone smoked before.

The room smelled a little funny and the TV was a little small. Service was good cleaning daily. Didn't have the chance to try breakfast. Location is a little sketchy.

Stayed in May, shocked by this chair’s condition in my room. Also the bathroom lighting was horribly dark. Could not even apply makeup with it… the rest was ok…tried posting the photo of the chair but have not been able to…

The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean.

A picture is worth than 1000 words.......

Nice hotel clean and staff is wonderful. Definitely recommend staying here for sure!!!!

Staff was good 👍

This Fairfield Marriott sits in a high crime area of the city and their cameras Do Not Work.My catalylic converter was cut and stolen from this property,only to find out by management there been multiple trucks stolen and converters cut on this property.I highly advise to avoid this Fairfield and will be contacting corporate to see if anything they will get the camera system fixed and provide more light at this location for the safety of the customer, Highly disappointed in the Marriott brand.

Very dirty and Old
Bathrooms of 16th century
Elevators dirty
Bed small then full size
Unpleasant hotel

Great staff made this a pleasant stay. Location is convenient to highways, but limited lighting in the parking area feels less safe at night.

Excellent room & great staff! Very friendly and accommodating! The manager Elizabeth is awesome! Easy access to the north loop area and downtown! First vacation I've had in a long time and it was great! Thanks again Fairfield inn and suites! 5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Staff was wonderful. Location good . And room confortable

Can feel the age of the hotel. The only advantage is it's close to UT Austin

Pretty solid hotel, but you get what you pay for. The rooms are alright but it's worth noting the employees were super friendly and accommodating. The internet speed, however, was so bad that I had to use my phone hotspot to do anything on my laptop.

Best choice!  Great location and service! Very accomodating to early check in request.  Went above and beyond! Would have loved better food options but otherwise would definitely stay again!  Love being a Bonvoy member!

Everything went well. The room was clean and the receptionist was very kind and helpful. On

Elizabeth and her awesome staff have made it so easy to resettle in Austin! I came here for work but knew nothing and nobody. My room is safe, clean and conveniently located. Elizabeth and her crew have definitely shared some Austin hospitality; I feel like I'm with family!

Great place to visit and the city is very clean,, and the restaurante are great, and everything is close to the hotel

It was ok,they say though that a lot of vehicles get broke into..

Great place easy location

The hotel may b among the smaller versions of this brand, but it was very good with the extras.  The breakfast was high quality, with fresh fruit. The entire hotel was clean and rooms were very good size with extra comfy bed. Also, the location was great, near everything, and you could walk to some restaurants as well if needed.  The check-in staff were very kind and helpful. I wish I got there names...

The only reason I would return is because of the manager, Elizabeth. She is not only an exceptionally thoughtful person, but also excels in her role as manager. We had an issue with the air conditioning in our original room and the minute we alerted her, she came to check, reassigned our room and got everything processed within a half hour. She's been such a warm presence at the front desk and we have nothing but amazing things to say about her. Elizabeth is a true asset to the hotel and deserves ample appreciation and recognition for her work.

It’s basic but clean with good service . Nice free grab and go breakfast in the morning. The tv didn’t work well but I wasn’t there long enough to care.

The staff at this hotel make you feel like family. The hotel doesn't offer fancy rooms but a exceptional clean and comfortable room.  The hotel isn't new but the warm hospitality  and location makes it an excellent place to stay.

The staff was exceptional and very kind. Enjoyed my stay very much!

Room was not very clean - maybe toothpaste on the wall, some kind of food on a chair - no face cloth or hand towel, only bath towels - extremely firm bed - poor wifi signal - no hot items for breakfast. I'll choose somewhere else next time.

Wonderful! Elizabeth helped us tremendously with checking me into my 4 rooms and dealing with my unique situation. She really took the extra time to help me out and make me feel welcome. Her and the entire staff really outdid themselves with the service and care they put in to our visit. Thank you so much! You guys rock

Friendly and helpful staff.  Great place for staying close to the university.

Super nice staff, comfy bed, hot shower!!

Good deal and excellent location. Near highway to everything. Service was wonderful.

Overal is good place to stay

Nice stay very near downtown. Very accessible. Restaurants around.

Good experience and nice people

The front desk employees helped us to not only feel welcome, but they volunteered a helpful option to allow us a late check-out.  This allowed me to get a much needed catnap which helped my alertness for the long drive home!

Great price. Friendly staff. Grab & Go Bfast was better than at some other hotels I’ve been to during the pandemic.

We arrived early and the Operations Manager Elizabeth was SO accommodating. We were able to get into our room early and they even upgraded our room to a suite. We just stayed one night but the room was clean and everything was great. The pool was unfortunately closed for maintenance, but Elizabeth also helped us use the pool next door at the neighboring Marriott hotel instead. Thanks for the awesome stay, it was fun to spend some time in Austin so close to downtown and all the fun stuff to do there.

Elizabeth went above and beyond to make us feel at home. She gave us the best costumer service we have ever experienced at a Marriott stay. 
We will definitely be coming back to this  location. Rest of staff is very friendly.

Stay here everytime i take a trip, very accommodating, clean and comfy beds

Great,  nice people at the front desk.

Hotel is pretty old and breakfast is horrible. But staff are nice and helped us a lot to make us comfortable. Any positive feedback about hotel is staff.

Please see the prior notes. I enjoyed my stay very much.

Front desk attendant was wonderful!

Enjoyed our stay, clean, quite, and friendly.

Clean room/comfortable bed, friendly staff, free self parking, no on-site bar or restaurant but variety of restaurants within walking distance, more if you drive a short distance. Free breakfast of yogurts, cereals, fruits, coffee.

All your basic room needs are met. The hotel is simple but very clean. The free breakfast is a life saver. The highlight of our stay was defenitely the customer service provided by Priscilla and Elizabeth, they made us feel so special!

Very good price and convenient location to Interstate 35.  Staff was very pleasant and the room was ok.  Small but comfortable.

Staff was nice and helpful. No continental breakfast was available this time, due to COVID safety measures, but there were a number of "grab and go" breakfast items that came pre-packaged and were readily available as breakfast items.  We enjoyed our 2 night stay, and would book here again.

Looks different than pictures, hotel is looking old. Not so clean and breakfast very bad.

Room was fine. Public spaces reaked of weed.

Elizabeth at front desk was very friendly, helpful, and professional.

Pros: central location
 Extremely comfortable bed
Accessible shower
Exemplary staff esp ELizabeth & Christian 

Con: none

Great place to stay. No microwave in rooms but other than that the staff was great and was very clean.

Ms. Elizabeth IS the BEST Manager EVER!!

Very clean room at a conveniently located hotel. Front desk staff was welcoming and helpful. The hallway smelled a little like mildew, but thankfully no smell in the room. The bed was comfortable, and suite was set up nicely. Despite being on the first floor, the room was quiet (and we were here for 2 nights on the weekend).

The location is in a bit of a shady area, and I wouldn’t recommend leaving valuables in the car. It’s also not a walkable location. However it is very convenient for driving- centrally located and a quick Uber to downtown. There are a lot of restaurants nearby to choose from as well.

Staff definitely went out of their way to make me feel welcome as a Bonvoy status holder. Despite just being a Gold Elite member we were upgraded rooms, and given bottled water on request throughout our stay.

Overall we were very happy with our visit and would absolutely stay here again.

Easy check in. Great location.  Excellent value for the money.

The facility is dirty.  In need of cash infusion

Clean, spacious rooms and common areas.  Pool is closed for interior construction repais: NOT notified on their website.

Honestly I've had a great stay here. Elizabeth at the front (unsure if she's a manager) was incredibly helpful and upgraded me and my 7 month old to s bigger room.The extra space was SO appreciated. Anyone who's traveled with babies know they come with a lot of stuff.

The internet is fast, linens are comfy, and I genuinely have no complaints.

Clean and quiet stay and it was really close to all downtime activities

I booked this hotel specifically for the hot breakfast buffet in the morning but they aren't doing that right now. It was a grab and go option. Staff was very friendly but I booked a King room and got a Queen room. I knew they were sold out and didn't know it wasn't a king until we got to our room but we had very little time to get ready for the concert we had come in town for so I didn't even say anything.

Hotel located in good area and clean.

The bed was entirely to hard with no alternatives available from the staff. Bought a 2 inch King Size pad to cure the problem. No hot items (eggs, bacon, sausage, etc) for the breakfast. And no discount on room due to no hot items.

This hotel was close to Frank Erwin Center for the concert we attended.  Hotel was clean and staff was super friendly. will definitely stay here again when in Austin

Overall, property would be recommended but would encourage Marriott to to review properly and make the necessary fixes to ensure a positive and exceptional Marriot experience.

Terrific staff led by Elizabeth!

Friendly staff.  Reasonably priced. Free Starbucks Coffee and grab breakfast.  Clean rooms.  Decent location.

So, our party went to the wrong hotel (we were staying at the Austin South location). The staff were super cool about it even though it was 130am.

This was well worth the money I paid. The front desk person named Elizabeth was especially helpful and friendly. If I have any negative it would be that the facility seemed a bit worn down. Perhaps a renovation is in order but really this was subtle and not bad

No complaints, was a comfortable stay.  I was towing a cargo trailer and was a little concerned with overnight security of parking lot.  That’s just because of seeing some homeless people around area when parking. Unfortunately you can’t escape that just about anywhere in Austin over the last few years.

The room had a very bad smell.  They have us a spray which helped but as soon as the spray wore off you could smell it again. Thankfully the staff was very understanding and friendly. That made up for the negatives.

The location was great. The room was nice, clean, and quiet. Desk clerks very nice. The breakfast was simple .

Nice place to stay that is near to downtown Austin

Property could use some updating inside, a little musty smell, but clean with a very good and attentive staff.

What a dump. I booked a king and got a top floor queen.  Hallways were sticky w/ heat and humidity in late September. Got into room and the air was off and room temp 81 degrees. So much for Platinum status. I will never stay here again…

The hotel was clean and well stocked. The staff went above and beyond to make sure our stay was pleasant.

Awesome.
They took care of me and my wife during my stay. My wife had surgery and they helped us for a week.
Will be the place I stay every time I go to Austin.

We arrived at 11:45pm the night of our check-in. Staff was friendly and helpful. When we entered our room, the mold smell was overwhelming and the AC unit was so loud, we could barely speak to one another. We contacted the front desk and they moved us to another room. I also contacted Marriott's customer service when we arrived in our new room, they opened a case and suggested that we wait until morning to request a refund or move to another Marriott location. By morning the smell of mold was nauseating, we knew we needed to move for our lungs/health safety. The staff was so kind and empathetic, they really knocked it out of the park. Unfortunately, we were unable to be refunded, because we booked the trip on Priceline (yes, I even tried to get the hotel refunded though Priceline--their service was deplorable--but that is for another review.) However, we were moved to a Marriott Courtyard that was right behind the Fairfield. Upon arrival to Courtyard, we were greeted again with immense kindness and empathy. The remaining part of our trip was elevated by how good the customer service was at Marriott--from front desk to late night customer service. I always say, its not in the problem/mistake that arrises, its in the recovery. Because of how the Marriott handled the issue, I will continue to stay with the Marriott hotels any chance I get. Much gratitude for such great customer service. Please fix the property!

Disappointed in the hotel and room very outdated

Great friendly service.

Had an amazing time at the hotel. The peace of mind that you have after coming back from your day to day schedule.

Two thumbs up all the way

Very Clean Room, Check in Area, Elevator & Parking Lot. The Staff was very friendly & helpful with our needs. 
I will definitely stay again when I visit Austin.

Hotel needs renovation.  Staff is great!

it's the best!
clean, not crowded, close to everything, and all the employees were so nice&helpful!😊

Elizabeth was great from the time of booking to checkout

I stay at this hotel from 8.20.2021 to 8.22.2021
Elizabeth is amazing!!!  She is very professional and hospitable. She has great customer service and because of her, my stay was absolutely wonderful!!!!!! I will definitely be staying there every time I go to Austin. Delanah

Great value for the money. Very spacious room, large walk-in shower, very friendly staff, breakfast included, free wifi, cold ac, soft comfortable bed.

Everyone is so pleasant and helpful during my stay. Thank you!

Great Hotel very nice staff

Lobby is clean. Fresh food. Nice staff.

We were there for a surgery procedure for my husband and they staff went above and beyond to make us comfortable

No one manned the front desk.  No one answered front desk phone.

The staff was very friendly. Especially The manager Elizabeth  was awesome she made sure we have everything needed in our room even snacks every day. We had car trouble she helped us find a mobile mecanic in Austin . This  is the best hotel to stay..please make sure to ask for Elizabeth she is the best.

It was nice and clean. Was greeted at the entrance and helped into my room in a timely manner

Nice place. Close to my event

We originally booked with LaQuinta Inn which was the worst mistake ever, but no worries Fairfield Inn came to our rescue. We went next door and the customer service representative reassured me and my family that our stay would be much to our liking. She was absolutely correct. From now on we will always book with the Fairfield Inn. Thanks so much for accommodating me and my family.

I am satisifief with their service

The staff is friendly, my room was fresh and clean and my bed was comfortable. Christian is an awesome person, I can tell he loves his job.

Christian is amazing!! I can tell he loves his job. I wanted coffee, it was a little cold. Christian made new coffee and new hot water in less than five minutes and asked if there was anything else I needed. I didn’t  go to the desk to check out but before I walked through the door, my receipts were in my email. On the way out Christian said, “have fun in New Orleans”. While checking in I told him where I would be off to next. He remembered. I didn’t get the woman’s name in the morning after checking but she was also great. I felt at home. My room was clean and fresh and bed perfect. I had a great stay. I think my whole team did. Thank you.

Great service. Cristian was excellent. Breakfast could improve.

Nice people at the front desk and very helpful. My room was never cleaned in three days and there were not enough toilet treats for us. Towels were not changed. The rooms smelled like mold and humidity.

I had a very nice stay at this hotel. I was looking for a fairly priced, clean and safe place to stay and found exactly that. The lady at the front desk was also super kind and helpful. Some things I was worried about were bugs or unclean bedding, but I didn't encounter any such issues and was overall really satisfied with my stay.

Everything I ask for...

Staff is very friendly and very helpful. Located right off of 2 major highways, quick access to anywhere in town.

They have issues with giving you the right amount of towns but are very kind. #WwW

Overall, not bad hotel for a quick visit. The area around it is my biggest hang up. Staff was very friendly.

Always book direct! Arrived to a wonderful welcome pack with my name on it, received a warm welcome from Octavia  at the front desk and my room is very clean. Great layout of the room too!
Gym and pool rooms are by appointment only, which is kind of nice, you'll have the area to yourself

The woman Elizabeth at the front desk who is there in the mornings and most of the day until night, was extremely helpful and friendly the whole weekend while me and my friends were there. Our two bed room was unavailable so she upgraded us to a suite. I would say nothing is wrong with this hotel.. you get what you pay for on the room. Thank you for a great weekend Fairfield.

Never again! At least NOT by choice!

TOP NOTCH HOSPITALITY. DURING ENTIRE STAY. I BOOKED ADDITIONAL DAYS BECAUSE I WAS TREATED SO WELL.

Room was clean and comfortable.   Staff wass friendly and very attentive.

Decent place, worth it's cost. DJ at the front desk was really nice to deal with.
Make sure to triple check your room for damages from prior to your stay. Hence the two stars.

Room was decent and the personalized tv was a nice touch but we ended up w an uncomfortable bed and towels/rags w pubic hair. When mentioned to the front desk they had an (I dont care) type of attitude and she looked like she tried to hide a giggle instead of feeling embarrassed for their service. They also allowed loitering in the parking lot/by the entrance.

Unclean. Mold on shower curtains. Mildew smell in room. Bugs came in through cracks in the ac/window.The staff was nice though.

Location is good.  Room was clean.  Staff was friendly.  Very loud in-room refrigerator.

Breakfast change to "grab and go" was not good.  The change is said to be due to Covid.  But, I believe it is only done to save the hotel money.  There are still tables and chairs in the dining area right next to the food.  Each day, people were sitting right next to the area where the food was placed.  They were maskless and eating from their "grab and go" food.  It is impossible to social distance when they have tables right next to the food.  You can not pick up the food without standing right next to the people dining on the to go food.

The hotel should remove the tables and chairs if the Grab and Go  food options are really meant to be a Covid safety feature.

We had a very nice stay at this hotel! The staff was very nice, accommodating, and when we had a change of plans, we were able to stay an extra night which was very helpful. Held our bags when we were traveling before check in. And checked in with us and made sure we were having a nice stay. Loved this location!

Decent Place to Stay at a Reasonable Rate for Austin

Hotel is great. Area is adjacent to  I 35 and gets a lot of local foot traffic.

Did not feel safe and did not want to stay on this property

The hotel is regular in all aspects

Exactly what you will spend your money on

Usually don’t make reviews for hotel workers but the front desk worker was simply amazing! She went above and beyond to make me comfortable and I truly appreciate that! Her name was Elizabeth

I will not stay at this particular location again.  The overall cleanliness left a lot to be desired.  The staff however, was very helpful.

Pasamos 3 días  en este hotel durante nuestro viaje de shopping,  el check in/out súper rápido. Cuento con elevados y dan desayuno sencillo en la mañana. Estacionamiento suficiente e internet potente. La habitación amplia (suite) con 2 televisores y un micro que puede solicitar previamente. La cama muy cómoda y la calefacción trabajando sin novedad. La habitación no pasa ruidos. El hotel luce un poquito viejo en algunas áreas, en el cuarto marcando el techo humedad vieja igual la alfombra se nota ya gastada. Protocolos del covid al 100% para el personal del hotel, no aceptan efectivo, atrás de la barra, no hacen la limpieza, peto para el huésped no pareciera que hagan recomendaciones como en el uso del elevador o comedor ( no hay marcas o separación es indicadas.

The dryer was all sticky and nasty, the ac was broken, the coffee pot looked like ig hadn’t been cleaned, the pillows had black stain on them and The bed was itchy

Great location, hotel and room very clean. Excellent staff!

Can’t say enough about how kind we were treated by Elizabeth at the from desk. She went above and beyond. A friend and I came for the weekend & were in an uncomfortable situation outside the hotel, so for the next two days Elizabeth would meet us at our parking space, walk us inside, wait for us and walk us back in when we returned & always called to  make sure that we made it to our room safe. We would apologize for the inconvenience & she would just smile & say, “us girls have to stick together.” Thank you Elizabeth, you made our stay so comfortable ❤️

Just okay. Room was clean, minimal amenities.  Pool cold. Staff helpful

We were traveling 18 hours from home.  Easy access off the Interstate.  We checked in very late and the staff was so helpful and friendly.  The rooms were clean and quiet.  Grab and go breakfast was nice as well.

We had the best experience here in comparison to the other hotels in the area.

It was nice great service very friendly alittle ways out but no bad.

Though most of the staff was friendly and helpful the reason I am giving such a low rating is that our room was not very clean. Upon our first attempt to check-in we were greeted but a lady who was quite rude and informed us that we were too early for check-in (it was around 1 pm) even though the Marriott app told us we could check-in at 12. So we left and came back around 4. This time we were seamlessly checked in by the very friendly Octavia. As we walked into our room there was a lingering smell of moldy water that we immediately noticed as well as a bloodstain on the wall in the bathroom. This was probably the first sign we should have just left but we stayed anyway. Octavia checked in with us via text shortly after we got to our room and I informed her of the bloodstain. She offered me 2000 points which I told her No, its alright because I don't frequently use hotels or points. 

The rest of our stay was fairly quiet. The breakfast was underwhelming to say the least. I was kinda bummed it was only dry/packaged foods rather than the eggs, waffles, etc that they portray you'll get. 

So overall this rating is based on the cleanliness of the hotel (they obviously arent keeping up with their sanitization protocols as they claim that they are) and the very disappointing breakfast. All the other letdowns we encountered during this visit were manageable.

Excllent staff, super friendly and helpful. Room was nice room.

Nice, clean place with a spacious room. Friendly staff. They provide breakfast even during Covid (grab and go bag).

Only down side is this place is a little dated, so the TV was pretty small, maybe ~34 in, and not very bright.

My wife and I love the Fairfield Inn and Suites Austin-University Area. It is always clean and comfortable, the people at the reception desk are always friendly and helpful, and Elizabeth Farrow has always been was gracious, welcoming and efficient. I might add that everyone at the hotel did a great job under the very trying circumstances of the cold spell in the latter part of February.

Overall great stay. Minus the snow storm and loss of electricity. Backup generators should be considered for investment.

It was pretty disappointing, really. It was valentines day night/presidents day morning so we thought it would be fun to get the kids out of the house for a staycation. The weather was also dropping so we were excited for the warmth and the indoor pool. We specifically chose this location because of the pool (and confirmed it was open and usable before we reserved).

Turns out the pool room and pool were freezing! My kids were really upset that we couldn't go swimming. We tried to make the best of our time together there anyway and we able to have a fun time playing games and watching movies in the room.

We also found a couple dead bugs under the table which was a little unsettling.

I really enjoy the layout of the king suite. It worked nicely to have a little separation from the kids at night.

The staff was very nice. Just about everything I mentioned here was out of their control and they were very kind and accommodating. When my car wouldn't start in the morning, the lady at the desk did everything she could to help us get going.

Had a lovely stay at this Marriott hotel.
- Room was clean upon arrival
- Bed was comfortable enough to me (not so much for my partner)
- Staff was friendly and quick at check-in, and understanding at check-out with changes in our plan as a safety precaution and due to the unprecedented snowy weather
- Great value for location relatively near downtown Austin (via car)

Cons:
- Right next to main motorway, slightly difficult to enter with oncoming cars
- The view is not great, if offered the option, do take the higher view. I didn't feel comfortable leaving curtain wide open facing the front parking lot on main floor for privacy concerns
- Not a big deal since I wasn't there to chill in the room but I did notice how tiny the TV was
- We didn't use this feature but while the pool is open, it is unheated
- Outer facade of building does look worn down if anybody cares about that compared to the neighboring properties

Overall, I am happy with the great value and service. Would stay again.

Front desk employees were friendly and had excellent customer service.  No complaints there at all.  Breakfast was as you would expect for this price point, and limited as you would expect due to covid.  Beds were very comfortable.  My lower rating comes from the cleanliness of the room.  Nothing overly dirty, but I also didn't get a sense the room was well cleaned.  There was lots of black particles under the bathroom towels and on the toilet tank top.  The same particles are on the fan covering in the ceiling, so I assume it fell from there.  There was also black handprints on the curtains, so that tells me the black stuff is obviously not something new.  I couldn't tell if the remote had been cleaned (other hotels I have stayed at will have them in a plastic bag or something so you know it has been sanitized).  We had about 1/3 roll of toilet paper, which was enough for out stay, but no extra toilet paper roll was left for us.  Lots of little things like that which made me wonder how effectively our room was cleaned and prepped.  We will be staying elsewhere next time.

Cant say enough good things about Elizabeth. She helped us out big time. Super accommodating.

The people who worked at this hotel were very nice and the room was clean and nice as well.

This hotel offered a clean environment, very helpful and friendly staff and a central location.  I very much recommend it.

All the people I dealt with were friendly and helpful.  The hotel seems very clean and the price was great.

Stayed Monday through Friday. Did not clean my room one time.

Friendly staff! Nice room! Good breakfast! Location was good. I had recently stayed at the embassy suites across the freeway and had I known this hotel was better I would've stayed here instead!

Rooms were nice and clean staff was friendly their was parking for 18 wheeler

Not really impressed, you can stay at other Marriott brand hotels for the same price.

Staff was pleasant professionals and even though I didnt take immediate notice they pay attention to small details. I did call and say thank you.😇
I had a loved 💔one loss to covid my fiancee and they got a card signed it and it touched me.  Its the small things 😷🙏👍.
Now I didnt open card for a week until I had left and I was at a rest stop and I saw the card, had a good cry and felt warmhearted by their card.

It was nice. Had a hotel takeover wknd here and it was amazing. Would def stay here again

I would definitely recommend this hotel, the crew hotel is very professional and care about the guests.

A+ to them

We would recommend the Fairfield because of Elizabeth and her amazing team.

This hotel has the BEST STAFF I've ever experienced. The hotel itself is dated and in need of an facelift but everything is very clean. The guests rooms are large and other amenities are easily accessible. The breakfast is much better than most hotels offer. Directly behind the Fairfield is the Courtyard University Hotel which offers dining and a bar if you don't feel like going out to dinner.

The staff here was the most gracious and helpful I have ever encountered.

Supportive staff and clean functional rooms with little hotel noise.

A great place to stay, with reasonable rates and a great location. The people at the desk and in other service areas are excellent.

This is the best place in Austin that we have found that is convenient to the University and all the important things to do in the city.  Great staff, friendly and always working towards their guest comfort.

We received excellent service. Everyone was helpful and welcoming. There honestly were no negatives in regard to our stay.

The staff were very professional and helpful.   The rooms and property were clean.   We enjoyed the free cookies!   The indoor pool is a big plus.  We highly recommend this hotel.

Our stay was brief at this hotel, but the staff made a large impact.

Such nice people.

Excellent stay and our room was clean and well appointed.

Clean. Breakfast bar had a limited but good selection. Staff are very friendly. Rooms are a little noisy due to the highway traffic.

Had a great time.  Breakfast was a great variety with fresh waffles, eggs, and sausage.  Coffee was really good all night long!  Late check out was a special gift

Great hotel and excellent staff. I would definitely stay here again!!!

Great place to stay for access to UT and areas nearby

The appearance looks a little dated but the room is very clean. The price is very reasonable considering the convenient location of 5 min to everything. Front desk staff Gabreil is very polite and friendly to everyone. Breakfast is hot and lot of selection. Indoor pool is a big plus. I would recommend to visit again.

The staff, the room, Internet, Lobby, breakfast area and the exercise room were AMAZING!!

Great stay, great price

Un concepto más logrado y moderno de suites pequeñas pero no incómodas staff super amable

Great place to stay!! Great location, great service, very clean! Off I-35 enough that you don’t hear traffic!

One of the worst experiences. Not very clean, keys did not work at checkin. And to top it off - we had two power outages - one on each day!

A great place to stay. Nice location, wonderful staff, good value, comfortable rooms. A real plus is a the sink area outside the bath/shower area.

The room smelled like mood

Very neat and comfortable

The room was very nice and clean.  The location was exactly where we needed to be.  But that bed was so hard we got little to no sleep.  Need to improve the beds.

Excellent stay very professional staff and friendly.

Very pleasant and relaxing stay!

Without a doubt, this is my hotel chain of choice, and when visiting Austin, TX in the future to visit my daughter at school, or otherwise, this will be where I stay!  Clean, convenient and super-courtesous and friendly staff!  Way to go Marriott!!!

Awesome staff clean nice place to stay .... Bacon!!

Noisy, front desk unwilling to swap rooms to a quieter location.

It's not a bad place located right near the highways and not too far from a supermarket (HEB) and a Target (this one is much closer and Ford have a grocery store in it).

Very nice hotel with an amazing staff. Mr. Nesir will take great care of you from check in till check out.

Our King suite was clean and had plenty of room for our family. The staff was friendly and welcoming. Hotel is in a great location if you are needing to be in the area of the University. We were there for a game and it was a great location. I would stay at this location again.

In a good area, lots of restaurants around.  Room was not the best for the steep price. The room also had this foul odor. Ac was not blowing that cold. Several  other hotels around, so ck them out first.

A very welcoming environment and a comfortable room; also an excellent location.

The hotel has a terrible and not welcome reception, too crowed with furniture where it should be an open space so you feel welcomed to the hotel. The area around is not so nice. The room was ok and clean! The continental breakfast was good enough with lots of choice to be in a Fairfield hotel. But I am not sure if I would like to stay there again.

Staff here are very hospitable and they actually care to make us feel welcomed. 
Rooms and facilities are on par with most marriotts I have been to. 
I

Absolutely friendly staff, great service, clean and great location.

Great place to stay

My sister and I have stayed twice here, a week in June and 4 days in September.  We love it!  It's not fancy, but very, very clean, wonderful beds, and standard but comfortable rooms and bathrooms, refrigerator, an indoor pool, and a very nice little breakfast...eggs, sausage or bacon, fruit, etc...more than enough to fill you up.  The real gem here is the staff which is exceptional.  We would definitely stay here again

This hotel had everything we needed.  It was close to the University, where i had a meeting the next day, it was clean and had plenty of parking spots.  We had a great check-in experience with two friendly and helpful staff members.  The room was clean and large, we had a suite, and included a microwave and fridge.  I would use this hotel again.

Great place to stay, very clean and friendly staff.

I was originally concerned about the area. A bit secluded and in an older area. I did not have any issues while staying here. Rooms were clean and the staff was very nice. I enjoy the restaurant across the street and the convenience of the gas station next door. If there is one recommendation I could make to the hotel, it needs a bigger lobby and breakfast area.

Staff friendly and clean.    Location was very central for Austin Texas for the price.

We enjoyed our two night stay very much!  From the time we first arrived until we left, we were greeted, given a bottle of cold water...very hospitable and welcoming!!!

The staff is very friendly & accommodating.

Nice hotel for the price. The room and building was a little dated. There was ants the room but the staff was great and they took care of all my concerns. I would still recommend the hotel chain with no complaints. They are good. Just that one was older then most.

Staff is very helpful. It was a good breakfast good staff and great overall experience

Great hotel to stay. Excellent hotel team. Enjoyed staying there. I strongly recommend it to everybody. You will enjoy your time and hotel's service there. All positive experience.

Excelente estadia y muy 
buena ubicacion

Everyone went above and beyond their call of duty to make our stay the best!  From booking the room block with Deb and Cassi, to checking in a the hotel, everyone was on the ball!  We had no problems at all, the rooms were at a great rate, and we will definitely be coming back next year!

Staff is very gentle and kind and hotel is clean and well located.

If you want a place to stay that can accommodate someone that has special needs look elsewhere!!!!!

The Fairfield Austin staff deserve an A+ Rating.  They were the best I’ve encountered in a long, long time.

Over all amazing thanks to front desk rep, Mara.

Staff was very welcoming. The room it self was up to date and very comfortable. Will definitely keep using Fairfield in the future.

Chose this facility for its convenience to the hospital while my dad was ill. Very clean, all the comforts of home and friendly/helpful staff.

This hotel is a good option for parents of UT students.  It is relatively close to the campus, offers free breakfast, and there is a good Mexican restaurant right across the street.  The rooms are clean and well maintained.  The pool and fitness rooms are perhaps nothing to write home about, but they are there.  The Wifi worked well.  The breakfast was decent and had lots of options to choose from.

The hotel location, staff, services, breakfast are excellent. The room is clean as well.

My parents stay here when visiting Austin. No complaints!

Inconsistent and Unprofessional

Excellent location and place to stay.  Awesome and friendly staff.  Great breakfast!!!!  Highly recommended.

We had a fantastic stay here. The breakfast was great, beds cozy, and staff very accommodating. Thank you for a great time.

It was good, but its one of the older building need to be redone.

Rooms were great. Staff was great. Beds are very comfortable.

Great living place & clean.

This hotel was quite dumpy for a Fairfield.  The rooms were so muggy that the carpet and bed felt wet, and there was a corresponding unpleasant musty odor throughout the property.  There was food left in the room fridge from the former guest--gross.  And the breakfast was lackluster, having run out of half of the items well before breakfast was supposed to be over.

Having to be away from home on my Birthday was not ideal, but Bernice and the staff at the Fairfield made it so much more enjoyable with their great service and a Birthday Card & points!  Thank you!!!

The main thing I look at when I go to hotels is the cleanliness of the appearance from the entrance all the way to my room. Everything was clean and neat. I was comfortable the bed and couch bed were both comfortable and clean. The staff were very nice and hospitable. I loved it!

We came to Austin for the birth of our 8th grandchild. When we arrived we were greeted by name and the front desk Elizabeth was great. Upon entering our room we found that the bed had feather pillows, to which my wife has an allergy, and when we notified he front desk, the pillows were replaced immediately. We stayed for 1 week and during our stay I had opportunity to use the washer/dryers provided on our floor. There was a group of young people staying on our floor and they thought it funny to mess with my laundry. When the front desk was notified the adult chaperone for the group was notified and the group came to apologize. The next day we found a note under our door with a gift card enclosed from Hotel management for the laundry incident. The entire stay was very nice, with all hotel staff friendly and helpful. Every morning Ebony the housekeeping supervisor would always greet us in the hall as we were leaving for the day, with a smile and a good morning. We had opportunity to meed both the GM Jeff and AGM Christian, both of them were very friendly, always with a warm hello and good day. On several evenings as we came back to the Hotel we were greeted by Jorge the Excellance Ambassador, with a great smile and warm welcome. The rooms were very clean, Hotel very clean, the free breakfast was always fresh, hot and very tasty. I have stayed in quite a few Hotels from difference chains, with Hilton being the most frequently stayed and this stay with Marriott and Fairfield Inn & Suites has changed my mind; I am now a Marriott person. Upon returning home and checking my account I realized that I was given extra points to my account for the problems we had during the stay. Great Job on customer service, and Thanks for making our stay enjoyable.

D Waltz-Reasonover (6-11-29019)

Customer service was good, but I was expecting a more up-to-date hotel.

Overall, not bad 
Customer Service was great though.

Nice place with great service.

Overall excellent experience

It was a great experience

Friendly and helpful staff. Had a small pool inside and hot breakfast in the morning.

The hotel was centrally located in Austin area. The hotel employees were very friendly. Best part was having free parking, avoiding paying high parking fees at other hotels. Breakfast was free with a good variety of options

The positives - Staff here is very nice and friendly, almost too nice at certain points. Hotel is close to the university, if that's important to you.
Rooms are clean.

Negatives - Don't park your car under the trees during bird season. Rooms have the minimal number of outlets to power things in the room, like the fridge, TV, lights. Don't expect to be able to charge more than 2 pieces of electronics at a time. Highway sounds are pretty loud at night, depending on which room you get. Rooms also look...dingy? Old? Elevator in hotel seems like an afterthought, and is difficult to get into/out of easily.

This is the first Marriott property that disappointed me when I stayed at it. It may be useful for you if you need to be on that side of town and don't care about the room other than having a bed, but it isn't a very updated property in my experience.

Overall we had a great stay but the beds were too hard and uncomfortable.

Very friendly staff

Great place to unwind

Great hotel, great service; very clean and friendly staff, highly recommended.

Very nice. Would recommend. Very nice and accommodating staff

Overall was comfortable and excellent service

My car was broken into as well as another guest. This location has a security guard on premise! Management gave me and the other car owner the run-around to avoid paying for the replacement of our car windows. Marriott corporate was also useless and never followed thru with me! Being an Elite member, I expected little bit more courtesy. Never coming back to this location and avoiding Marriott's in my business travels.

Been here before and will be back again!  This is not a luxury resort but it is the perfect motel for a weekend business trip to Austin.

Great value, great location great stay

Nice hotel!!! Great customer service!!!

My husband and I were so impressed with the service we received at this Fairfield.  We did not arrive until 1:15 am and the front desk manager couldn't have been more welcoming, friendly, and professional.  The staff's hospitality is second to none, and you are a quick drive to downtown and all that Austin has to offer.

❣❣❣❣😍😍😍
One of the best experiences in a hotel!
If you are in Austin for anything, go to this place. Amazing staff and so accommodating. I throughly enjoyed everything they offered. Sweet and amazing people and definitely going back when we go back to Austin. 😍 I wish I could give 100 stars but 5 is the most I could offer. Amazing place to go and stay. ❣❣❣❣❣❣❣

the one thing we look forward to is the indoor pool. It was ice cold. They "turned up" the temperature for us but even the next morning the water was too cold to enjoy. It really soured our experience.

I mean... it's grungy and is about 2 updates behind the other fairfield properties at which I stay. However, for the price and location for where I need to be - it's tough to beat...

Too many little issues to deal with (no toiletries, no linens for sofa sleeper, slow restock of breakfast items) for the price we paid. For the price we paid and spending just over 12 hours there (most of which was spent sleeping) I shouldn't have had to work so hard to get what we needed and/or paid for.

Enjoyed our stay.  Close to UT Austin, downtown nightlife, excellent restaurants.

Beautiful people, great location, the breakfast was very good and very clean hotel

Needs updating. Staff is wonderful and helpful.

Close to downtown, good clean place to stay & friendly staff.

Over well worth the price for the size and location. Would stay again.

I have stayed at this location numerous times and the last 2 times there was hot water issues, When I am on a business trip a hot bath or shower is a must to help relax. This time there was no hot water again and cable issues that maintenance didn't have the tool to fix. they was"booked" so couldn't put me in another room but I could have went to their  sister location, I was tired, and didn't feel like relocating.

Nice, very nice.

Great

Good place great staff

I had a short stay but it was close to my grandsons soccer games. Staff were friendly. It was very clean and quiet and my room was even by the elevator. I do wish they had microwaves in every room. I would stay there again and the Mexican food place across the street was fabulous.

It was nice and the breakfast was delicious

Very nice rooms. Staff was great. Felt safe the entire time.

We stayed at the hotel for one night in Austin. The staff is super friendly and helpful and we even got to check in a bit ahead of schedule. The room was also really good and the bed was very comfortable!
My complaints (more like areas for improvement as this didn’t completely ruin the stay) are that the fitness center needs to have A/C as it got too hot to workout properly. Also for people that have dietary restrictions such vegan, etc we would like to see some other option so for breakfast that would include them. Simple things such as cucumbers and tomatoes for a simple sandwich.

Value for money, courteous staff. Would highly reccomend this hotel

Great hotel with an indoor pool, a fitness center, and free hot breakfast in a great location.

Nice place, Great and helpful staff  ! Good complimentary hot breakfast in the morning. Would recommend this place if you're staying in the Austin area.

Very comfortable and staff is helpful and friendly

Superb place to stay.  I woulr recommend it to anyone coming to Austin.

The staff was nice and friendly and the cleaning staff did a magnificent job on the rooms daily.  But the hotel needs to invest in new pillows, we had to go out and purchase our own pillows for this stay.

Issue with my money. Charging my card and they weren't suppose to

The beds are super comfortable. The rooms clean. Staff very very helpful and friendly. Plus a pool and work out room! Reasonable rates. Convenient location.

This is a dated and worn property for the most part. While clean, many things just need to be updated and refreshed. The workout room was perhaps the most small and least appointed workout room I've experienced. Breakfast was not great - food wasn't fresh or refilled regularly.

I have stayed at least 5 or 6 Fairfield's in the past, and this one was probably the worst.

We stayed one night, and were very tired when we arrived. Clean room, bed was very comfy and AC worked great. Son enjoyed the breakfast. There was some road noise, but AC drowned that out. Will stay again when in Austin area. Also liked the local artwork in the hotel.

I'm not sure why a single bedroom and bath costs $200 incl taxes.

Great staff and service!

I'd advise avoiding and using the courtyard next door

Decent place, clean and friendly staff. Location is not great but for the price it is ok.

Very clean and comfortable.

Great night staff

Cozy place to stay

Very nice and helpful staffs. Welcoming environment. Free breakfast is of pretty good quality.

No towels and the room was dirty.  Air condition was broke and the fan made a loud noise when running.

Our recent experience at the Fairfield Inn & Suits--Austin University Area would get a rating of A for staff and a D for accommodations. While the staff met our every request with courtesy and efficiency, the suite itself was aging and exhuded an odor of mold that resisted all attempts to remove it. We were disappointed with the property, and think that Marriott should review it for needed renovation.

Great stay! The hotel was very nice and quiet. I enjoyed my experience.

Good hotel

The staff was incredibly helpful and nice. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. The location is great as well.

They are always friendly and easy to check in and it at.

This place was a little older, but it was clean.

The staff was kind and even upgraded me.

Business stay, two nights.  Marriott upgraded me to the bigger suite, which was a definite pleasure.  Spacious.  If you're booking at Farifield, you're looking for value - good service, comfortable stay at a good price.  That was definitely my experience.  I appreciated the friendliness of the staff; the cleanliness was good; and I slept well in a comfortable bed.  The location is good, walking distance to Amaya's (restaurant", very short drive to many other restaurants and shopping.  Will definitely consider on the next trip.  It's not a JW, but if you're looking for a hotel in this class, you will do well.

HORRIBLE!

Clean

My family and I were in Austin for the weekend to attend the UT vs TCU game and we were happy with the location of the hotel, the service, and the breakfast was delicious.  The staff was considerate and helpful too.  We will return.

Very clean, very nice staff, lots of privacy.

I loved my stay because I did things that made it fun. The hotel room was more or less a place to get away. It served its purpose very well.

Service was fine not great but alright free breakfast is also nice, not a bad hotel just nothing amazing.

The hotel was clean & staff was friendly &efficient. Breakfast is included. A very good Mexican restaurant is located directly across the street. The LBJ Library and Museum (and the University of Texas & the football stadium) is only about two miles away from the hotel.  We could hear I-35 traffic, but no so much for it to be a problem.

Nada que desabone o hotel.  Fui muito bem atendido.

Great rooms and hospitality

Really nice hotel. Only a short drive from UT.

Good location, friendly staff, decent breakfast

Good location. Nearby sixth street

Overall a good experience . Great rooms and a great location ( Not far from austin downtown) . Gym was smaller and the breakfast could be better.

Easily accessible off of i35. Friendly staff. Clean rooms. Comfortable beds. Very close to some excellent restaurants.

3rd floor smelled like a rock concert! Someone was having a Much better time than I was!

Enjoyed this hotel really nice

ok place

Indeed

Good

Great facility with caring staff

Room was clean and spacious. The shower had good pressure and stayed hot the whole time. Staff was friendly and helpful.

Always a pleasurable stay here

The breakfast was great! The room was clean and bedding very comfortable! It was easy to hear the other guests walking around above out room. Staff was nice.

Very nice friendly staff, clean rooms, good breakfast selection; Hot food, eggs, sausage, bagels, coffee cakes, waffles, coffee, fruit etc. Also there is a tex-mex restaurant within walking distance. This is right off interstate super convenient.

We received a warm welcome upon arrival at the University Area Fairfield Inn in Austin. This hotel was perfect for our college visit to the University of Texas. Coming from out of town and arriving later in the day, we needed a place convenient to UT. This worked out perfectly and we received a UT discount for this purpose. Our room was very comfortable and clean.

It was more than I expected I would definitely recommend staying here. It was really nice and quiet felt like the only tenant there oppose to seeing other people I didn't hear any .

Friendly staff! Very clean! Access to parking no matter the time and loved the access we had thru the outside doors!

Overall, very clean room, not noisy at all, clean lobby area, good breakfast. Not too far to downtown Austin.

This is a great hotel. The staff is helpful the rooms and the overall property are also clean and nice.  This was the best hotel that we have stayed at on this trip.

I was only in the hotel for a short time before heading out for drinks but it was very nice and clean

Clean room, and friendly staff

It is a half way decent hotel they need to place their signs better they charged 250.00 for smoking in the room and threw us out. Not recomended

I loved the service and how friendly the staff was.

I have stayed at several Marriott locations.  This was stands out by far.  Staff is friendly, upgraded my room, offered late checkout.  And, the halls were quiet allowing for a great night's sleep.  Thank you!

Awesome rooms but not great service

My family and I arrived late and were greeted by a very nice woman at the desk. Our room didn't have pillows when we arrived but we were so tired it didn't matter. The bed and blankets were extremely comfortable.

Will always be our go to hotel in Austin. Loved it. No complaints. Great prices. Have paid much more for much less.

Missing luggage cart.  Needs upgrading. Did I say i really needed a luggage cart?

Super clean and helpful!

Good place for overnight stay. Missed some key elements but overall ok.  Missing linen for sofa bed, and extra towels, low floor request from my Marriott profile.  Breakfast consisted of waffles, Canadian bacon, veggie sausage, eggs. Variety of breads and cereal in a small but adequate corner space.. Nice hotel for our overnight stay.

Nice and clean hotel. We were upgraded to the executive sweet which was spacious with a comfortable bed.

Room was fine, and the people that worked there were very friendly. The main problem with our stay was that there was someone smoking in the room next door, and after reporting this a few times in the afternoon nothing happened until the morning we were going to leave. So or evening smelled like smoke, and I the smell was so bad in the morning that it woke me up. It was only then that the security went to the room to resolve the problem. Other then that, it was a nice stay.

Good hotel. Would stay there again

Clean, accessible to shopping, and our wedding venue.

Disappointed in the lack of cleanliness. Large water stain over the bed and the room smelt stale like it had been wet!

Very clean, looks freshly renovated. Right across the street from P Terry's!

Excellent hotel.  Location idea for Austin events.  Staff was excellent.

Stephan let you sleep and they smoke cigarettes all night in the lobby area outside

Very nice and clean hotel for the price paid.  I found the staff to be helpful and courteous.  Free breakfasts were good and there is an IHOP next door.  Opt for a couple of dollars more and get the suite.  They are roomy and well done.

Friendly staff and nice rooms. The free breakfast is good and convenient.

Checked out this place with my folks who are visiting. Great breakfast area, nice rooms, budget friendly.

This location was very clean with comfortable and roomy suites.  It was quiet where you can get a good night's sleep.  I will stay at this location in the future.

Average old property food server was a walking case of food borne illness

Bueno

Fine accommodations. Staff bent over backwards to ensure that our stay was great.

Very nice and clean rooms. Would definitely recommend to anyone

Could have been a little more special if the hotel staff could have been a little more caring.  Just 'meh'.

The Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin-University Area left much to be desired. The "newly renovated" caption is misleading as the hotel has many outdated features such as black sinks in the bathroom and old, dated carpet of different styles and colors throughout. 

The rooms are dated as well, with laminate furniture and noncontemporary artwork.  The overall atmosphere of the hotel and rooms feels and looks "cheap". 

Not to mention that the fitness room only had 2 pieces of equipment, and some weights. If that was not disappointing enough, when I went to workout there was no air conditioning in the fitness room and the staff knew about it and had done nothing to solve the problem.

I was looking forward to a nice weekend getaway; instead, I couldn't wait to get away from this hotel as fast as I could the next morning. 

Please reconsider when looking for a nice place to stay for vacation or business.

This property needs work it smells musty water spots on ceiling bathtub not very clean and toilet runs non stop

Run down, cracked floor and bathtub tiles abound.

Very comfortable

Solid 2 star hotel.  Rooms were clean, staff was decent.  Pool is small but indoors; great for a couple  small children.  Location is great.  Waffles for breakfast.  Go to Xian Sushi and Noodle if you stay here.

good clean rooms, at a good location close to the university, at the intersection of 290 and I-35

First of all, the staff here was great...helpful and friendly. The hotel is just a little small and needs a refresh. It is worn and needs updating. Parking was tight because there were several places you did not want to use due to birds in the trees and the mess they would make on your car.

No maid service, foul smelling rooms, poor customer service.

Another great place

Older property but very clean & outstanding staff

What I always want from a hotel is cleanliness and attention to detail. This location gives just that. Rooms are nice and tidy, updated, clean, well decorated and spacious.

As a few of the other reviews state, the doors are quite loud when left to close on their own and this can be annoying if you are trying to sleep.

Standard breakfast, dining room clean, somewhat tightly packed in, but several options to choose from. Again, at the price point this is right where it should be.

Located right next to the I-35, a bit difficult to spot right off the freeway and almost an immediate turn. If you miss the turn, turn into the Courtyard and drive around back where the parking lot is connected to the back parking lot of the Fairfield.

very noisy, hard to get a good sleep because highway noise, although staff is friendly and helpful.

A fine place to stay. I stayed for a week for the South By Southwest festival. The staff were friendly, the room and breakfast area were clean, check-in and check-out was easy,  and the noise was minimal the entire week. There is a pool, workout room and a computer available for guests. Rideshare drivers could easily find the hotel and rides into downtown were reasonably priced.

We had a great time! Clean, nice & comfy. It was quiet & they had great service

Clean, pleasant

Beds are still a bit too hard and the staffing is lean, but attentive.

My only complaint would be that the fitness center is small. We have students who needed to run on a treadmill and only one was in the small room. It would have been nice to have a bigger area to be able to workout.

Nice and easy!

Excellent, clean and well organized hotel.
  Quality network.

Place is a dump.  Avoid if you possible can.  Very hard to get to.  Dirty.  Loud. Not worthy of the Marriott name.

We will stay at this Fairfield on all our upcoming trips to Austin.

Recommed

Bed and pillows were typical of a hotel (mattress was fine, pillows way too soft) but the hotel is too close to IH35. I had to listen to traffic noises on and off throughout the night and especially early in the morning.

The hotel staff was very friendly and rooms were spacious.

Great experience, helpful staff.

Price range perfect 👌 for a family on a budget, great customer service, will go above and beyond to accommodate their guest. Which was a blessing for a mother of 2 toddlers.

Always very nice staff.  Always feel safe!!

Was very disappointed in the cleanliness of the hotel room and bathroom area. It smelt funny, the bathroom was dirty, sink smelt bad. When I asked staff what number I could call  to make a comment about my experience they didn't have an answer and did not at all seem concerned.

Hot tub a plus when it is cold

Rooms are clean and tidy. Service is great and staff is very considerate of their guests. Breakfast is their standard continental spread.

Nice people, clean large suites

Everything was nice

Poor value for money
Cheap and it showed
Not a place I’d stay again

Good location, easy to access major roads.  Lots of places to eat, clean property with friendly staff.

Excellent location and overall a good place to spend a few nights. Bring your hotspot because the internet is choppy and slow.

This hotel is nice & clean. The front desk staff was amazing !! They accommodate us with an upgrade at no charge. Housekeeper was friendly.

The staff was very accommodating to our family and the kids loved the breakfast.

restroom was '"cleaned" but toilet wasnt flushed and had debris. microwave was not in room as stated.

Great stay here rooms were out of this world clean and up to date! The staff was super helpful and provided privacy. Amazing artwork in the rooms local to Austin! Great breakfast! And the cookies were baked fresh each day.

I always have anxiety about hotel beds.  I was so please with how comfortable the bed was!  No anxiety!!

Great

Had a great two nights!  Thank you for the recommendation for dinner and breakfast was great!  Next time I am in Austin for business I will definitely be coming back!  Great hotel close to downtown and all around Austin!  Thanks for a great experience!

Decently priced, has a pool and the people manning the front desk are very hope and helpful. Only thing to really watch out for is that if your a night owl or work a night shift, the doors are very loud. So when cleaning services are on the floor be prepared to hear a lot of banging...rooms were very clean. Our room had several cracked tiles in the bathroom but nothing broken. It has a small snack shop and they offer complementary breakfast between 6 am to 9 am.  A shell gas station is being built next to it as well.

Free breakfast, clean rooms, close to campus, and friendly staff

great location!! loved the stay and the staff.

I have nothing to add to this

Clean, quiet, large rooms

Only one night stand.  Closet old and too close to bed.  Wasted space at entry where a closet should be.  Couch not aligned well for viewing TV.  Small circular table would have been nice in sitting area.  Walk in shower preferable.

We visit our son regularly and used to stay st another hotel. Our daughter in law recommended Fairfield and we find it to be convenient to downtown, to shopping, to restaurants and close to our son. The staff treat us like family and we wouldn’t stay anywhere else!

Customer service is outstanding there. From the front desk to housekeeping to maintenance everyone made us feel comfortable, safe, secure and we had a great time. 2 minutes away from any shopping you want to do restaurants in 5 minutes if that from downtown you can't beat it this place is great. A special thanks to Ebony, Elizabeth, Joi all the front desk clerks that went above and beyond to make my stay Pleasant relaxing and enjoyable.

Room was spacious, service was great

This is the worst Marriott I’ve ever stayed in. Ugly! I felt like I was staying at a Super 8 hotel. Also I’m an elite member & didn’t get any perks. The pictures I’m sharing our nice of the actual hotel downstairs in the lobby but the rooms are what I’m talking about that looks like a Super 8. Not worth staying here for the money.

Good room, location, and service

We were in Austin for 2 days. This hotel is literally on the 35 which is good & bad. This is the most congested interstate outside of LA. GPS seems to only route you on the 35. So you're close to the artery but it is noisy & congested.

The location is great but basic amenities were not working. The bath tub clogged and filled with water. Also, the toilet flush stopped working. When I called for service request, they did not have any one available and it took them one hour to send some one in. Unfortunately it caused more delay for an important interview. The shower head water pressure was very low. The serviceman got the problem fixed but it was after multiple followup calls. I believe that basic amenities is expected to be working and not a challenge eventhough it is a fairfield category. 

I am suprised of drop in quality held by this room.

Awesome Staff.  Always smiles from Entrance employee to cleaning staff.  Couldn't Ask for more!

Nice hotel

Clean, great staff

It's a decently middling hotel. Everything very clean, okay WiFi, a solid gym and compliment breakfast. My main complaint is the location. If you're planning on hanging out in Downtown, choose another place. This is a good 15-20 minutes Lyft into the city.

I stayed here with my daughter and granddaughter and was able to get a room on short notice. Room was immaculate
cool enough not freezing. I hate walking into a stuffy hotel room. Breakfast was plentiful and very fresh. A nice wide 
assortment of food and beverages was available. Coffee was delicious!!!

Clean and comfy. No microwaves though.

Austin has a variety of hotels. I stayed at this hotel for a quick business trip. The hotel is a little dated on the outside but the lobby was nice and the staff was friendly and helpful. Internet worked well and breakfast had a good variety of food. Great value for the price.

Rooms weren't spectacular, no vending machines, expensive snacks/drinks. Right next to Amayas, so there's that.

Clean & comfortable. And quiet. All staff helpful and friendly. Can be hard to find entrance if you're not familiar with area.

We have a room for 5 nights while we visit our son and attend Staple! It is convenient, the room is fine and the staff is pleasant.

Lobby smelled like chlorine, alarm clock woke us up at 6 am and we had to bring it downstairs to turn if off: it runs on batteries, even if it's unplugged!

If you are going to stay at Fairfield Inns, I would not recommend staying at this location, I waited 20 minutes for check-in with no staff in sight and once they did help me it seemed like I was inconvience. The staff sat around on the check in desk and the Elevator was broken multiple times.

Great overall experience. Great attention to service and my expectations

buena, considero que su cuestionario debe ser mas simple, no tengo mas comentarios. gracias.

Nice clean room. Hot breakfast. Nice staff. Located right off the highway for easy acess to Austin.

Spacious and clean room

Awesome staff, clean rooms, great breakfast.

Muito bom quartos limpos atendimento excepcional|Café da manhã simples,porém bem servido,funcionários atenciosos , forneceram dicas de vários pontos turísticos , banheiros limpos roupas de cama limpas e novas

The bar area was cool and good to do work at.

No comment.

Very clean and great breakfast!

Staff very kind and nice. Breakfast  included

The hotel staff was very welcoming and had a room early for us upon arrival.  The bed was extremely comfortable.  We do not like indoor pools, they offered us the Courtyard Marriott outdoor pool next door to use.  The Mexican restaurant across the street was great and we did not have to drive.

Excelente

This is an ok hotel if your just in town for a night.  The staff are very nice, hotel is in an easy on/off to 35.  Would not stay here for more than a night or two, much better options.  I am traveling for work, so rate and convenience were bigger priorities.

Need to update hotel bathrooms.

Rooms are nice and clean. Customer service is amazing and friendly.

It's was adequate, mid-range hotel

Great rooms and customer service. Location was great for my needs.

Smells really good in the lobby and cool art in the rooms

good breakfast

Okay, but not great. One desk clerk great, one not so.

Very friendly staff. Great breakfast. Clean and welcoming.

Average, could be cleaner

This is a nice hotel with breakfast included. The staff were very kind and helpful at all times. The elevator was brinden, but it's only three stories so I can deal with it. The rooms are clean and well kept. Nothing was out of date or dirty or broken, which is nice to see in a smaller hotel.

Clean, comfortable bed, good location and breakfast.

The hotel is located about 15 minutes from Austin downtown by car. The hotel is located by the highway so there is not much near. During the first day the Wi-Fi was not working and it took a long time for the service be fixed. The rooms are great with a large bed. The staff is friendly.

Salva para it unos pocos dias.

Affordable and nice

Great location, easy access to IH35 and SH290. The room was clean. Artwork represents Austin, which means it's a bit odd.

The pull out bed in the suite was not very comfortable. There were not many food selections from the snack market.

We stayed for one night. The room was average, the breakfast was okay and to be expected. The front desk was nice but didn't ask for I'd upon room key not working so that was surprising. Otherwise good.

Felt right at home.

Have  stayed here many times over many years.  Not fancy but reliable, Good value.

All superb: breakfasts, maintenance, staff, parking.

Adequate accommodations

My 6 days in Austin were made most pleasurable due to the ease of my stay st Fairfield.

Excelente

Perfectly fine hotel. Central location.

Awesome service! The front desk personal were very nice and great to work with! Plus was a good quality breakfast!

This hotel is in a good location. the breakfast is very good. The staffs are very nice and service is very good.

Good location. Has plenty of restaurants near by. Staff is super friendly. Rooms are incredibly clean. Only complaint was the tiny shampoo and conditioner were only half full which was weird..

We stayed in this hotel as we wanted a Marriott property centrally located to our plans while in Austin.  It's in a strange location off the interstate, but not difficult to access, especially once you've done it once.  The first time would be easy to overshoot the street, but the tiny Shell station RIGHT next to it is a last-ditch opportunity to turn around and pop out on Reinli St.  The hotel is clean, the breakfast offered a lot of options (though may have been better refreshed throughout the breakfast hours, but being a holiday weekend, I think our hotel was full and likely the cause).  The indoor pool leaves something to be desired and not certain why, in Austin, the pool was indoors in the first place.  We had no trouble with parking.  The room has a fridge in it which was extremely convenient since we had our own car with us and were doing all sorts of things and had no need to waste good food that we were just too full to finish.  The staff were extremely accommodating and helpful (especially when I came down in search of Advil from the sundry shop only to find they don't sell anything like that - they helped me get my hands on some).  They also had no problems giving us extra blankets, towels, and pillows.  The AC worked FABULOUSLY...we were doing mostly outdoor activities so by the time we got back, getting clean and cool were our top priorities.  The bathroom was large, there was no awkwardly placed mirror that made you feel like you had to hide in the bathroom area before/after a shower, etc.  I would definitely stay here again if I needed the location, but will stay in a Fairfield Inn the next time my needs call for a hotel like this.

Nice place to stay

Pro:
Helpful staff
Clean bathrooms
Good breakfast
Good location

Cons:
Terrible internet (which is a big deal if business depends on it)
Can hear other people stomping around above you
Housekeeping accidentally left my door open after cleaning
Humid rooms
Terrible decor and color schemes

If you have to be away from your home this is a close second.

Friendly helpful staff. Clean room.

Good weekend hotel for visiting kids at The University of Texas.  Comfy bed.  The drive is easy and short to get to campus and all surrounding sites.  Even though I was across from the elevator and next to the pool, noise was not a problem.  My room was a handicapped accessible room and I found it easy to maneuver in.

I very much enjoyed both the staff and the accommodations at this hotel. Wonderful front desk staff, hardworking housekeeping staff. Check in was easy, parking was close and plentiful. Hotel location was easy on, easy off. The indoor swimming pool was heated and clean. Fitness room was small but had nice treadmill equipment. 
Very pleasant staff and always helpful.

Easy to reach location. Hope checked me in, and was very personable. The Operations Manager was very helpful and responsive to a minor issue I had the following morning. While my room was facing the street, by the entrance, road noise was not an issue. The room was very clean, although the maids were a bit noisy in the hallway, each morning. Parking was plentiful, and the grounds appeared to be well kept.

We were tired from trying to move furniture from my mom's home in S Tx.  We worked all day and decided to break up our return trip by staying in Austin.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  Less stress and able to unwind!

This hotel is reasonably priced and very clean. Staff was helpful and pleasant.

An older hotel but still in great shape and good size rooms. Loved the pillows!

Room was very clean

I've stayed in other Fairfields before and they were MUCH MORE renovated and comfortable than this one. If we had know this was what to expect, we could have spent more money to stay in a better property. Gym is tiny, 1 treadmill and 1 elliptical plus some weights. Breakfast was not that great, eggs were a bit watery and toaster did not work properly. They do have an indoor pool, which looked ok, just didn't use that. There was a conference in town and they didn't seem prepared for the # of people staying to offer a good breakfast.

After a trip to New Orleans in a not so nice hotel that wasn't clean and the bed was terrible.....this felt like heaven!  Great value, too!

Dirty room and unfriendly staff.

I showed up to pick up some guests I had coming into town and the wifi in the lobby wasn't working, other than that it seemed nice

Nice

Nice quiet place to get rest after a long day.

Friendly staff, clean rooms. Oddly, no bacon offered at the buffet.

Its a good hotel, cost effective compared to other Marriot properties. Over all it serves the target market.

Good WiFi speeds, decent breakfast, great staff.

Good

I left my purse there and the manager has done nothing for me. Do Not leave anything of value at this hotel. they will not recover your items.

This is a wonderful place to stay. Took real good care of me and the staff was impressive!

Breqkfast was pretty good

Was visiting Austin for the weekend to attend a sports competition and stayed for several nights at the Fairfield Inn and Suites. The hotel was very comfortable and a great location close to everything.  The rooms were clean, updated and lots of hot water and showers worked awesome.  Breakfast had may choices and the eating area is small but very adequate.  The staff there is exceptional and are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They are always present at the desk to greet you and see you off on your outings and provide you with five star customer service.  Have stayed in many hotels before and this one is on the top of my list for our next visit. Thank you for a great stay!

Everything was great!!  Shower was really good.  lots of pressure and good spray.

Staff great  hotel small needs to be updated b

Would like more fruit and cereal variety in breakfast

Stayed over night for business trip. Nice. Clean. Quiet.

Highway noise was noticeable, and we experienced lots of door slamming/activity until late in evening. Property is an older Fairfield - noticeably 'tired'. Service was very friendly, but I wouldn't recommend or return.

I had a wonderful time at the property here. I ran into issues the at check in, but Katelyn assured me that we would get it taken care of and was patience with me while I contacted my credit card company. Then the following morning I came down for breakfast and there was no coffee, James came up and brewed a fresh pot and apologized and every morning I came down he had fresh pot ready to go.

Good breakfast, clean sheets, safe location. Bad drainage in the shower and thin walls.

Check in could have been better with words of Welcome, Please and Thank you.
Most of the staff were happy and welcoming and I do suspect that Front Desk Reception staff were fairly new and still in training. Although when I did complain to the staff about the above, Management in a suit was alongside and never said a word to assist.
Overall the rooms were clean and Housekeeping does a good job, maybe in time Reception Staff will improve.

Very good value and location.

Toilet running all night, toilet coming loose from floor, carpets stained and grimy.  Bed way past it's life felt like I was sleeping in a bowl.

Convenient location, easy access to I-35.  Clean, neat room with comfortable bed.  Friendly staff, easy check-in and check-out.  Breakfast average.

Decent hotel

It is a small basic convenient hotel next to I35 highway. During our stay, they have a mold remediation going on, so the breakfast area is really tiny. But overall the staff is friendly and relatively helpful .

Las camas son muy chicas. Beds are too small.

Everything was great! The staff was friendly and rooms were very clean.

My mother stays here when our home in Austin is full.  They always treat her with kindness and consideration, and I feel like they are attentive to her needs.  She enjoys her stays here.

Clean but the bed was not at all comfortable.

Hotel smells of mold. Decor is very old. Hotel is in need of a complete update.

Horrible property do not stay here. Noisy, not clean bad location

Location was not fantastic. 
Bed was horrible. 
People were kind and helpful. 
Room was clean enough.

Very pleased with this hotel except that they do not allow small pets.  The staff was the best I've ever encountered.  The breakfast was the best I've ever encountered - the oatmeal and everything they offered to add to your oatmeal was delicious.  They offered scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, bagels, yogurt, etc.  I do wish they would offer Splenda because I do not like the green packet sweetener.

The desk clerk recommended a great pizza place.

Had an issue with a room and they took care of it quickly.

I'm not even sure where to begin. I guess I should start by saying that we are die hard Marriott customers.  I've been staying at Marriott properties for most of my life and this property definetly does not deserve to have the Marriott name attached to it. The hotel as a whole was very dirty including our hotel room. The floor was not vacuumed, there was a picture missing above one of the beds with exposed hooks, the shower curtain was moldy, there was a clump of hair in the tub and there were no toiletries in the room at all. The beds were rock hard, the staff the morning of Sat Oct 22, 2016 were rude and unhelpful (except for the housekeeping supervisor! She was incredible). The hinges on the bathroom door were so rusted that the door did not fully open. While my business partner was in the room (and not clothed I might add) a housekeeper just walked into our room. The breakfast to us was inedible and looked very old. Our family has been Marriott rewards members for 20+ years (platinum mostly) and we have never experienced anything like this. We hate complaining but we feel that Marriott should be aware of these alarming conditions. We had just checked out of a Fairfield Inn in San Antonio, Tx and it was amazing! Makes this experience even worse that we know first hand how awesome the hotel chain can be.

Beds aren't very comfortable and the televisions are a bit small but the location and price were just right. Staff were all very friendly and welcoming.

Nothing outstanding, but absolutely no complaints. I would definitely stay here again.

This hotel is in a great location if you're looking to stay near the university or close to downtown. It's also a short drive from the airport. Rooms were clean and the staff was very helpful. Our bed was a little too soft for us but some people like soft beds.

Great stay.  No problems, great location, great water pressure.

Absolutely perfect.
As usual it was what we have come to expect from Marriott.

Clean room. Bathroom door would not latch. Clean sheets and accommodations. It was a nice stay and a $15 cab ride to the state capitol

❤️♥️❤️♥️ This hotel. Awesome. Go.  Stay.  Enjoy.  Relax.  .........

Good, clean, affordable accommodations. Friendly staff, comfortable bed. Pool out of order.

This hotel was very nice and friendly. The night shift supervisor was the friendliest person ever! She was very helpful and accomodating! It has been the friendliest hotel I have stayed at!

Elizabeth is caring, loving and goes the extra mile. What wonderful addition she is to your staff as well as the awesome early morning check out person.

I have always loved Marriott hotels in the fair field Inn and Suites to one of my favorites with their magnificent gym and that particular one has a swimming pool so yes it was fabulous

If the smell of mold bothers you, avoid this property.

Room was good, nice beds, clean. Service was good as well.

At first glance of the room I was impressed at how clean it was. That along with the staff made my stay enjoyable. Everyone was so helpful.

Excellent hotel right off of I35.
Has all the amenities one could ask for including a great breakfast.
I will definitely stay here again when visiting Austin.

My room was slept in prior to arrival

I was basically not happy when I did not get double bed that I requested at the time of booking.

Very Clean hotel and room.  Breakfast eggs were quite good.  My only complaint is that the bed was very hard.

My wife and I had the worst sleep we've ever had at a hotel. There was noise all night long and kept us up.

My family was at Fairfield hotel Austin University of Texas area and definitely I recommend it for your next trip to Austin.

The staff was an absolute pleasure to work with, everyone seemed to do their job very professionally.  The service they provided was very good, I would happily stay at this hotel again in the future.

Todo estuvo muy bien. Los cuartos limpios camas individuales

Atodos muy limpio y comfortable

Stopped in Austin to visit nephew and family on our way to san Antonio JW Marriott.  Had a great time for the overnight we stayed.  Thanks

very good for the price and location

We come into town every 3 months and this is my go to hotel. It is right off highway but not noisy at all.  Night manager is awesome and was extremely accommodating to us when I accidentally scheduled the incorrect night.  Breakfast is ready and hot, and coffee isn't Starbuck (BONUS FOR ME!) Very clean and the shower spray is high enough for me without ducking down! Highly recommended this hotel for overnight stays.

Room was OK but the FREE breakfast was not pleasant and the dining room VERY DIRTY.

Clean and orderly. Only issue is no restaurant in the hotel.

Perfecto todo excelente servicio excepcional

Pretty standard hotel.  Clean, rooms are updated and not old.

Only issue is that their pillows are rock hard, thick, and made up of chunky foam.  Kind of cheap, and tough on the neck when sleeping.

Extremely helpful staff and great location.

Good clean cheap

So far, the experience has been great. Good service, nice pool, good breakfast.

Clean and comfortable stay. Staff was very professional and friendly.

It was a nice room. Central location. Easy access to everything

Thanks for putting smiling faces on people's faces

Exceptional staff, very warm and accommodating

Awesome!

Great local.hotel. Close to everything. .

Good hotel

Not good upkeep,  dated hotel.

The staff was very accommodating, the room was clean, the bed was comfortable. The room had a sitting area with a television on the way in to the king size bedroom. Good use of space, good Wi-Fi I liked that very much I recommend it.

this was the first time traveling by my self.  My aunt highly recommended me this hotel, due to her experiences before.  So I can honestly say everything around there is AWESOME.

It wasn't too bad.

Sufficient accommodations at reasonable rate

Be aware that this hotel needs a refresh.  It has not been updated other than the lobby.  The TV's are small and old.  The workout room is very small.  Hotel staff is friendly and professional.

Comfortable and convenient; nothing fancy, but does the job.

Very vlean

Overall I believe our stay was 'fair' at Fairfield Inn.  The hotel seems a bit dated.  The location was very good.  Quick to get to our destinations and access to freeways. Breakfast bar was good.  Breakfast had a good selection of items.  Breakfast downsides were that didn't always have fresh fruit and one of the waffle makers is defective.  ie it leaked when flipping, per instructions.  Nice small pool and exercise area.  WiFi instructions confusing.  Double-pane glass helped keep out traffic noise.  Ceiling had water stains and paint repairs jobs were poor.  Toilet leaked and would refill several times during the night.

Great location- very close to UT! Rooms were very spacious, clean! Close to the hotel is it's sister hotel Courtyard Marriott where there is full service bar...and then right behind it is Captain Benji's.  Never had to get back into my car after check-in util it was time to hit the Commencement Exercises for my niece who was graduating at UT!

Great place, slightly older facility

Nice clean rooms. Indoor pool. Helpful staff. Good Breakfast

The stay was OK not blown away but no complaints 3 1/2 stars

Relatively convenient location with nice, clean rooms.

Great staff. Great place.

Be more attentive to guest request.

Perfect size room. Wonderful price. large choice of breakfast items. Very clean and staff extremely friendly and helpful. Wish we got to stay longer.

Clean and comfortable. Good location

I like staying at the Fairfield it is just a little to do at that inn over all I loved the clean room and the space the location too I would stay there again if it is for business or family matter

Not much to say here, rooms were nice for the price

Staff was awesome, lady in the front desk and the guy that was maintaining the breakfast. Room was clean, only thing was no microwave inside the room.

basic hotel. noisy at night from highway I35

I woke up by the loud talking from the employee room next door to me. I could not go back to sleep after that.

Updated hotel just a quick drive north of downtown Austin. Clean lobby and rooms and friendly staff! Recommended!

Great hotel with friendly staff and great location

The noise from the highway on the north side is deafening!

Was nice for the price, just not anything amazing.

O Fairfield Inn é um hotel que entrega o necessário: café da manhã nota sete, quarto e banheiro limpos, staff dentro da média. Preço ok. Localização também ok: 15 dólares de táxi do centro da cidade, perto de vários outros hotéis.

Pretty standard hotel with free breakfast and nice service

Great stay

The lobby, the room, the elevator, the isle, all were exceptionally tidy. The room was well equipped with the right gadgets, including a TV, which was 42". Staff were genuinely eager to help and seek my questions to be answered.

I stayed overnight for a business trip, and this hotel was set up perfectly for both work and pleasure. Rooms were very clean and the set up and functionality of the suite was ideal. No restaurant in the hotel, but the taco place next door is fantastic and the Courtyard restaurant on the other side is also a nice option. Staff were both friendly and professional. I would highly recommend staying here and will do so again.

We came in on Thanksgiving day and were greeted by Ali. Talk about great customer service and great personality! He was amazing! He would be an asset to any business. We will book here again just because of him.

I don't recommend this hotel.

It's not near anything and the room wasn't comfortable

Absolutely poor experience. I'm a frequent traveler and I stay with Marriot hotels almost every trip, however this specific hotel has turned me off from ever staying here again. I booked our executive king suite in September (stay was in November) and we even called ahead to mention that we would be late for the 3p check in. They claimed to "hold" our room for us, but when we got in and got our keys, someone was ASLEEP in our hotel room with the TV running! We went back down to the front desk and explained what happened, they blamed a computer glitch. They then put us in a room with two double beds at the same price which is a huge difference. We fought the price down to what we should be paying for the new room, even though they charged us for the king! Shameful that it's a Marriot and it treated it's customers like this. Please, take responsibility for your own issues and stop telling us and other guests it was a computer glitch.

I experienced some issues when I first checked in, but Jeremy and Lanie's kindness and professionalism made up for the early difficulties. The breakfast wad also delicious.

Tried to take shower but construction workers shut off water without warning. Front desk totally unresponsive. Did not offer another room. Did not call back. Had to ask colleague to use his shower.
Bathrooms also had no hand towels or wash cloths. And coffeemaker had used coffee in it.
Management and housekeeping are the worst.
STAY AWAY.

Love this place!!! Great service, beautiful rooms, yummy breakfast!!!

See previous issue described

great stay. Ali even let us use the freezer when we bought too much ice cream!

As a Gold Elite it was frustrating to check in at 6:00pm due to no rooms clean

I arrived at 4:30 to check in my group but the majority of the 33 rooms were not ready. The last room was not ready until 7:30 pm.

I travel for a living and unfortunately I wasn't impressed with this particular site. Because I am in a different hotel weekly I expect the rooms & bathrooms to be clean. I can not say that about this hotel. The guest room area was clean but the bathroom left a lot to improve upon. I do not desire to stand on a hand towel while taking a shower because of the griminess of the tub. There were areas of that needed maintenance before they placed another guest in the room. I don't see that I will be staying here again.

The room was clean, the bed was incredibly comfortable, good breakfast and friendly people.

Hotel smells of mildew and now so does my suitcase and personal items.

My reservation was logged for a day early, even though the confirmation was sent to me correctly.  There was no big water for a morning shower; and I was told to "Just let it run".  An hour later.....still no hot water.

I have stayed at this Fairfield for years for family visits, business trips and now medical visits. I have hung in there during the summer but this trip was last straw. Motel needs to be completely remodeled and updated. I think there was an ownership/management change about 12 to 18 months ago and the property has been heading down hill since. While several of staff are friendly and competent, others are totally incompetent.

Excellent location. Comfortable room and very quite

Staff is very friendly and helpful. The mattresses in the suites need to be upgraded. food quality at breakfast needs to be improved.

Rebecca made this stay very comfortable and effortless. She had attention to detail helping me with ice needs and also the breakfast area. She was competent directing other staff members to really make the hotel run smoothly and professionally!!

Rebecca Rocks!

Tommy

My husband and I always stay at the Marriott chain but this particular experience at the Fairfield Inn & Suites--university area was a awesome experience. Elizabeth the front desk clerk played a major part in that because she went above and beyond by assisting me to quickly check in hassle free. She was friendly and professional, she even called our room to check and make sure that everything was okay. I thank her for her professionalism and the next time we're in Austin we will definitely be staying at this particular location. Thanks to this awesome individual & her above and beyond greatness.

Staff was very friendly. Rooms were very clean. Only complaints were that the bed was very uncomfortable, fitness room was VERY small (2 cardio machines and some free weights), and not many options for breakfast.

Location close to UT...Average stay...very doable for a convenient place to stay.

Good location great service. Hotel could use some updating.

Everyone was very friendly

Los empleados son muy amables dan un gran servicio es como hospoderte con amigos pero con la comodidad de un hotel ****. Es un hotel pequeño pero muy comodo, limpio, tranquilo, con todos los servicios, ideal si estas buscando algo Bueno, Bonito y Barato, aunque es considerable la distancia del downtown en taxi o auto llegas en menos de 10min. Si te gusta caminar también esta el bus informate como funciona es super práctico.

Good property but need to include all of our children!

Overall a wonderful experience. Tons of places to choose from, but we keep coming back here.

This is a great hotel complex - there is 4 Marriotts right here.  And the fairfield was under construction so they gave me an upgraded room on the 3rd floor to help be away from that - and it was - and I slept well.

The breakfast area was closed so I had to step next door to the Spring Hill to get the breakfast yet they still had coffee and cookies at the front desk of the Fairfield.  That was really nice when I was checking in.  They also provided me with a cold bottle of water at check in - nice touch in the 99 degree weather.

The room was super clean and modern and had everything I needed.

Wifi worked well the first night and then the next two it did not.  I could have called the front desk for some help yet it was late and I was tired so I just watched a bit of TV and then slept.

The TV selection is great!

I also appreciated the coffee maker and the fridge in the room - both got good use by me.

I will stay at this hotel again and look forward to the main floor renovations being finished.

Room was ready and cool after a 100 degree day on the road and arriving after 9:00 PM
:

Great Location- near University area. Staff is friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay again. The room is comfortable, clean and my son enjoyed the room also !

Staff was courteous and professional

We had a wedding to attend at 4pm, arrived at 2 and the room was not going to be ready until 3, due to no housekeeping to clean it. It was after 3 by the time we finally got in our room. We booked a King suite with a sofa sleeper and was specifically told the sleeper was a queen. It was a twin size mattress, and when we told managment they could not accommodate us as they were completely booked. Staff was not friendly. Breakfast was terrible and options were sparce. No coffee available. No juice available. Awful experience.

Other than a mustiness coming from the a/c, this room was fantastic. It is conveniently located to St. David's Medical Center (purpose of my visit). Getting to Reinli St. may be tricky depending on the time of day. I would suggest getting off of I35 S before 51st Street to make turning right on Reinli easier from the feeder street.

The rooms are clean, bathroom clean and bed sheets are clean too.

Our restroom bathtub was full of dirt. Took the employee forever to come check out bathtub. Room was right by employee break room and they were noisy all throughout the night and in the morning. Breakfast staff was rude and it happy to be there.

The room across from our room was used to prepare breakfast. We were woken at 5:00 AM and repeatedly thereafter by the staff supplying the breakfast area. The staff really did not care and was not helpful in getting a different room for the second night of our stay.

I did not enjoy my stay here. Even though it was one night i did not sleep well and the staff didnt give any good feed back on surrounding areas.

room was very dated, poor smell in the vanity area.

Disappointed - expect this chain to be adequate - doing without running water overbinght and a closed pool show lack of attention.

We had reservations for 6/15 thru 6/21.  We moved next door to the Courtyard after 2 nights ($30 more per night).

The pool was closed by the Health Dept, water was turned off one night due to construction and the TV did not work when it rained hard.

Not a good experience.

I normally get a customer review form from Marriott after a stay, but none came after this stay.  Marriott does not have a way to review on their site unless you get this survey form.  I would bet none of the folks who were there during this period were asked what they thought.

My experience was exceptional. The hotel personnel were extremely professional and helpful.

I called the day of for a room available, i was accommodated and welcomed after a long drive. The manager who checked us in was delightful and kept humor in our exhaustion . The breakfast was perfect in the morning, exactly what we needed to start our day . Thank you so much!

I gave my comments in the other section

I would give this motel a ten if not for the night clerk who made my night a real mess !

It took 45 minutes to check out because no one could figure out how to use a Marriott gift card.

During one day of my stay housekeeping never touched my room. I came back to an unmade bed, dirty towels, trash, etc.

The service was very good, front desk was very helpful. I used the pool and fitness center and they were great. The problem we had was location. There was nothing nearby open late at night when we arrived (after 10:00), and it was confusing getting in and out of the location.

One of the nicest Fairfield Inns I've seen.

Very clean, friendly and accommodating staff. I will be staying here on every trip back to the area. Very good overall experience.

I really enjoy my stay I will recommend this hotel

It was an excellent stay. Hassle free and it was very easy to get to the hotel. Right off the expressway.

My stay was enjoyable and very peaceful and serene

The hotel did not accomplish his 100% satisfaction policy.

The Hotel staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating. In particular, the night manager Ali provided myself and all of the members of my group with 5 star service. I was there on business and had a block of 5 rooms with the rest of my group, we got home late every night after a long day of work and Ali was always there to provide a hand or help us with any questions we had. By the end of our stay I considered Ali a friend and gave him my business card should he ever find his way out in LA. It isn't often that you find comparable service these days. Thanks for everything.

I have stayed at hundreds of hotels, and motels, but was never treated as badly as I was treated at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin-University.....with the two men banging on my door late at night, ( and other guest doors also).
The man in the morning SCREAMING he was going to call security, becuse I was loading my car by a ramp....two whole mins at 6:30 am.

I would recommend this hotel to friends and family, it was very inviting and the lobby was really nice and clean.
The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was clean and I had enough toiletries to last me the 2 days I stayed.

Put this on your "No Stay" list. Not well maintained. Staff unhelpful.

Thank you for a great stay while in Austin!

Our stay at Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin-University Area was comfortable and we were very satisfied with the cleanliness and the decor of our room. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was convenient. Will book again next time we're in Austin!

Friendly, professional, courteous staff. Clean rooms with crisp fresh linens. Plenty of space...internet..I absolutely will return to this Fairfield on my next trip to Austin.

It's simply old and dirty- not what I have come to expect of this chain.

The attitude of the clerk who checked us in and poor quality of care of the room.

Room layout was nice, staff was amazing, water temperature was difficult to desk with and I had no shampoo in my room. Bathroom area is extremely small. I wasn't pleased for the amount of money we paid.

You won't find a better staff or more pleasant atmosphere than the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin--University. I am so happy our travel agent booked us there. It was a median priced hotel with five-star personnel.You will certainly enjoy your stay there

We stayed here on business with a group during the week. The Sales staff was absolutely amazing and ensured our stay was pleasant and comfortable. Ali, who worked night shift was very kind and greeted me with a smile when I walked in the door. The Assisstand General Manager was very pleasant and kind during the check out process as well. Overall, the experience was great! Thank you for a great time in Austin!

Clean hotel in a good location. Only complaint is it was extremely hot in the workout room and the chlorine smell was strong in the pool area (I guess because its an indoor pool).

Everything was good, with the exception of the dirty socks left inside the ice bucket. Problem was reported and resolved.

Quiet, comfortable and very clean. A totally pleasant experience.

Smokey rooms, breakfast is lackluster, hotel manager yells at staff.

We had late arrival. Everything was ready. The whole property was clean inside and out. There was know one lurking outside when we arrived. Like it is sometime when you arrive late. I felt safe. The smoke alarm in our room was make a chirping sound. We left to grab a quick snack. It was fixed when we returned. We will return again. We have to come to the Austin area three or more times a year for business and family events.

Great hotel on frwy; convenient location.

Welcoming staff, nice clean hotel with very comfortable bed and pillows. Breakfast was hot and delicious. I will stay here again!

We were in town to drop off my daughter for her college. Reception staff was super nice. When they couldnt find an extra bed for us, they gave us the adjoining room since it was vacant. It made our stay very comfortable. Thank you, Fairfield Inn staff!

My stay at this location was a very excellent experience. Staff was very nice and helpful.

I booked a spa room and was told the day of my check in that this type of room was no longer available due to renovations. Due to this late notice, I was unable to cancel without paying a fee.
There was no mention anywhere when booking that this hotel was doing renovations and that the room type I picked was no longer available.

I would recommend this hotel for anyone wanting a great night sleep and needing easy access to downtown Austin.

The hotel is located in a great area to get to. Hotel seems to be safe and staff was very helpful, Please keep this up.

This hotel was excellent and exceeded expectations for the price paid.

Very positive stay in Austin Texas

Great getaway over Thanksgiving,spending time in my son's world, Made it to a college football game, and a volleyball game, Got plenty of rest and relaxation

Clean, but only average hotel. Too far from downtown or business/university area. Poor transportation.
Being renovated, with some issues - our room needed upgrades to standard, and air con unit very noisy.

The first problem I encountered was a desk clerk who questioned my reservation. I had just driven 500 miles through a rainstorm and I wasn't happy to hear that he could not find my reservation. Luckily, I had my printed out confirmation. We were charged $25 more for the same room we had previously stayed in 6 months before and was told "that's the hotel business". The ice machines are now located in the key card access only pool area. I had already turned in my card, so had to get it back to fill my cooler before leaving the property. Staff were generally cold and unfriendly. The best part about the stay was that housekeeping came in and cleaned our room even though we left late that day for our family visit. We stayed in a suite and it was missing a lamp and a media player.

Great overall experience! Neat, cozy, convenient & inexpensive.

As stated about 10 times in this survey poor quality of the room and difficulity of find where fto register in the first place.

Hotel was under remodel during our stay.
Not a great location but they did have friendly staff

I would say this hotel does not reflect other Fairfield or Marriott hotels that I have stayed in. In very poor condition and would not be a comfortable stay.

Hotel is being renovated and really needs it.

facility was undergoing remodeling of entrance

Once hotel construction is complete with the Lobby the hotel and staff will be great.

The hotel is under construction, NO MENTION of this is made. We only found out when we arrived.

I have stayed at this location before and felt it fresh and comfortable. this time we arrived to an Inn under renovation. No price accommodation was made for the inconveniences.

Great friendly environment. They will accommodate your needs. Will stay here again when i come back to Austin.

Hotel is a mess... Shouldnt be open while they are remodeling

If there was a zero, I would put zero stars. This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. From the management, to the house keeping, to the "delicious breakfast", it was all horrible. When I first checked in they couldn't figure out if I paid for the hotel (which I purchased on Marriot which this hotel IS by marriot). They gave me a hard time, was going to make me pay all over again even though I had a paper stated I paid my package in full. After waiting and getting ignorant communication back, they said, "Oh okay, I do see that you paid for it., but we need 60 $ for fees just incase you break something" Now, I'm supposed to get this back, so we will see if I do or if they robbed me 60$ because nothing was broken when we left....So, we get our room. I have kids so we wanted to use the pool, there was bugs in the pool, and all the house keeping did was watch us swim... pretty weird to me. After using up some towels since there was 5 of us, I went down to ask them for more towels and they gave me only 2 with an attitude. Going back to my room, I eventually found an old pair of socks near the end of my bed under the comforter/sheets (GREAT CLEANING!!!) The house keepers never gave me any garbage bags, I even stuck the can outside in the hall way and nobody ever put a bag in it. So, we had this one little bag for all of our garbage. Going back to the 60$ fee, the first lady said that it would take 24 hrs to get the money back, another guy said it would be 3-5days....So which is it? The morning we had to leave, I go down to check out and the guy who was working didn't even know if we paid for our room (AGAIN!) So all in all, if youre looking for a horrible stay, go to this hotel they will give you the worst one yet!!! Next time I am in Texas I will be staying at  different hotel, preferably NOT BY MARRIOT! Good luck to all the future customers of this hotel. God bless!

Hotel was about to be remodeled, but overall looked like it needed some general maintaince. Breakfast was poor quality & dining area was very small and crowded. Hotel is not that convenient to campus & b/c of i-25, can be difficult to get to.

Hotel room had dead bugs. Smelled moist. Linen torn. Will never recommend this hotel!

Enjoyable stay and the management and staff are excellent.

Nice ace close to downtown maybe 3 or 4 miles . Quiet clean nice helpful staff area seemed safe. Next to interstate but quiet in the room

Hotel provide friendly service and comfortable room.

Everything was great. Except the foul odor by the sink area. Carpet needs steam cleaning.

Fast internet, and inexpensive. This is an older but well maintained property with friendly staff. I have been staying at this one for years. Everything you expect from a Fairfield with internet capable of video chatting with the family.

Hotel needs some updating (interior). Great breakfast!

Modest but excellent hotel with all the essentials covered. It could offer a better gym and breakfast but considering the price, it is a reasonable offer.

This facility is a hidden gem close to UT and major intersections. Best place to be away from home with all the amenities one would expect from a 4 star hotel... at a very reasonable cost. When in Austin, the Fairfield is our first choice... always.

Very helpful staff. Easy access from highway and close. To a few restaurants. Overall very good. No fridge or microwave in room.

this hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. breakfast was even good

I highly recommend this hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Always smiling. Cheerful and peaceful atmosphere.

We enjoy Fairfield Inn hotels and this one was pretty consistent with our previous stays. The room and hotel was clean and neat. There is no spa available. I think it said it had one on the website. The pool water was a little cloudy, but the pool area was clean and neat. The employees were very nice and the breakfast was good. If you stay at this hotel, be sure you know what part of town it is located in...not the absolute best part of town, although not the worst either. We stayed on the first floor near the employee "break room". I think they use this room for the breakfast preparation and it was noisy hearing the door open and close. So, if you're on the 1st floor, try to not be near this room. Other than that, it was a great stay!

Close, convenient - skip hotel breakfast go across the street to Tex-Mex

It a great hotel, very clean, quiet and provides you the best accommodations for your travel.

Rooms were dirty, staff showed no good attitude. Restroom had mold.

Whenever I travel, (which is every week), I try to find a hotel with a whirlpool.  I don't always take advantage but it's nice to have the option.
This is the second Fairfield Inn in two weeks that shows a whirlpool in the photos, but does not have one. In both cases, the whirlpool has been filled in with cement. This one has a cute little poolside table with chairs over the old whirlpool.  In both cases I complained to the manager but did not get much more than a shrug.  Certainly no apology or discount.
After years of loyalty, I am not going to stay at Fairfield Inns any more.

The service at this hotel is amazing. Lidia at the front desk is very friendly and super helpful. Love it!

Staff is not friendly. Breakfast is late and there are times they do not have a lot of choice. Room keys have to be reset every other day

We stayed at this hotel and everything was great!  Especially the service of everyone there.  Tony Zepeda, the manager, was simply the best manager of any hotel I've ever stayed at, and I've stayed MANY over the last 7 yrs.  He was welcoming, more than friendly, helpful even when some of our party were somewhat difficult. Not me.  He knew us by name after I check in and I so appreciated it.

Then, to my horror, I realized I had left my two pillows, one had been my deceased mother's, at the hotel over a week ago!  I just knew I'd never get them back.
I called Tony this afternoon and he went right then to look for them. He got back on the phone and told me he didn't find them but he would continue too look.  Less that 30 minutes later he left me a voice mail that he had indeed found them and would send them to me cost free as soon as he found a big enough box.  I returned his call and praised him!

Keep Tony. Send him out to train other managers on how to run a hotel, treat guest, give great service and all the things he does to get guests like me to return to his hotel because of him!

If undercover boss were to go to Tony's hotel......Tony would soon be going up the ladder of your corporation.

He is now my new best friend!

Mary West
Palacios, TX

We ended up here because it had complimentary breakfast, free parking and we could park our moving truck in their lot.  It is funny how not every hotel has those things.

I had a great experience here. The front desk staff member, I believe Solomon was his name, was terrific. Very attentive, generous and kind. The service was exceptional, rooms immaculate and I am thrilled to say I will be returning in the near future. Highly recommend.

Juanita was HEAVEN SENT. Customer service was amazing!!

I strongly advise against staying at this hotel. It is full of thieves; they broke into my car and stole my valuables. Expensive cars are constantly being smashed into, and things are routinely stolen. I recommend that no one go there. It is a truly repulsive hotel—dozens of people have written, and will continue to write, about what was stolen from them. The management is abysmal, and the hotel itself is disgusting.

I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. It's irresponsible. The security isn't working, and the cameras aren't working. Although they say everything's fine. Everything works. Everything's safe, but my friend's car was smashed, his belongings were stolen, and they're constantly stealing things, cars, and everything else. The rest is a disgusting organization. They smash and steal expensive things, cars, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. If you want to save your energy, nerves, and money,

An average Courtyard by Marriott hotel. The staff are very professional and courteous. Although the hotel seems old, the rooms are very clean. Parking is free and a few minutes from downtown Austin.

Just had to give a quick shout out to the night front desk worker aka Mrs Jam(jamela) because workthe night shift a being that kind to everyone is not for the week especially staying up all these hours inthe middle of the night alone

I've been staying at this hotel for three weeks now, and I've noticed that for maybe a week or more, they don't change the beds, they just make them up again to make them look nice, and that's it.

Very clean

Stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott and I’ve got to say… this is one of those places that understands the assignment.

Nothing flashy. Nothing over-the-top.
Just clean, comfortable, and quietly reliable.

And honestly? That’s all I need.

My hotel standards are simple:

- No rats 🐀
- No roaches 🪳
- Let me sleep in peace

Congratulations… you passed with honors.

Room was clean, bed was comfortable, and everything worked the way it was supposed to—which, in today’s world, feels like a luxury.

This isn’t the kind of place that’s trying to impress you with chandeliers and gold-plated everything…

This is the kind of place that says:
👉 “Relax. Sit down. We got you.”

And I respect that.

Staff was professional, atmosphere was calm, and I didn’t have to call downstairs for anything—which is the highest compliment I can give.

Final verdict:
⭐⭐⭐⭐☆

Dependable, clean, no drama.

Would I stay again?
Absolutely.

Because sometimes you don’t need a five-star experience…
you just need a place that doesn’t test your patience or your sanity.

Missed it by that much 🤏 (because I didn’t oversleep and miss checkout)

The high point of the stay was having a room ready upon early check in. Unfortunately, the room type I had reserved (king bed) was not available and she stated the hotel had over booked king bed rooms, but a room with two queens was available. That was great and an early check in is always appreciated. The other good part was Brooke, the server in the food area. She was very busy (and I heard two staff had quit unexpectedly) but she was quick and the cook prepared good food for hotel standards.||My issues came into play with the pool area, housekeeping, and keys being deactivated twice. ||Pool: I purposely booked a hotel with an outdoor pool (after canceling a hotel without a pool) because even though it is March, I’m from the north and lounging by the pool in the sun was on my to-do list for this vacation. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen because even though the pool was open, the building blocked the sun so even if it was warm enough, there was no sun reaching the pool area.||Key deactivation: I travel enough to know not to put keys next to cell phones. I have never stayed at a hotel where my keys have been deactivated twice in one stay. Both times I had my hands full and was exhausted and had to go to the front desk, and of course had a guest in front of me with an issue. The first time I was on my way out and forgot something in my room, so I was late for a lunch with family. The second time I commented on the deactivation happening twice, and I was told not to keep it near cell phones. No apology. There was another guest complaining about key deactivation as well so it wasn’t just me.||Room service: minimal at best. There was a used bottle of lotion in the  bathroom and the shower had two shampoo instead of one shampoo and body wash. The beds were made daily, but the bar soap was taken away and no soap provided. No lotion was ever supplied. No extra towels or washcloths. There was one small trash can for bathroom and bedroom, and it was overflowing and not emptied. I honestly didn’t even bring it up because I didn’t have time or feel like dealing with it. To me, having the basic toiletries/services shouldn’t require me to ask for it. I had requested daily room service on my check in.||There is a $4 plus charge for a medium coffee. I paid it, because I need my coffee. The coffee is put out later in the day, but you have to pay in the morning.

Overall, the facilities were meh. The bedrooms have been updated to match the Courtyard brand, but bathrooms have not been updated and the hotel feels partially finished in areas - namely the stairwells. We were on the second floor, so we opted to use the stairs to come and go, but the door to the first floor needed a new strut and the lights flickered on the 3rd floor landing.

The bed was comfortable, and I slept well the second night. The first night, the window AC unit was making horrible noises every time the compressor kicked on, which only got worse through the night. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful with the whole situation, and I absolutely give the service at the hotel 5 stars. They looked for another room to move us to, but they were sold out for the night. Fortunately, the maintenance technician was able to find that there were two loose screws in the compressor rattling each time it turned on and he fixed it right up.

The location was convenient for access to The Moody Center and getting to the university. We did almost miss the turn into the parking lot every time due to the state of the sign. The bush from the restaurant next door obscures the sign until you're right up on it, and it looks like the sign was originally in the ground, then moved for some sort of construction and never put back in. Once again, unfinished.

The pool was fine. There were only 3 lounge chairs and the day we tried to spend an hour or so by the pool, another couple was using two of the 3 and had their stuff on the 3rd. It also would have been nice to have a netting or barrier on the fence so it wasn't a direct view to the parking lot, or a direct view IN from the parking lot.

The gym felt outdated and under appointed, contributing to the 3 stars I give the facility.

There’s something about the rooms —even though the bed was comfortable and sheets were nice, it still gave off the impression that you want to keep your shoes on. It’s the very old ceilings and how all the furniture in the room, like the wardrobes, are permanently in place but also crooked. The metal bedframe in our room was also crooked, sticking out under the sheets, so I gashed my leg on that. Just lack of care for details I guess that makes the hotel feel very budget.

The pool is also very basic and doesn’t look well maintained, which is understandably difficult for an outdoor pool but even still.

The hotel’s location beside the freeway is convenient for access but is a bit noisy, as you’d except, and makes walkability low.

It’s a fine hotel with friendly staff but don’t let the “Marriott” name influence you.

Good view!

Positive: Location Negative: Yes, the staff was extremely rude, and the most unprofessional I have ever witnessed. Specifically, Sandy who works at the coffee/ bakery in the hotel lobby. She was yelling, pushed the coffee, bad gestures. I WILL NOT stay here again!

I really liked this hotel when I got there there were no rooms ready due to a sold out event but the ladies at the front desk did an awesome job accommodating. She handled the stress very professionally and my thermostat in my room needed batteries she was quick to send maintenance to replace the battery. I enjoyed my stay tremendously.

Don’t normally take the time to review hotels, but felt given the current state of this one it’s worth it to warn others. This hotel is in desperate need of updating. The hallways are narrow with low ceilings. The rooms look like they are out of the early 2000s with the exception of the flatscreen. My bathroom had hairs all over it and a toilet that barely flushed. Typical older courtyard property where there are scratches, dents, missing paint on every surface you look at. Thing that sent me over the edge are the tiny showers with the shower head that is at my chest height and I’m only 6’2. Nothing like having to squat in your hairy shower to get the whole body in the water!

Hotel parking is well lit. No microwaves in the room. Ladies behind counter at the bistro  were not friendly. I was not greeted when I approached. Only one other customer at the counter. One worker behind the counter was fixing herself some coffee and looked at me and turned away. Then she left. Finally the other lady from the other end by the register  asked me what I needed. I needed complementary coffee but I paid $4.50. Mexican restaurant within walking distance was great! Good price and a lot of food!  Very sweet. The hotel was renovating last year but have not finished. My friend was on the 5 th floor and said carpet was nasty.
The front desk ladies nice.

Paid breakfast only even coffee is not complimentary , and price is very high for both

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Comfortable,clean. But I need more cover.

Nice hotel with everything you need, but what really stands out is the service.
We arrived late at night and Jam at the front desk made our check-in incredibly easy and made sure we could fully rest. Her kindness and professionalism made a big difference. Highly recommended.

It's close to In-N-Out. We arrived quite late around 2am. We were received very well by Jam! She really made it a good experience checking in after a long flight as we were very tired.

Very accommodating hotel and experience! Especially Jam! She went out of her way to make our check in quick and easy because we had a long day of travel and arrived late. She went above and beyond! Very hospitable and would definitely stay again!

Muy bonito y confortable, limpio y descansas a placer, muy recomendable

We supposed to stay for 5 nights but we checked out after the first night. The  bed was awful, sagging and  had a very uncomfortable sleep.  You dont need to have back problem to complain about the sagging bed.
The place is seriously in need of make over, renovation that includes replacing their  beds and carpets.
The only good thing about this place were the ladies staff in the front desk. They were very accommodating, friendly and good people. Were very understanding why we needed to check out.

Conveniently located near the University of Austin Texas, a mere 10-15 mins drive away Proximity to eateries and shop in 5-10mins driveShell gas station is just outside the hotelFriendly and helpful staff

The accommodation was old and a bit tatty, the curtains had holes it was average cleanliness and they offer free parking but it’s outside in an open car park,
The pool was dirty and filled with leaves, wouldn’t stay again but it was nice enough for our short stay

Not terrible, but better options for price. The hotel needs a facelift, but I wouldn’t say it’s outdated. Maybe just, the landlord special if you will.

Upon arrival I had a nice greeting followed by- due to demand we had to change you to a two bed suite. I was a little perturbed, as I paid more for the King, but I acknowledge that sometimes things happen. No sweat.

Get to my room, air is on full blast reading 65 degrees. It takes an hour of finagling but finally the heat kicks on. So now I’m ready for a bath.

I booked this hotel SPECIFICALLY for a bath. I don’t have one at home, I’m out of town, and I was ready to get down on a good book.

Think again- no hot water. In fact, the water faucet is rotated upside down and water turns on and off at various points. Another hour and I’m going to bed- cold and uneducated.

Very disappointed in my stay. This was paid for by my company, so I suppose the only one let down is me. Room 324 if you want to fix the issues.

Average hotel. Wish there was something to comment that that would give it an extra bump in stars but really just okay. I don't usually stay at courtyards but I was traveling with a colleague. It really bothers me that hotels cannot offer complimentary coffee in the morning aside from the old coffee maker in the room.

The only good thing about this hotel were the nice ladies  staff at the check in desk. Candice and the other lady were so helpful and understanding. We needed to check out the following day instead of a longer stay. The bed was awful, saggy and uncomfortable. The hotel is old and outdated with stains in the hallway carpets. It’s not a good place to stay while visiting Austin. Look somewhere else. That’s what we did!

Staff was friendly and helpful.    Rooms are starting to become dated worn. My biggest gripe was the hot water in our shower barely worked as you had to set the handle just right for it to get hot. Every flush of the toilet was a fingers crossed moment that whatever you were doing wasn't going to make it on the first try, the toilets are old and still have the big 3 gallon tanks. Our television had screen burn marks in it that made every show look like an ink blot test. All in all, you get what you pay for right?

I wanted to leave this review a week ago when I stayed but I waited too long and forgot the young lady’s name that took care of me and my family during our stay. She’s a very lovely Spanish girl with an amazingly sweet disposition  and smile. She was there when I checked in and there when I checked out on 12/23/2025. I truly hate that I forgot her name Jada or something equally beautiful. I wandered in looking tired and lost and she said ‘you must be looking for the elevator. I just nodded exhausted. Very kind. I’m almost tempted to call and ask her what her name was! Anyway the place was nice and clean and quiet. The small market was even decorated to reflect the current holiday season. They had everything from feminine products to pain killers. There’s a little seafood restaurant just up the street that had a packed house on a Tuesday afternoon which is always a good sign! I would definitely recommend the space for a traveling businessman or even a family!

This place is conducting fraud. I made a reservation through the app. Nowhere in the app was there the ability to cancel. I made it for the night at around 4 pm. I meant to make it for the 14th and instead somehow made it for the 13th. Then they said sorry you can't cancel the reservation before 24 hours. Then upon talking to customer service. I was told "sorry we only do cancelations 24 hours out" you are charged the no show fee. Customer service at this specific hotel are pocketing money under the guise of policy but no real business would operate with such unique circumstances unrealistically. It would only make sense if I made it last week and then didn't cancel within 24 hours. It was a mis click and they want to charge 158 dollars for a misclick and hide the ability to cancel in app. Also this was suppose to be reimbursed through work, now I have to get a different hotel and fight this fraud. Will be reversing the transaction on the credit card to win this fight. I have to say this is in line with some scummy behavior in Austin. My wife tried to by a pipe on 6th street in 2021 it was priced at 20 dollars and she swiped her card was charged 150 no refunds. I think the same shade of people are working here. I say that to say that there is a lot of things that happen here in Austin of this nature that don't really happen anywhere else. I would hope someone does an investigation of similar allegations against this specific hotel and you might find upon a closer look some unethical behavior.

Buenas atenciones ,las recepcionista muy amables.

Over all the Courtyard by Marriott is just a place to stay. The hot water for the shower it take some time, wasted a lot of water. The TV in the room was glitchy, did not load half the channels.

I've stayed in 1 star hotels that offered more amenities. No free or even continental breakfast. Very basic rooms. No microwave.  Very bare bones hotel. Very disappointed. This hotel is for a single guy crashing for the night.

Bathroom floor was dirty, sticky. Wall behind Bathroom door had peeled paint and plaster showing.

Clean, convenient and pet friendly.

There was hair in the shower. There were stains and debris on the carpet. The location is terrible. You cannot walk anywhere, nothing is close. This property is very old.

Really good courtyard with an awesome bar and restaurant downstairs. All employees from front desk to bartender to housekeeping were all beyond friendly.

Not at all the quality of a courtyard Marriott that I’m used to. Rooms were run down, no room refreshing, paint stains and carpet stains in the hallway, no security measures with keycard required to access elevators. Could hear toilets flushing in rooms adjacent. And they charged us $500/night bc it was an event weekend in the area. Very disappointing

Rooms are showing its age and lack of maintenance. It’s dirty and definitely not worth staying again. Breakfast is good but not a typical buffet style.

Positive: The staff were AMAZING! Thank you for going out your way to fill my canister with ice. I really appreciate it. Negative: ""

Great experience - it's clear they are making significant improvements to the hotel!

Property is run down . Hot water didn’t work in shower . Hallways were dirty . Stay away

My boy had a soccer game and was there for sat night. I guess if you don't take a shower early you don't get hot water not sure but I didn't have any hot water. Rooms are nice was a lil bummed about no microwave in room.

Free parking, great made to order breakfast, friendly staff and large suite room. |Only complaint is the old fashioned a/c that shuts on and off.

Check out is at 12:00pm (remember this). House keeping entered the room at 9am without knocking. Upon entering she then announced "House Keeping." We were not dressed. I then placed the do not disturb sign on the door. At 11:45am housekeeping returned this time knocking on the door. Clearly they wanted us out ASAP! So to say we felt rushed to gtfo is an understatement.

Staff was great. I’d come Back

Stayed here for weekend getaway. Poor decision.

Hotel is quite old. Rooms are small and stinks weird.
TV had issue. Shower pressure was so low that we couldn’t even take shower. Complained to front desk and no action on first day. Kept complaining and still no response.

The room was very comfortable. There was clicking noise the whole night. We were in the 3rd floor.

The check in service was TERRIBLE. It looked and feel like she didn't want to be there.

Friendly and attentive staff,Brooke the bar tender very friendly and holds a good conversation and makes an excellent old fashion, I'll be definitely going back.

Great location and loved that they had a special breakfast area for military service members.

The highlight of my quick stay was the front desk associate Twilight! She is bubbly, generous and very personable. I arrived after midnight and just needed a spot to lay my head. despite the early morning hour, she was quick to smile and greet me. The conversation even got me to smile despite being very tired and worn out after traveling. Her dog greeted me as well and was very adorable! Good job to the company for allowing the pup to be there (the last 7 years!). I want to just give a huge shout out to her great service, thank you Twilight!

Ps. The beds are very comfortable!

Leave a positive review for Candace—She is so nice and helpful! Really appreciate it.

At check-in, Melissa was extremely friendly (even provided me with a coupon for free drink from the bar) and went out of her way to ensure a seamless process. At check-out she exhibited the same level of professional and friendliness. This type of service has become less and less common, so it was great to have a wonderful experience at the beginning and end of my stay.

If you need to be in this area, convenient.  The hotels needs an upgrade.  Service was good

This hotel is very dirty!!! Dingy nasty carpet in rooms and hall!! One staff I guess the bartender in a du rag never stopped his conversation with the desk agent.

Booked for two nights definitely not staying. Only staying long enough to sleep.
This is a mess!! Do NOT stay here !!! It does not look like the pictures

The hotel and rooms need  urgent maintenance. I had a very frustrating stay in Courtyard Austin University.  The vicinity is not attractive, with no parks or restaurants nearby.  The room experience was poor:||Constant street noise in the room.||Blackout curtains that didn’t close fully, letting in light at night.||Poor lighting in the room.||Very low water flow in the bathtub/shower, which also failed to drain properly.||Extremely soft, unsupportive bed that made sleeping uncomfortable.||A lamp near the coffee area with no switch, which had to be unplugged from a rusty outlet to be turned off.||Common areas on the 7th floor with walls full of holes, damaged ceiling finishes, and heavily stained carpet.||The rate of $142 per day doesn't match the condition and amenities offered.

It tries to be nice. But there is a lot wronI only had hot water twice for the week I was there.

A hotel that big should have some sort of security walking the parking lot. They don't. My truck was broken into. Their camera system absolutely sucks and are useless. g with it.

The staff, all except for housekeeping are really nice. I was asleep with the Do Not Disturb on my door. An older Hispanic lady forced me to leave my room so she could clean.

The walls are paper thin.

Once they start vacuuming the hole, it lasts for hours and it's everyday.

lovely kind and helpful staff. clean rooms, we had 0 issues staying here for 5 nights. also if you’re lucky, you might run into Ms. Daisy, the sweetest black Lab in the lobby. <3

Good stuff and clean accommodations. Strange area outside but it was fine.

WATER DAMAGE IN ROOMS - Sick after 24 hours!!!!!

Had a horrible stay here. Upon check-in, we immediately noticed signs of water damage and general uncleanliness inside and outside of our room. After 24 hours, we became incredibly sick and checked out early to find a different place to stay.
This place is very dirty and not kept up well at all. Don't make the mistake of staying here.

Was very disappointed with my room and the sofa couch is very tiny. I requested for 4 ppl and they recommended that option but my 2 kids did not fit

The lobby smelled so nice when you walked in. The room was clean Anna the employees helpful. It’s close to downtown. Great location to get anywhere you need.

This hotel is probably the worst hotel I've ever been in. The staff are the only reason it got 3 stars. It's insanely dirty, everywhere. There were bugs everywhere, we nearly checked out early thank goodness we were only there for a short stay. I'm not sure if the room wasn't cleaned or cleaned properly but it was dirty and the floor was filthy! It was a weekend of 80-90 degree weather and the pool was filthy.

We were in town for my son's One Act Play state competition. The location was fairly close to our event location. Getting off the freeway you have a block or so to get over and make the turn. It was somewhat hard to see the entrance; I about missed it every time. There was plenty of parking. We were greeted right away and quickly checked in. The lobby was clean. The pool could have used a cleaning, but we ended up not getting in anyway. The hallway seemed a little rough. Our room was clean and we had a nice view of downtown. I was laying on the bed and someone briefly came into our room and then left, no knock. We think it might have been the maid. There was an issue with the tub drain. The whole plug and mount were loose and came out. Overall, I feel satisfied with our visit and would probably book another stay here.

The room was fine, but they called it the presidential suite, and it didn't feel any different than your run of the mill room layout or size. The area wasn't immediately near much, but 15 minutes from the airport and downtown. The staff was very friendly, and the area felt mostly safe. And I always love free parking!

Good and clean

The rooms are definitely old, which I didn’t mind—but what really stood out was how unclean and poorly maintained everything was. Housekeeping was subpar: the beds were never properly made, and the bedsheet kept slipping off constantly. The room just didn’t feel clean.

Our coffee table wasn’t stocked with tea, and when we asked, we were told they only provide coffee—and only on the first day of your stay. That was really disappointing, especially since my dad only drinks tea. They said we’d have to pay extra just for an earl grey tea bag. Not great hospitality.

The lighting in the room was very dim—only two lights in total—and the atmosphere felt dark and unwelcoming. The bedrest was literally a removable block of thermocol, which was bizarre and uncomfortable.

The only positive experience we had was with the kind lady on the night shift (the one with the dog)—she was lovely and genuinely helpful. Unfortunately, the rest of the staff seemed untrained and inattentive.

Overall, this was easily the most uncomfortable stay I’ve had in Austin. I wouldn’t recommend this place unless you truly have no other options.

Lack of cleaning as I enter the restroom to take a shower. I observed urine on the toilet seat disgusting

This is, and has been, my go-to Austin area hotel.

Perfectly located right next to the highway but set back just enough from the road to not be loud. Nearby a whole bunch of excellent food options, with a good kitchen and excellent bar in the lobby (which also has the added benefit of being quiet for residents.) Good amenities, and an excellent staff. (Also a pool that other guests like but which I've never tried take that how you will.)

Room decor is a little outdated, I'm guessing coming from the late-'90s or early '00s, but the rooms are always clean and they're more spacious than you usually get at a Courtyard. Also, and this is important for me, most of the rooms still have a bathtub instead of the shower-only model that Marriott has been switching over to lately. If you're looking for a nice place that hasn't been overly modernized THIS IS IT.

I will say I have status at Marriott, so maybe my view is a little skewed but the flip side is that I have felt recognized everytime I've stayed at the Courtyard and that when they have availability you will be upgraded, which is a very very nice touch.

Which goes with my biggest compliment here, the staff. Everytime I've stayed here the staff have been excellent. Morrison was a front-desk manager here and when he helped me it was always prompt and forthcoming with service, which was incredible especially when I was travelling with large groups. I'm going from recollection at my most recent stay but Candice and Ashton made check-in an absolute breeze and helped me with some minor and mid-tier issues with smiles and no complaints.

I also want to stress that housekeeping is above-average here. I  believe the head housekeeper is Erin, I met her once and she was helpful and her team always makes the rooms feel clean. I cannot stress enough how nice it is to come back to a room that you know will simply be spotless.

I strongly recommend making this your go-to hotel in the Austin area.

I stayed here for just one night. While the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful (they even moved us to a different room when we asked), the overall condition of the hotel left a lot to be desired. The building is really old, and although the lobby and hallways smelled nice, the rooms had a strong, unpleasant odor that didn’t go away, even after switching rooms.

The room itself wasn’t in great shape—there were several areas with peeling paint and cracks, and it just didn’t feel very clean or well-maintained. We did have hot water, which I was thankful for given the reviews saying otherwise.

The hotel seems to be under renovation, but that didn’t impact our stay. It was easy to find, and the location felt safe and was convenient for what we needed. Overall, I wouldn’t choose to stay here again unless it’s been fully renovated.

They change your rate!! Without even telling you!! You book discounted rates as you are entitled for.. but this hotel choose to charge you whatever they decide to.. and even they cant fix it later.. dont know either they are lazy or inefficient!!! Horrible place.. website says restaurant open through out but it is not!!! Breakfast is still 10am which is chargeable one and not complimentary , but they pretty much wrap it up before 9:45am.. location is not great either.. when supporting documents needed the mobile key should not be provided.. my guest was treated really bad there!!’

I rent a room on 3-29-2025 to 3-30-2025 I don’t think the lady at the front desk has a bad customer service she just doesn’t know how to be a good person with her customer’s even when I checkout I said thank you she don’t even respond to me any word. Maybe because me and my wife looks a Muslim ,
How ever I don’t recommend it

The hotel looks old, the rooms feel old and cheap, was clean but I certainly didn’t love it. We just stayed at a different Marriott same class and it was much nicer.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

I would prefer not to stay at this hotel again, but I probably will have to for work.

Pros: Friendly desk staff, well-lit parking lot with plenty of free parking, surprising variety of good dining options in the area despite it not being downtown, and seemed safe. Cute old dog behind the front desk.

Cons: Hairs of the variety you really don't like to see were in the shower and corners of the bathroom at check-in. There were small bits of gunk around common touch-points, like the toilet paper holder and the tissue holder. The complimentary mini bottle of lotion had an eyelash under the cap, so it likely had been used by the previous occupant. The room was extremely dated. The furniture was worn. The carpet outside the room had large stains of either bleach or some kind of white powder on them. The carpet inside the room was frayed and worn. The bedding was yellowed in places. After the first night, housekeeping did not vacuum my bathroom or take away my used washcloth (they did after the second night).

Hotel is fairly shabby. Peeling paint, etc. I would recommend it, however, based on the fact that the water is inconsistently warm and never hot. Showers were miserable the whole stay.

I nominate this as the worst hotel during my business trip to the U.S. It is the worst Marriott experience I have ever had. This is the worst hotel in the solar system and has the worst washing machine in the multiverse.

First of all, the claim that they give 2,000 points per night is a scam. It worked for about two times, and then it stopped. Also, the washing machine is truly the worst.

On top of that, I developed a strange skin disease, probably due to the mattress and bedding. I can also constantly hear noises from the next room. There is even a connecting door between the rooms, and sometimes, someone tries to open it. It feels like a horror movie.

I'm afraid this experience will haunt my dreams. I want to erase this place from my memory forever.

Me gustó la estancia, pero hubo dos cosas que no me gustaron me Quedé en dos cuartos diferentes y en los dos me picaron chinches, todo era limpio excepto eso y el primer día muy temprano sonó la alarma todos bajamos y no avisaron que fue una falsa alarma. Nos despertaron por nada y teniendo bocinas no explicaron que era falsa alarma.

The entrance to the hotel was not easy to find. When I finally got here, I was placed on the second floor room 224. As I was walking to my room, you can smell the new paint aroma in the hallway. So I had to walk faster before I get a headache. When I got in my room, the light switch is only for the coffee bar, which is very very dim. As I open the window to check the view. You can see the  outside AC condenser and they area loud and kept me up most of the night. My bathroom have a window and is visible from the out side. Not much of a privacy as you can see from the picture. As other people had mention, there is no hot water. The bed light is old, dusty and gloomy. The next morning, I need some strong coffee after sleeping in their old bed.  The asked for a venti coffee of the day and it was lukewarm water down.  If you are planning for a hotel reservation, go somewhere else.  I do agree the location was convenience and the service was ok. I am not coming back to this location.

Solid location but hard to get into.  If you miss the entrance you have to do some work to get back.  Rooms are in need of a remodel.  They were clean and service was great as expected but older and run down.  Stayed here for work and would do so again but would look for other options first.

Good for the price.

Free parking!

Do not stay here. I stayed here in January from the 24-25, and have a reservation in the future.

Upon arrival at this hotel, the only entrance is a small corridor off the I-35 access road, so if you miss the turn, you'll have to go all the way around. While the parking lot is spacious, the room you pay for is what you get; we had a two queen room, which is exactly that. A room with two queen beds and a restroom. The staff that night was very hospitable and provided us with what we asked for, but there's no breakfast here if you are looking for that. While it's cold, the pool was also dirty when we were looking down at it if that is a factor you consider.

Here is where my main problem is:
I booked the reservation through a third party for our second stay at this location. The room was apparently a non-refundable room. First off, what makes it non-refundable? Did i use it or did they set up special accommodations for me that they can't take back or something? Unfortunately, we got the flu and could not make the reservation. Prior to the reservation date, I called the hotel and asked them to allow for a cancellation and refund of the room. The person I was talking to said it was booked through a third party (Delta) and Delta would have to do it.

So I called Delta, told them what happened. The Delta agent was very understanding but stated this can only work if they hotel agreed. The agent then called the hotel and told me she spoke with either Kirk or Kurt, who hung up on her on the phone when she was asking for the refund on my behalf. The agent stated she called back and spoke to Kim, who said something about their printer being busy, so they were unable to help her. The agent, now having been hung up on and is unable to talk to someone who will help with this situation will have to send them an email, and hope they will read it.

I don't work in hospitality, but if this is normal business procedure and they hang up on folks or are too busy to assist, this is not a hotel I would ever book at again. This is a sour impression on all courtyard hotels for me. Stick to Hyatt or Hilton.

Just to recap I even called them initially, and they said the third party would have to allow the refund. I feel like they just sent me in a circle for no reason.

This hotel is tired, and desperately in need of a refresh.

Bedding, linens, lighting are all sub-par.

On the food side, everything was clean and the staff were solid.

Really tricky entrance off the main road, nothing really walkable nearby.

The hotel is in a great location close to the university. The staff were all very friendly and the bartender was great at night for serving nightcaps.

The hotel is older and has had a lot of mileage. The room had clean linen and towels, but hard to say if much else was cleaned. The carpet had stains and the shower had a hard time draining. Water pressure was good and the water got very hot. The bed was very comfortable with firm pillows.

I had other coworkers at the hotel and one had to move to a new room because there was no hot water.

There is small fitness center too for cardio and dumbbell weights.

OLDER PROPERTY! They are about to begin their renovation process. The ladies working made the stay comfortable. The young lady, Shelby I think her name was, was very attentive. She gave me a complementary upgrade. Room was huge! The women who works overnight was very sweet! Never caught her name though.

There is nothing around this hotel. The next door seafood place is awful. The courtyard menu is limited, but good quality, expensive. The rooms are dated, the shower and sink are below average. The room is not well laid out. The fitness room has two treadmills and an elliptical, bench and dumbbells. For two people, it seems congested. I would not It stay here next time,there are a lot of options in this price range.

Muy bien, un poco descuidado el hotel

I called ahead to ask for a room close to the elevator and on the 2nd floor.  They said they could accommodate me.  When we arrived we were able to check in early.  Every staff member was helpful and pleasant. I had surgery the next day and when I returned they offered my husband a wheel chair to help me. Everyone that worked those days were wonderful to my husband and myself. I really appreciate all their help and kindness.

No hot water in our room. Dingy hallways. Rooms need total redo.

The Hotel needs an update. Just seemed a little outdated.

Courtyard showing its age. Soundproofing is non existent. Friendly checkin and great hospitality with providing water and granola bar for our day, it was a nice touch. Rooms are dated and furniture is rickety. Mattress was worn.

Great staff

I've stayed at a courtyard before and my issue is the consistency. This was an older hotel which wasn't an issue but upon checking in, there was already 2 crickets in the room. This hotel does not provide hotel slippers or robes but I've had slippers at another courtyard.
The cafe and breakfast downstairs is average so you're better off eating outside at some cool brunch spots in the city.
Staff are very friendly but I found the stay to be super below average. Rooms definitely need upgrading. Location is great with lots of shops and proximity to the city centre.

Even though it was 15mins away from our local Domain destination this hotel did not have any ICE on our floor nor did they have microwaves

This was my first stay at this hotel and I would absolutely come back. Candace went above and beyond to help us. She was so kind and explained everything in detail. She even gave us information about the pool and bar area! She had a great personality and was lovely to talk to. Thank you for making our stay that much more awesome!

Ok to start I must say the staff was pleasant and polite. I was greeted with respect and that was impressive.
Now to the unfortunate part of the stay, the hotel condition. Hallways are filthy and hot. This is not acceptable and needs to be treated the same as the rooms
The rooms are nice and clean.

Rooms need some TLC

This was by far the worst hotel experience I have ever had in all my years of traveling. The staff is beyond rude and unprofessional. My room was given away even because I didn't exactly arrive at 4 and they said they gave it away and were sold out, but when it was time to get my money back, they said they had tons of rooms available. This left me stranded in a strange city at night. The manager was not helpful and kept saying they had no proof until I had to call corporate TWO months after the initial calls who found them in the wrong.  I want to add that DEBORAH is by far the most unprofessional and rudest manager I've ever met. She likes to give attitude and refused to give me information to help my case. She purposely did not want the calls traced back to the hotel and tried to call from personal number so we wouldn't call the hotel again. Very unprofessional. Would never recommend this Marriott to anyone even after being a loyal mariott member for years.

Bistro to high and quality poor and WiFi doesn’t work

Unfortunately, I am writing another poor review. We stayed here a while ago. The stay was horrible. We were offered points from a manager but those NEVER came. The stay then was poor. The room smelled of mildew. We discovered mold, the restroom needed a renovation. It was an awful visit.

We decided to give this room another shot (due to a last minute booking) and it was even worse this time. The room this time was hot, the halls had fans. The room again, smelled awful. The bathroom had rust spew from the bath tub when we turned the water on. The wall pad behind the pillows had old hair, dirt, and dust all over it. To top it off, the power was out from 3 AM until we checked out.

We had to feed, dress, and soothe our newborn baby boy in complete darkness. To say we are disappointed is a huge understatement. Not only did we NEVER receive the points from our initial visit, this hotel severely underwhelmed us again. No one checked on us or anything. No one emailed or called to inform us with an update regarding the power. When we went to check out of the room, all we got was a “we are working on it. It was not just you guys affected!” Like seriously, we have a newborn? That’s it. Show some type of empathy. We will NEVER come here again. So disappointed.

Prime location but it’s not the courtyard you expected. Just show you the ceiling when you lay down on your bed to see. Similar as others.

Good: The employees were nice and professional. Their breakfast was really good.
Bad: We had no cold water on the first room we were given. The AC had a hard time to cool down the room. This was a room facing the Eastside of the building. We called about the AC and water but when we returned to the room, same thing. They moved us to a room facing the westside of the building. What a difference, we had cold water and the AC worked. Both rooms the bathroom door wouldn’t lock.
We cannot recommend this hotel because taking a hot water shower was not fun.

Pool was full of pollen & bugs. So many I think the bug that was in my bug was brought up from the pool in my hair. Seriously. Other than that, it was an amazing stay. 👏

o
Too much went wrong with this visit to explain, but I’ll type the mail issues.
When I checked in, I asked if I could pre-order food from the Bistro. I was told “not usually, but you can always try and they might do it”. So I ordered DoorDash instead.
Had 2 broken coffeemakers until 3rd one worked.  Only 1 coffee cup came with the room with 3 lids that didn’t fit. Sugar packets were moist & stuck together. Gross.
First time I called front desk for phone & coffeemaker I was told someone would come up, but after waiting 2+ hours (delaying my shower as to be able to answer door), still no one showed so I had to call front desk again.
Was awakened BOTH mornings before noon by housekeeping banging on door even though Do Not Disturb sign was ON THE DOOR and I had requested 2:00 late check out. I was SOUND ASLEEP both times, with the expectation that I would be able to sleep. I called the front desk on the 2nd night to request late check out at 2:00. When I called the next morning after being awakened before noon, the lady said there was no note on my room for late check out and she didn’t get the note.  She apologized & offered to add point to my bonvoy account.
The phone did not work. When a worker came to fix it, I was told the room connection did not work for a phone.  Yet he left the phone in the room (maybe for looks for the next guest?). Every time I had to contact front desk (probably 10 times in 2 days), had to call from my personal phone.
Twice when I contacted front desk with problems, the lady who answered told me she was working on something else and I needed to hang on because she needed to finish what she was doing. (Sounded like older lady with smokers voice). The other times I called, the ladies wee much more friendly & helpful, not rude like the smoker lady.
We ate at the bistro. After a longer than expected wait on our simple order, the meatballs that were served to us were practically still frozen in the middle!!!  We had to send them back. When the “chef” brought out the new order, they were nice & hot. However we had also ordered a pizza which was supposed to have basil on top. There was arugula but not basil (totally different flavors). When we asked the “chef”, he said well it was only on there for color (!!!???!!!). But at least the pizza tasted decent.
There was a light in the room under the TV that had a switch that didn’t work so I couldn’t turn it off (I didn’t bother calling about it after everything else).
The guide on the TV didn’t work, so it was hit & miss trying to find a station.
The elevator floor was held together with duct tape!
This is where I will stop.
I was so incredibly disappointed with this experience. I always use Bonvoy hotels, but never this one again. I stayed here about 10 years ago & I don’t recall having such a horrible experience, but the circumstances of my visit were also very different.
The worst part, BY FAR, was being awakened by banging on the door BOTH mornings. When I had CLEARLY taken the necessary steps to prevent that from happening.

This has been my worst experience with a courtyard, and being an elite platinum member, I use the Courtyards alot.

The hotel smells, old, no hot water, I literally had to beg to get house keeping to clean my room. Some staff were nice, others no regard for customer service. I will not be here ever again. This location depreciates the Marriott brand.

This was not a normal Marriott. It felt more like a Motel 6. VERY outdated. The hallways are humid and stale and the ceiling looks “scary”. There is no ventilation in the hallways. The rooms are outdated with tears in the carpet. The pool is wide open for anyone to use.  It has no kind of fence around it. We could never get anything but local tv to work. We kept getting a no internet connection error.  We tried to call the front desk around 930 pm and could never get anyone to answer.
The staff we encountered were all super helpful and friendly, however!

Stayed at the hotel for about a month and was continuously helped from Jackie, Albert, and Chaya. They were great!

Stayed here for a couple weeks for work and the faculty was extremely accommodating and friendly. Especially Jackie, Albert, and Chaya, who are all amazing people and were so kind to us. Would stay here again 100%

Albert and Chaya were amazing and kept us always happy, they made our trip the most amazing time. Jackie was also amazing and everyday we came downstairs were greeted with a smile and amazing positive attitude.
Shout out to Kelli also helped with a the accommodations and just an awesome and proffesional director.

Really enjoyed my stay. Chaya and Albert were excellent; the staff was really helpful.

This place provides such in accurate information and lacks completely empathy. Mold was discovered on my home, so me and my 2 cats had to evacuate. I called the Marriott Bonvoy line to inquire if there are any Marriott hotels that accept cats. The man who took my reservation said the University location does and booked me for a week. I arrive for check in, and the check in person was great. She gave me sympathy for my situation and even offered to waive the pet fee.

Well halfway into the reservation all of that changed. I started receiving chats through the app that cats aren’t accepted, but they will let me finish out the remainder of my stay. I informed them this isn’t my problem, as it was their agents who booked me and checked me in with 2 cats. They treated me like I was a nuisance and a rebel, when I openly checked in with the 2 cats. They were not snuck in whatsoever.

When check out day comes, low and behold the pet fee is on there. I messaged the front desk about it, and they said I was provided misinformation and they could not waive the fee. So I was misled when checking in and unfortunately lost an extra $80. It was such a poor experience, especially with the added stress of no longer having a permanent home any longer.

We stayed there 2 days ago, the shower water did not get warm, after we tried for 1/2 hr. We called the front desk, they states the engineer are working on it. After few hours, we called again, still not fixed. There is no refund offer either. We had cold shower and left, this hotel left a bad impression.
Location is difficult to get to, the name “ university area “ is deceiving. It’s actually >20 minutes away by driving.

We are very disappointed by our stay here. It’s our 4th time staying and I now realize management has stopped caring about the guest experience.

The hotel had a 4.3 rating last time we came and now is below 4. This explains our situation.

The hotel is OK, spacious rooms, good location, and fair ammenities. Clean and smart.

The service this time was very bad though. Both days we stayed, they forgot to do our rooms. Even though this is frustrating, the real problem came when I politely asked them about it. The Guest Services team is very bad… they didn’t apologize and had a terrible attitude, and never even offered to change our towels (I had to go and ask after).

It is not the mistake… it’s the attitude after it that makes me more frustrated. It shows that management has stopped caring about the guest experience.

Better stay somewhere else if available. I am not coming back… even though we liked the hotel a lot.

Hotel is old and being remodeled.  Stains on carpet in hallway.  The hotel common areas and elevators were dirty.

We arrived at the hotel to be treated with smiles and the feel of genuinely happy to see us.  Jackie was awesome.  She actually read our member profile and had adjusted our room to suit within minutes of us arriving. There was absolutely nothing but kindness and assistance from the entire staff.  From check-in to check out, the staff was excellent.  As for the rooms, they were outdated.  The beds were old, lumpy, and soft. The caulking in the shower was starting to pull away in spots. Light switches were not easily accessible. We did like all the tabletop space supplied. We also liked the convenience to the location of our business there in Austin.

Stayed one night and it was an odd place with badly lit area and the workers kept staring us down and had an awful attitude then decided to charge us for a late check out without telling us and then come wait by the door until we left and threatened to charge us for a second day till we got out at 12. Would not recommend. Take your money to a different Marriott this one is not worth it

I stayed at the Marriott Courtyard University Area with my friend. I had checked in on my phone so we could have a mobile key. The app said I needed to check in face to face because an ID was required for a mobile key.||Upon arrival, my ID was not checked. I was just given a key to room 617. While the room was average, I do not believe it was worth the group rate of $150/night or the standard $200/night. A Courtyard should be on par with a Hilton Garden Inn, and it should be a step above a Fairfield. However, I have stayed at LaQuintas nicer than this.||The hotel website advertises a free breakfast, yet the only thing available was the Bistro, which was clearly not a substantial breakfast.||Finally, there was a mysterious stain in our tub that made it seem unclean, and the linens smelled like farts. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, and there are far better places for the money in Austin.

It was ok but just feels outdated

Very unlucky for us, we arrived on Monday after the eclipse. Somehow their electronic system was down, and seemed like only 2 ladies working in the entire hotel. One of them had to write on paper to get us through check-in, and the other one walked us to the room to open the door. Kudos to them for holding the fort down during such disturbance. There were no hot water for the night and the water pressure was very low a day later still (we were on top floor).

Decent hotel unfortunately laundry is inoperative

Trash hotel, cancelled room on arrival

Uncomfortable sofabed

The staff here were a treat, so kind and friendly. The girl who checked us in at night on April 5th was an absolute hoot, with such a great sense of humor. The room was clean and free parking was a plus. Ended up not trying their bistro because the menu was strangely vague and didn't exactly say what the dishes were and the prices were high. Easy to get to from the airport and nice and close to Target.

Cheap and fine - bit not great.

Boiler broke down while we were here and woke up to only freezing showers available. We checked out early.

The room I was in is a bit tired. Clean and serviceable but in need of a refresh. The trim in the hallways was a bit rundown and patchy in spots. The location was fine for our purposes but is not a walkable neighborhood. Transportation is required to get to any sightseeing. Staff was very friendly and personable. They worked hard to ensure a comfortable stay.

This is the worst experience I ever had when I stayed in a Marriott hotel. When I checked in on 7th, the staff at the front desk was very incomprehensible and his face was very ugly. There was not only warm water in room 7 at night, and I was a pregnant woman taking a bath with a temperature equal to cold water. The fire alarm sounded inexplicably in the afternoon of the 9th, forced to leave the hotel, the fire alarm sounded again at 8 o 'clock in the evening, and now it is more than 9 o 'clock in the evening. ..

The hotel is exactly what the price says. The value is equal. The lobby bar and food are quaint and good and the best part of the facility. Beyond that the rooms are tired, the facility needs lots if tlc but at $129 a night it is on point.

Very clean & neat…Each n every corner was perfact…Stayed in many Marriott but this gotta be the top 1, will be back next year…

Deborah in the Lobby is a delight! Same with Leandra at the bar. Had a great experience here!

It's only about ten minutes from downtown so not bad if you have a car and don't care to pay the daily parking fees. The rooms were sizable. The sound of the hallway didn't travel much in our room mainly bc the air conditioner is ridiculously loud. For the price, I feel like they should be able to afford better toilet paper.

Riley checked us in and was so sweet and helpful.  Went to our room, and there was a very strong chemical smell.  We went right back downstairs, and Riley was able to refund us in full after getting approval.
Riley did a great job helping us!!

Bathrooms with a view.

The interior is really due for a make over.  Really needs to be brought up to date.  Flooring is stained or coming apart.

Room and bathroom were very clean.  The bathroom has one wall with a full window, there is a full shade to cover this if you are less adventurous.

The staff was extremely friendly, courteous, welcoming, and helpful.  Five star staff in a 2 star hotel.

Like others comments, it’s older than pictures. And clearly the staff at the front desk is the worst and rude. Don’t want to come back at all. Wish to report their Corporate

Old hotel now, very basic, ok ok facilities

I didn't read the reviews until I actually got here.  I saw everything from bed bugs talked about recently, to bad service, to rooms being half cleaned.

I did digital check-in and the electronic room key so I never experienced service at all.  I can only assume it is good enough based on everything else I saw.  Also, one of the reviews had a response from the hotel that stated they are in renovations.  I didn't see any signs of that at all, but maybe they are doing it in phases.  My room and floor, floor 5, have not been touched yet.

The pros.  My bed was comfortable, I had towels, soap, lights all worked, door locked, bathroom was otherwise usable and clean, and two water bottles were available.

The cons.  I may have been a little nit-picky on this stuff, but this was my first time in a Courtyard as I am switching to Marriott from Hilton due to the company I work for.

The hallway smelled quite stale that I was concerned for my room.  The smell of the room was fine.  I immediately notice my wall hvac unit was cracked and broken, but still seemed to work.  The curtains were closed so it was dark in my room.  Usually a cleaned room has curtains open and some lights on.  The TV is crooked.  The mount seems straight so my guess is someone messed with it and when seating it back caught a cable or something and now it sits funny.  It looks trashy.  At the desk below the TV there are no accessible outlets.  I did find one, at the full reach of my power supply and I had to move furniture to get to it.  This needs to get resolved for future business clients.  The desk seems to be part of the furniture set but they don't line up, and it looks like it was spare furniture - busted up on one corner, and the laminate was warping on another part, and the two pieces don't line up - just looks thrown together.  The corner of the carpet looks like it hasn't been vacuumed in a while.  The light switch for the over-desk lamp is actually behind the TV.  It took me a while to find it before going to bed.  The shower hot/cold water nozzle is marked backwards.  Hot is cold, and cold is hot.  I had it on hot for a while thinking it needed to warm up or something.  As I went to give up on a shower and turned it back towards cold I noticed it got hot.  A small detail, but I didn't have a floor towel.  Not sure if this property uses those, but not sure I have ever been in a hotel that didn't have one.  Seemed like an oversight.  I am 6'2", and the mirror in the bathroom wasn't tall enough.  I had to duck down and squat a little to mess with my hair in the morning.

All in all, I survived, but for my first experience at a Courtyard I am not impressed at all.  I won't have time to try the breakfast, but many of the reviews stated it may not even be set up, just depends on whether the person to does that shows up or feels like doing it.  I will peek when I go down.  I am ready to get out of here though.

Next Marriott I will try to avoid a Courtyard, unless this is just a property that needs some help.

Be careful. The parking lot is not monitored. Someone broke into my husband’s truck during the night. For that reason, we will not stay there again.

Not the best location.

The hotel is very old and run down. There’s remodel debris all over the floors. Showers are tiny, old and dirty. Highly don’t recommend staying here.

TV stopped working in middle of football game. Someone tried to fix it (taking up a lot of time). Moved to another room. In the morning the hair dryer handle was so sticky it was not usable, and they would not replace.  No breakfast as employees did not show up.  Manager said he would adjust our bill when we were ready to leave. He was gone when we checked out 15 min. later.

The pics and real life do not match. Rooms are small, ceilings are low. If you are tall don’t stay here. No free breakfast. Beds are not the best and make noise every move you make. Room 227 has bed bugs. I woke up with bites all over my arms, hands and shoulders. Not what I expect from a Marriott hotel. Tv is great though. Location great since right off the highway.

My team and I have been staying at this hotel off and on for the last 3 months. Numerous stays, numerous rooms, consistent experience every time. Moe goes above and beyond to make sure all of us have a great stay - we appreciate all that you do!! ||The hotel in itself is welcoming and the bistro makes figuring out what to eat and drink easy... if you're wanting to experience something outside of  the hotel, don't worry, it's located very central to anywhere you need/want to go in Austin. Definitely recommend staying here.

Unfriendly staff, random “fire drills,” and rooms with amenities that don’t function. When checking in, the guy at the front desk (I think his name was Sal?) was rude. We had a typo in the last name on our reservation by 1 letter, and when we gave him the confirmation number, he acted like we were stupid for the incorrect letter.
We got to our room and the TV did not work, so we called and got a new room. Second room, the AC did not work. When we called again, the same employee who checked us in sighed, exasperated, as if it was our fault their facilities are trashed (they also only have 1 functioning ice machine, btw, so clearly maintenance is not something they care about.)
Then, to top it all off, we were woken at 4:45 by a fire alarm. By the time we got downstairs, the front desk staff stated it was a false alarm and someone had pulled a fire alarm.
We finally got back to sleep and were woken again by the fire alarm at 5:45, at which point we packed and left, as it became clear we would not be getting any sort of rest for the rest of the night.

Worst hotel experience and service. Arrived at 4am and charged fee after calling in for reservation an hour earlier. Left at 6am after alarmed was pulled twice and asked for refund and they didn’t accountability and said they were not the ones pulling the alarm so couldn’t provide refund.

We definitely wanna appreciate Mo and his staff with all the accommodations they did for me and my family. The staff is amazing and they’re definitely ready to help you.

Rooms: I had to figure out the water knobs for the shower considering one was broken so I didn’t know if it was hot or cold or even on for that much. You could still see the stains from where a Matt was previously at. Another thing that caught me off guard was that there was no microwave.

Breakfast:  I’m just gonna go ahead and so grab breakfast outside the hotel. But they do have a Starbucks coffee was exceptional.

Overall we still were satisfied and genuinely it was because of the staff. So truly appreciate y’all. I know we will come back for sure.

-Water Tower

There were a couple of problems... first, the room had bathroom cleanser spilled all over the floor when we arrived. I called the front desk and someone came to clean it up within minutes. Secondly, our shower's cartridge must have hit it's limit as we had no hot water in the bath, only in the sink.  We had to take a cool sponge bath, but the manager was kind enough to give us a small discount. So, all in all, the people made it a great experience and the beds were very comfortable.

Loved everything about this place! Staff was great! Rooms were amazing! Was there to clear my head and get away from everything. Defiantly helped me do what I needed to do. So quiet and peaceful! Love this place

Nice place to stay while in Austin, good location next to the interstate.

A great location! Staff is awesome! The hotel was perfect for a weekend getaway. I’ll be back! Bistro had Starbucks which was a great way to start the day and not hassle with lines in other locations.

Not as expected as clean and welcoming.  Only two towels for stay of 4.  Paint coming out in bath.  Heating and cooling set to confined. Coffee machine was not clean.  No complimentary coffee at the breakfast bar.  Not staying next time at courtyard.

Older hotel. My room was very clean. Rooms have a "dorm" feeling.

The staff here is very kind and friendly.  The room was clean, the bed comfortable.  My favorite part was that they actually made up the room every day.  Made me feel right at home.

Stayed here for a week on a work trip. For some reason the Domain locations were not available at the government rate so whatever. This hotel is located convenient to work but there were a few issues. I didn’t make a big deal about it because the hotel seemed dated and I’d probably experience the same thing no matter what room. The bath and sink drained so slow. The bath had stains that were old from not being cleaned properly. The bed was hard as a rock and I’m sure the box spring was broken. The housekeeper is also lazy or not paying attention because my room was half clean and bed was half made. She didn’t replenish things either. It was an okay stay but I won’t be back.

Entry is difficult to see at night with lots of speeding traffic, missed it and had to loop around. Arrived late and parking lot dark and didn't feel very safe. I was not acknowledge by the clerk as a Bonvoy Gold member.
Got a room on 8th floor with highway noise and smells like vomit or wet dog.
Dated hotel that needs a refresh. The hallway smells bad and neither ice machines worked, had to get from bar.
Wouldn't stay here again or recommend.
I stay in Austin frequently and couldn't get a room in the city less than 500 per night so I picked this hotel instead.  Bad choice.
Room 824 stinks.

The service at this hotel is wonderful. Employees like Monroe and Temple made staying at the hotel worthwhile. The location of the hotel is close to many places if you have a car or choose to use Uber. There’s only a few places to eat within walking distance, but they have great food. I recommend staying at this hotel because of the great service and the amenities like the bistro.

Poor maintenance. Not even coffee in the lobby.

Rooms were extremely small.

The photos are nothing to what is reality. The windows haven’t been cleaned in a while. I don’t understand these reviews. My room was old and needed a reno. The bathroom wasn’t cleaned properly, there were stains on my table and hair on the floor. I was afraid of staying there for bed bugs.
I would not recommend.

Found a cockroach on my bed and all management did was give me a $60 discount. Absolutely do not stay here, horrible service and do not follow through on their promises.

Probably will not stay here again. There are no microwaves in the rooms. I struggled so much heating up my food since I had to go to the lobby every single time and there was always a line for one small microwave. The small microwave would take long to heat up the food since it is low wattage. The room has a tiny fridge. There are no plates, cups or utensils in the rooms either.

Stayed here for weekend one of ACL Festival and all I can say is the organization and communication of this hotel was trash. I brought my dogs along with me knowing I'd have to pay a fee, but got charged three separate charges, all different dollar amounts and nobody could explain the charges to me. We left a day early, without a refund and still felt I was being scammed for more. Still trying to figure out where $323 was being applied to my stay after having paid $500+ for 3 nights.

Had the best time at this lovely hotel for a Sunday Brunch catered by this wonderful woman, Temple. There was another young lady there that had blonde hair who worked for the hotel that was also super helpful and kind. You know who you are! Thank you again for taking care of me!   The set up was BEAUTIFUL and very professional.  Temples food was soooo delicious that I hurt myself to try everything from the Catfish to the Chicken and waffles.  Then went back for a plate of Eggs, bacon 🥓, grits and home fries.  😋
Everything was amazingly scrumptious! Thank you so much for a wonderful Sunday.

To Start our trip off no early checkins being honored at this location. This was a front end attendance decisions not a Marriott's decision. We watched as a family was checked in before us so we expected our early check in to honored. Our early check was for 11am, after a long trip from Pennsylvania we looked forward to settling into our Room which did not happen until after 2pm. To say the receptionist was rude would be an understatement. That was only the beginning of our poor service and rudeness that we would deal with for the next 4 days. When we arrived in our room we found that it lacked toilet paper and we had two towels and one hand towels.  The next morning we went down stairs to get fresh towel and were told they would deliver them when the room was cleaned. After a long day of visiting family and friends we returned to our room to see that it was not cleaned and there were no fresh towel. Again we contacted the front desk and were told the they clean the rooms every other day. Another trip to the front desk to get towels and again had to deal with there negative attitude and excuses about the hotel being completely booked. The following morning we went down stairs (8am) for breakfast and no one was working the bar or restaurant, we were told they had no idea when someone would be in the work the breakfast. Went our for the day (out 95 degree weather) and returned to room that was still not cleaned and had no free towels. Again to the main desk to deal with disrespect and when dealing with the manager received more excuses on why our room was not cleaned. They offer to give us 2000  point for our inconvenience (what a joke). The 3rd day they finally cleaned our room, but did not make the bed.  Came back the following day and there were no cups for the water, went I asked for two cups I was given an attitude. When we asked for a print out of our bill they refused to give us one until we checked out 4 hours later. WE WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN. Do to the poor service I question if we should stay Bonvoy (Marriott members). If this is the type of personal they are hiring we will not remain Marriott members!

We used the conference room for a birthday party, and had a really good experience. Ms. Temple was very helpful.
I also enjoyed the fried fish that was served. Highly recommend.

Came here for my birthday just to get away they made me feel at home an amazing experience i will stay here everytime i come to austin. Temple was an amazing cook and did well with making sure i was more than happy with my meal. Mo the manager made sure we were happy with everything amazing customer service.

Stayed here several days for work. They did one room clean and they didn’t leave any towels or washcloths! I’m down a pillow as well after the room service. Didn’t restock coffee. No coffee service in the morning available either. Think twice before paying to stay here.

So many improvements

My husband and I stayed here and had a good experience. What stood out most to us was the service we received from their chef, Temple. She was warm and welcoming. The breakfast she made for us both days was delicious. She is definitely an asset to this hotel!

Pet owners beware. They will charge a $150 non refundable fee for your pet. Travelocity/Marriott have no updated information. I notified Travelocity there was nothing they could do. Please go to another pet friendly property. Carpets are old, the ceiling is peeling off and stained tub had rust. We did not use the tub. They just got bought by another management team and they had a notice that they are doing cleaning and upgrades to the exterior. The location look unsafe. Graffiti and homeless near by. We were lucky nothing happened definitely happy to stay for one night only.

This hotel lies about the views, you will not be able to see the UT tower from their location. You will also be greeted by many homeless people near their location along with majority of the restaurants being closed near there. The staff that I dealt with were rude and lied. Save yourself from the experience I had and reserve a room elsewhere.

We booked TWO rooms in June at this location, one for me and my husband, and one for his brother. My brother in law wanted to upgrade his room to a king instead of 2 fulls, which resulted in his room we booked ahead being probably canceled, and not upgraded and then a cancellation fee was charged to our credit card on file that we gave during booking on the phone. We’ve been calling Marriott customer service & this location since we noticed it on our bank statement every week since our stay in June and have had nothing resolved. The AGM first said that we need to call customer support for a refund, so we did and Customer support said they can’t issue refunds and that we need to call the AGM again and the AGM would be handling the refund. It’s been a few weeks since speaking to him and we haven’t had any resolution. Every time we call he says he will look into it or he’s busy and will get back to us, which he hasn’t. It’s pretty cut and dry and shouldn’t be this hard to get refunded for a charge we didn’t authorize or deserve. They did a phone investigation to see if 3 rooms were accidentally booked with the booking agent when we initially called before the trip and it showed and proved that we only wanted 2 rooms, which we checked in for and stayed in! Why are we being charged a late cancellation fee when we didn’t cancel anything and stayed at this hotel? We stay at Marriott hotels when we travel, and my husband does also for work travel and is a loyal member. We choose Marriott on Walt Disney Property every year instead of using our Passholder Discount for Disney resorts. After this experience, we don’t want to stay at another Marriott owned hotel, until it’s resolved. We want our money back and not have this weighing on us anymore like it has every week since June! It’s caused so much stress for us.

I'm a Marriott Platinum member and have never had cause to post a negative review, but beware of this place.  My room was burglarized while I was out at dinner on August 23.  Hotel staff appeared genuinely concerned initially, but later I was told that based on a review of security camera's, that there was no record of anyone entering that room except for me, which is quite impossible.  Gut feeling is that the burglar had some help there internally at that Courtyard, or was actually employed there.  Regardless, I'm out a few thousand dollars worth of belongings.

Stayed here for a week with my work. Rooms are nice, pool was never open because they were cleaning the windows? But they were really sneaky. My boss did not put a credit card on file with the hotel because that’s not our company policy. So anytime me or any of my coworkers made a purchase at the café or bar, they would ask our room number and we would give it to them thinking it was no big deal. They then proceeded to charge anyone who bought anything from the store bar or Café $400 for a room hold. So multiple of my co workers cards got hit for $400 as a hold on the room. my card that I used at this hotel, is the card I only put my food per diem my work gives me on. So at any given time this card only has $150 on it, so it declined. It is now about two months later, and they are still attempting to hit my card for this amount despite the fact we’ve been long gone. They’re definitely embezzling at this location.

We stayed here a few weeks ago over night and I would not stay again. There was no hot water in the shower, I mean none. The only reason the water was warm is because it’s hot in Texas right now. Hardly any water pressure. We had an issue with the toilet, no one ever came to fix it so when I told the clerk she said you can use the restrooms in the lobby. No microwave, which is minor but they charge for breakfast so it would have been nice to be able to buy my own food. Parking lot very poorly lit and other people were complaining about no onsite security when we got there. Very outdated just not somewhere I would go again.

Rude Front Desk Attendant.

Our truck was stolen out of their parking lot with an active security guard on duty who stayed it was not his responsibility or problem the truck was stolen. Upon telling hotel staff a felony occurred on their property (firearm was stolen with said truck) they let us know this has happened a MULTITUDE of times over the last few weeks and they weren’t reporting it. They then stated it was not their problem since the parking lot is not their property- yet they employ a “security guard” to “patrol” it. This hotel is an absolute cluster and has absolute imbeciles in charge, not to mention criminals as they are aware of these crimes and not reporting them.

For the price you pay, this is a sort of run down place with really small rooms. It gets the job done, sure, but for the price, I’d go somewhere else that will at least offer complimentary breakfast.

The hotel is under renovation.   We were in a renovated room on the top floor and in the middle of the night water started dripping form the ceiling.  By morning there was an 8’ wide section of wet ceiling and floor.

Exelente

It was a good experience. Breakfast and service in the morning was on point.
But I could never find a front desk person after the several times I walked by.

In the evening, the person behind the bar was kinda rude and I didn’t get anything because of it.

Great view of downtown Austin. Compared to most of the immediate surrounding hotels, the staff here is way above par. They are friendly, super accommodating and attentive to your needs. They have to be to make up for a dated and somewhat problematic old building that's seen it's better days. The entrance to the hotel from the access road is very hard to see. Don't be surprised if you miss it the first time. Don't freak out though, just continue down the access road towards 51st Street and follow the signs for the U-turn loop and swing back around. The King Suite had a great, unique layout with very thoughtful and useful furniture that I enjoyed. The room did have it's problems though. The large size requires 2 air conditioners to keep it cool and only 1 worked in my room. The toilet ran constantly and no amount of 'handle jiggling' would solve the problem. I finally just took the lid off and left it on the floor. The curtains that cover the wall of windows are also old and have been rigged to not draw back all the way. Then there are the actual windows themselves ... they must be the original ones from when the place was 1st built. Filthy, dingy, dirty on the outside. It makes seeing downtown hard even on a clear sunny day. If you're just hunting for a nice place for the night you'll be fine but don't expect anything over the top.

Me encanto pero la alberca estaba cerrada

I had a great stay! The hotel is in a great location off IH 35 and E. 51st Street. What I also loved is the huge parking lot with ample parking space. My room was very comfortable and clean, no complaints. The room comes with a small refrigerator (but no microwave). Staff were attentive and professional.

What I would recommend is just finding another Hotel and never even thinking about stay at this hotel! I booked this hotel for 2 day for a business trip. And it was the worst decision I ever made. Where do I start with the complains.
1st, The enterance of the hotel lobby was old and outdated.
2nd, the elevator had chipped tilles and dirty floors . Just smelled bad.
3rd. Upon arrival of room floor, the hallways had no a/c and a musty smell. Disgusting looking dirty carpet and stained floors.
4th. None of the floor levels had a working ice machine, only signs telling you to go to next floor for ice . Only to find out that none of the floors have a working ice machine.
5th. Entering my room, you are hit with a strong mold, humid, mildew smell.
6th. Carpet was extremely disgusting and dirty like it had never been cleaned or vacuumed in a very long time.
7th. Bed sheets were stained with something on it. Not sure what it was.
8th. Mini refrigerator was not working at all.
9th. Ceiling had paint peeling off and carpet ripped in a corner
10th. bathroom floors had not been mopped or swiped in a very long time. Had hair from previous person.
11th. Basic board in the bathroom had dry stains of blood or something similar along the side the walls.

Overall, room was disgusting and not worth your hard earned money! This is just as bad a motel off the side of the road. Very disappointing that this a Marriott! This is not worth $100 a night or anything close to that a night. Better off renting a airbnb or staying somewhere else.

The staff at the hotel cannot be beat. The service they give is excellent.
My vehicle has been broken into 2 times at this facility in three months. It has cost me $2000 in deductibles and I was comped 4 nights to make up for it. If you have a nice vehicle do not drive it and park it here. Others don’t seem to be bothered. Security has been on site both times.

Philencia provided great customer service!

nice hotel, clean rooms, friendly staff, i would stay there again

Hotel in general seemed dirty. Beds are very firm and air was literally set to 61 when we walked in. That is beyond cold. We had to turn on the heat to get it to warm up faster.

Used mobile key on app and went straight to room. Room was clean. Room was spacious but bathroom a bit tight. Time on clock was wrong but atomic so couldn't adjust time. AC made a rattling noise, turned it off for night.

Only stayed to sleep so can't rate service or staff. Lobby was clean and tidy though, and had many places to lounge about.

Update:
Stayed again for a week. Floors 2-4 have hallways with views to first floor. Third's hallway has couches to accompany that view. Room was clean and had no issues.

Breakfast tacos in cafe were small sized but come with a substantial amount of eggs, bacon, and sausage that kept me full til lunch time. They're two for $10, but you can opt for $10 cafe coupons instead of points at check-in.

The WiFi signal was not that strong for my room at yhe end of the hallway. Also, the WiFi went down on my last day, but it should be fine by now.

The staff were professional, friendly, and helpful.

The room looked nice and cozy, but the A/C unit had a smell and the bathroom fan would not shut off. Reserved a King sized bed but got a smaller one which was also uncomfortable and one side was sunken in. Very creaky as well. Ice machine was not working, had to go to a different floor to get ice.

The parking location is great if you want to hide your car from the general public.

Amazing breakfast, even when everyone is hating it here i love it though! 🤲🏻

Poor hygiene and arrogant staff. Way below Marroit courtyard standards. Very disappointed. Hope this is the first and last negative experience with courtyard.  .

I am 20 yr Marriott titanium, I had a reservation for late arrival for my wife. Her flight was delayed, I called to update the hotel of this and was told “not to worry”. She arrives 45 minutes later to learn there are no rooms even though the room is guaranteed by Amex. They offered to find her another room at another Marriott covered by Marriott, then she was told the manager refused to cover the difference of $179 but she could wait while they looked for another option. She opted to wait since it was 3:30am in the morning. She explained she would pull her rental car near the front door to load her luggage and agreed to wait in the car. She fell asleep and when she woke and went back inside the hotel to check on the room the front desk representative was replaced and the new rep was unaware she was waiting in the car. They not only gave her reservation away after I called to inform them her flights were delayed, they still charged my Amex for the room. Treatment of a female or any guest of this nature is unsafe and absolutely unacceptable. Ms Potter should be ashamed of this poor business practice. This hotel is should be your last choice in the Austin area

We booked this hotel for our honeymoon. We had called and asked for some special accommodations which we were told is no issue….

Upon arriving, we were in a plain room that had dirty floors, a broken phone and broken AC.

Needing to take a shower, we found the water didn’t heat and the shower head did not work.

We called the front desk and they immediately gave us a new room.

The new room was the same as the first but at least the water worked.

Additionally, there were beer cans in the hall and the whole place is wildly outdated and dingy.

Lobby is beautiful if you’re into that.

It is a place to stay, don’t expect a lovely experience and definitely don’t spend the first night of you honeymoon here.

Very basic, outdated, and dirty. It looks so nice in the lobby and outdoors, but as you pass through the elevators you are magically transported to a 1990s roadside motel. I don’t want to be mean, but it’s just so disappointing.

Facility in the room is not very well maintained.  There is some smell at the hallway.  The lobby looks good though.  Not far from downtown and also has great view.  Great location to access I-35.

The exterior makes it look like an old school office building, but the interior has been remodeled to fit the usual Courtyard motif. The room was comfortable and provides all the usual amenities.

Pros:
-The proximity to downtown and the campus of UT-Austin.

Cons:
-It didn’t have a microwave. So, I was disappointed to waste some leftover takeout during my stay.
-The bathroom felt small and dated.
-The shower curtain was nearly a foot too long for the tub.
-The desk chair didn’t lift for us tall folks, so it was uncomfortable for my work, meals, etc.
-The sheets didn’t fit the bed.
-The rooms situated on one part of the second floor are close enough to the open atrium that you hear EVERYTHING in lobby all night, from people checking in to the bartender banging glasses to the lobby music.

Absolutely unmatched customer service. Ronald and Sharon at the front desk are both amazing and were so kind and helpful getting me checked in to my room. Ronald is very charismatic and provided amazing suggestions of best places to eat and things to do in Austin. Thanks for making this the easiest part of our travels!

Canceled on me the same night I was supposed to check in because they overbooked.

Excelente la limpieza, buen servicio .

I’ve stayed this hotel 30+ yrs on and off. It’s outdated and not perfect but that’s not my issue. My issue is the bait and switch room rates that swing $60 diff a day ! I hate to complain but I did and Marriot did nothing. Shady business practice

El peor hotel, además de que las instalaciones son viejas y no han renovado nada como desde los 90s, nos robaron, quebraron el vidrio del lado del copiloto y no había nada que robar, no dejamos nada electrónico, ni dinero, ni nada. Si eres extranjero, no te quedes aquí porque se fueron directo a nuestra camioneta por tener placas foráneas.

Hotel is definitely outdated.. worn carpet, musty smell. But that wasn't my issue.. From past reviews they seem to be shady in their business dealings.. Still, not my issue.. My issue was the lack of customer care in dealing with a billing issue. Won't write a novel on it but lets just say management was horrible. I spend about 200+ days a year in hotels.. This one will be marked off the list, maybe for Marriott altogether.

My stay was great..nice clean and quite..The employees  were customer friendly thank you keep up the good work.

Arriving at the hotel was a tight and small entry. The hotel was clean outside and in. Clerks were attentive with providing helpful information. Complimentary fresh water  and fruit were a nice welcome. My room was very accommodating and comfortable with a good view. The surrounding restaurants within walking distance were good to see. Con: A full breakfast menu or healthy options aren't available. DON'T PAY EXTRA FOR IT!! NOT WORTH IT....

Barfood was phenomenal! Rooms clean. Just a few minutes from downtown

Older hotel. Short shower heads, tub is flaking. Old bed. Has a really good seafood place outfront

Good hotel for the price. No complaints other than a loud sound coming from what sounded like the room next to me off and on. Like pipes banging. Didn’t overly bother me. Would stay again. Pretty clean.

Marriot cancelled my reservation the night before the stay. Called and spoke to a few peeps, no reason given. No answer to emails, called managers cell she just hung up on us. This was paid for months in advance and considering how all hotels were booked solid the night of the Bruce Springsteen show at the Moody it’s easy to figure out their strategy, bump out anyone who’s not staying for more than one night and raise rates. I did a quick look through online while on the phone with them and and saw the shadiness on their website, I guess this is how they roll. Keep this in mind if you’re traveling through Austin during a busy event.

Erica was so amazing and made my stay the best this far promote this woman she’s amazing 10/10 highly recommend 💯💯💯

Looking for my go-to hotel in Austin and this does not look to be it.  Per my company travel site, there is supposed to be a coffee maker in the room and there was not.  To see the time on the bedside clock, you have to turn on the lights with the switch next to the hall door, which turns on a room light.  The desk light switch is hidden by the TV unless you are in the right position to see it.  The ice machine on my floor was out of order.  Based on the condition of the out of order sign, it was not a recent occurrence.  I did not get the experience I expected from a Courtyard.

Great stay and enjoyed the breakfast at The Bistro! Check em' out!

It is decent but is ready for updating. Service is great. They reduced the bar hours, which was disappointing.

Run down needs repair, under staffed, stingy on everything from towels to shampoo to lobby amendments. Industrial location, nothing close by. Not what you expect from a Marriott.thr Fairfield nextdoor was a giant step up in service

I had a problem with my late check in. Mgr, 'Charles' was phoned by the night staff, he arrived to the hotel 20 minutes later... off his normal work hours, my problem was resolved immediately (5-stars!!!). Thank you, 'Charles'.

The room is another story... I travel frequently for work. This hotel is by far one of the worst. It's old and in need of upgrades, room was riddled with MOLD, toilet did not flush, AC did not cool my room, no bed headboards, and breakfast was mediocre at best. I will pass on this place next go around.

Charles and Thomas were wonderful; great customer care.
Due to an extended stay, we were in both a king and double queen room at separate times over a week... our only complaint was the quality of the beds (they are very soft) and that you have to go next door to the Fairfield Marriott for breakfast every day..but the breakfast is very good.

Checking in for my birthday weekend, this seemed to be one of the nicer hotels in the area from the photos online + the pricing was a bit more than surrounding hotels so I assumed this was due to the niceness. I understand weekend staff being a little less professional, but that isn’t my issue. The room itself seemed unclean when we got up there, used, dirty and just uninviting. The mattress had stains on it and the sheets were stripped?? The bathroom had active MOLD growing on the ceiling and there was an entire chunk of wood missing from the bannister above the curtains. the lobby is cute, but still dated & one of the walls of glass was shattered and boarded up. staff extremely unfriendly, didn’t even ask us how are stay was upon check out??? 10/10 do not recommend.

Rooms were not as advertised.

The hotel was AFFORDABLE.  The area is not that great but we only stayed one night.  The room was a bit old though - the walls were peeling, the bathroom toilet had STAINS, the bathtub was dirty too.  I can’t complain much because it was a cheap one night stay.

My reservation was canceled at the last minute because my cc card was locked prior to my arrival that evening. No one contacted me via phone call nor email to make me aware of the cancellation and I was stuck without a room. After speaking with the front desk mgr Ronald the next day he stated that my discounted rate was subject to being canceled because it was Formula One weekend and he could get 10x the rate for my room and was very rude about it. All I wanted was an apology for not contacting me before my reservation was canceled. What is the point of being a Titanium Elite Bonvoy member with Marriott they are only respectful of my reservation based on the rate amount.

Courtyard Marriott gets an F for being rude over the phone an another F. for not contacting me prior to canceling my reservation made on the Bonvoy app.

Nice views from the south side, nice cocktails and snack bar.

Excelente estadia

I travel for business 2-3 weeks a month and only stay at Marriott hotels. This hotel is dirty & run down. The elevators has gravity all over the walls and sounds like it’s about to break. The market area was not stocked and no water bottle for guest. Staff walks around in T-shirts and just look sloppy. Stay away from this hotel for business or vacation.

Would have given more stars as it was an overall fine experience for a business stay but had an incident with the bistro that left a really sour impression before we left. The staff that was apparently supposed to be working the bistro for breakfast didn’t show up for work that morning. The whole area looked totally open and many of us got in line waiting to place our orders. After waiting for a while, one of the people I was waiting with went up to ask if we could order there and that was when we were informed that there was no one working there. There was no sign put out or anything indicating we couldn’t order. The front desk staff seemed incredibly agitated about the situation and were very short with anyone asked them about it. I think we can all be understanding to staffing issues, but what really struck me was how the front desk team was responding to the situation. No empathy and really not doing much to solve the problem. Hope it gets better.

This is quite honestly the worst Courtyard I've stayed in. The location was the main reason for choosing this hotel and I expected better. I ended up having to swich rooms three times during my stay due to issues with each room.

First room: crack in the bathtub; neither tv service worked; found hairs on towels; phone did not working so I had to go downstairs to the front desk

Second room:  found two small roaches: one on the bed and one next to the bed; the A/C struggled to cool the room back down throughout the night and I tossed and turned in a sweat. Maintenance did come to check, stating there was no issue but it clearly needed some freon because it shouldn't have taken ~9hrs for the temp to lower 6 degrees. I was offered to be switched to a different room.

Third room: phone did not work; had a open, standing shower where literally water was all over most of the bathroom floor; the sink was sagging off the wall

At this point I figured this was the best I could get and stayed since it was my last night. This hotel is in need of some upgrades/renovations.

Okay hotel, but my vehicle was broken into. Asked management for video if possible they told me okay and waited 6 hours, and nothing. I left my number and email to let know what the  Surveillance said an still waiting thx.... The area has a lot people walking around so be careful and hide you stuff.

They clearly need to be staffed better. My check out experience took quite a bit longer than necessary! How do you have only 1 person working during a weekend in the late Summer that coordinates with Move in weekend at UT Austin when you're one of the hotels offering the rates for UT  Parents to stay at? This is extremely disappointing!

Convenient to visit family but hotel is showing its age.   Beds are comfy but Rooms could get a good deep cleaning.  Pool could be cleaned more offen.  Next visit we may be looking for a different place that is a little cleaner.

Smooth check in, clean rooms & nice bar downstairs.

Good location,  nice hotel, but beds do need a refresh. Ours had some worn out springs.

This hotel was clean, nice staff, the most important it was quiet peaceful relaxing.  I got plenty of rest.

Clean,  bartender on board, breakfast,  fresh  coffee! Fun times  after  the pool  family  together Ness. Lol:)

Great place to stay! Amazing customer service and accomodations!

This location is a bit dated but service was pleasant and the beds are super comfy, and if you get the right room u can get a great view of the city... will be back

This Hotel is hands down one of the coolest in Austin, our room door completely malfunctioned trapping 2 people inside and myself in the hallway, the maintenance guys had to bust through the door and break the lock free in order to get them out. We were able to thankfully just move over to the room that was next door. If you are fortunate enough to be placed on the south facing side of the hotel between floors 7-9 the views of down town Austin are Phenomenal

This courtyard customer service very mediocre. With platinum status I get only one breakfast coupon, unlike other Marriott. The rooms are ok. Their bistro is a waste ! No options and not managed well.But mainly the customer service is not up to the mark. Will not be staying here.

Room decent. Had to request an iron. No drain stop in the sink, and I subsequently lost a blade to my electric razor down the drain when I rinsed the blade. Room A/C struggled to lower temp in the room (hallway A/C clearly not working - had to be 90° in the hallway), shower/tub faucet broken, had trouble setting pressure and then turning off.

Really nice staff ; especially the housekeepers. Our housekeeper didnt mind just coming in to make our beds. The rooms are small.  We had a dbl queen room which had very little room to walk around and the bathroom was small. I have two  small complaints: I requested extra towels to be placed in the room prior to arrival which didn't happen and the swimming pool wasn't attended to frequently enough AEB trash (paper) leaves, bird feathers and bird poop floating in the water.... we simply cleaned it ourselves.

Staff is out of this world and Professional the 4 seasons

Nice place. Friendly staff.

The only property that has a great group of staff, every single one of them are exceptional and consistent role models as to what superior hospitality looks like! Very guest oriented, they look out for their guests and genuinely care about your well being. Always courteous, Kristen and Allegra are always very welcoming and go out of their way to be helpful. Such a good group of associates and I nominate this property for the diamond award 2022.

If you stay at courtyard university, you will be well taken care of and treated fairly...thank yall for being excellent and you are warmly appreciated.

- a Titanium member

This place needs updating. Old motel. No decent meals, no frills. Bar didn't even have tonic. Fairfield Inn is a better deal. We love Marriot but this Courtyard is quiet old. Not worth the $

Pretty nice accommodations clean room and pleasant staff

It's just fair and not a worthy place for the charge. The staff is very responsive and the place is peaceful. but the room is small and the bed and pillows are not comfortable and the air conditioner was fixed under the window on one side of the room due to which the air-conditioning was high at one side of the bed. The bathroom was clean and the room service and the other amenities was good.

Somewhat dated interior, but generous parking if you have a trailer in tow.

Room's awesome, front counter staff checking and out was amazing, but that woman(Hispanic) from the food area, needs a back be behind the scene role, no customer facing should she be granted, she was the worst encounter of my stay

Old hotel that’s cheap and has good service

The website we booked from had said complementary breakfast and there was no such thing. Ok room. Cool mini starbucks area downstairs. Overall average at best. Bed comforter feels unclean, weird setup of the bed.

I was there for a conference during the day time.

I pre-purchased a room for a colleague under his name at this location, and they charged my colleague for the exact same room.  I also received reports about uncleanly rooms and cockroaches in the bathroom. Do not stay at this location!! You have several other Courtyard Marriott locations to choose from in Austin.

Staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is dated but it is clean and comfortable. Only issue we had was the AC in our room did not work very well.

Very beautiful and comfortable

The room needs maintenance most of the plugs do not work, the water pressure is not enough, and the curtains have stains. On the other hand,  Brian at the front desk was super good...

Stayed three nights for Lone Star Round Up Car Show. Excellent staff. Location was perfect. Staff helped make a spot for my 1930 hot rod up front so it would be watched by night staff.

Room small, outllets broken, fridge didn't work also car broken into. Still Waiting on management to contact me back.

We were very disappointed and we had no way to rectify the situation because the hotel was sold out and we couldn’t switch rooms.  We stayed 5 days and 4 nights.   I didn’t expect a courtyard by Marriott to be like this one.  The gray carpet was very dirty and my socks got dirty in the room, my husband refused to take his shoes off.   The bathroom had a lot of rusty areas and patchwork from previous floods.  The toilet would barely flush. It kept filling up like it was going to overflow before it would slowly go down.    The hotel is large and was sold out, so a cold shower is probably my fault for not getting up earlier.    The most annoying thing was our key cards kept deactivating each day.   When we came back after a long day we old have to go back down and have them reactivate our room keys.  Oddly, there were many people with that same problem at the front desk.  I needed a room with a bathtub but we were given a shower only room.
We did like the large windows that also went into the bathroom. It made the room seem larger.

I've never had a bad stay in a Marriott. Here's why I love staying at a Marriott property:

The. Most. Comfortable. Beds.

This particular location was perfectly suited to my needs because of its proximity to the final location of a film shoot. Everything was easy and comfortable.

Old dark and dirty. Will not be coming back.

Great place and location to stay

I don’t think I’ve ever had issues anywhere but here. The lady in the front did no let us check in when we arrived Two hours early as our rooms were not ready.  What bothered us was that she was rude to us for no reason.  We noticed how her demeanor changed with other guests that arrived she was friendly and polite to them and allowed for them to check in. I don’t know what I could’ve done to get the hostility she gave us, but anyways we just waited outside until our check in time at 3p since we figured that the people she was checking in maybe didn’t have the same rooms as us.  Thinking this made us feel better I guess. The only other thing also was that my room did not have a microwave and I was ready to go with my popcorn and all. But anyways, no other issues aside from this.

Room satisfactory.... but never have I experienced with Marriott such unhelpful front desk staff.  Totally dismissive of any request. Housekeeping left dirty food plates in room and when I asked for pickup they said I have to request housekeeping before 3:00 ... even if you don't return form business until 5:00?  Funny part was when is suggested that I didn't get back till 5:00 she said then I should have called. There was another incidence of a request for assistance ...totally unhelpful.

They could have done a better job at making us feel welcome and valued.

Dirty sheets and walls, needs a revamp. The service is good though.

The queen bed in our room was broken and extremely uncomfortable. The hotel staff was of no help to us. I am still trying to speak with management about this situation. This was the worst experience we’ve ever had and we travel often for stock shows and vacations. We’ll never stay here again.

I had a good experience with the staff during check in process, which went very smoothly.
Rooms are spacious and beds confortable. Cleanliness is ok and some of the room facilities may need some renewal but they aren’t too bad either. 
If you are on travel with family, the location of the hotel is great and you can reach downtown in couple of minutes and other main roads are easily accessible

Loved it. Double beds were soft and roomy. Good lighting and plenty of mirrors. They don't block off the underside of the bed. Not sure what that indicates as far as quality but it's saying something.

I’m sleeping one night on spring break. Bed bugs bites all over my body. Worst customer service

I stayed in room 315 at this Courtyard and noticed most things in the room were in disrepair. Both window AC units were old and disgusting but barely worked. The tub in the bathroom had chipped pieces missing from the bottom and was dirty. Only one TV in the suite worked. All of the drawers in the room were crooked and broken. I needed a set of sheets for the fold out couch and called the front desk for them. They told me to come down and pick them up. As soon as I got down there the person working the desk had no idea what I was talking about and told me housekeeping would bring sheets to the room. This never happened. When I went back down to get them the sheets were located right behind the front desk in the office. This hotel is charging 3-star prices for a Motel 6 experience.

Nice hotel. Centrally located to all parts of Austin. Staff was great too!

This is a great hotel by Univ of Texas.  Kristi/Kristen (sorry it is has been a couple of days and I forget) at the front desk was fantastic.  I called ahead for check in arrangements and special request as well as need to modify my stay and she took care of everything like a pro with a smile.  This is the way service should be and Marriot management should be pleased Kristi set the bar.  See you again, JC

UPDATE BELOW: Stay away. We are not especially fussy but this is an embarrassment to Marriott. Must say: the people are very nice and are trying. For real. But the room layout is ridiculous. The bath tub drips; both tv's don't work; the A/C a/c units blow freezing air even when you shut them off so the engineer guy had to simply unplug the one with the bent dirty frame. There is no counter top space in the bathroom and the "headboard " are two foam strips shoved into too-small pillow cases. Horrible. Horrible.
I MUST update. After this first night submission (above), the hotel reacted. Turns out there have been some management changes and challenges and there were already senior management personnel from out of town working on this place. They reacted extremely well, with grace. Genuinely concerned and they did everything possible to make it right. They moved us to a new room where everything worked as one would expect in a hotel of this type. I was able to discuss with interim onsite management and her senior. Then a gentlemen whom I believe to be her senior contacted me proactively, after we were resettled to check and follow up. They even extended us a Starbucks gift card, unsolicited.  Updated bottom line: this is a 3-star hotel in a dated facility but importantly, it is run by FIVE-STAR people. So with good planning and awareness of the circumstances, you can do fine here.

This hotel is in a poor state and doesn’t meet my expectations of a Marriott hotel and prices.  
Some examples:
- included breakfast doesn’t deserve the name breakfast. Less choice with lots of sugar such as cereals or muffin with milk or coffee. 
- the ceiling in the “restaurant” is in a very bad condition. Probably there was a water leakage in the past. 
- the curtains had different lengths and it was impossible to complete close these due to curtain rail damage.
- the television was misaligned 
- after using the ironing board it was impossible to fold it back and place it back in the closet. 
- there is only one set of dumbell weights available in the gym.

Building is in poor state, water leakages are visible, the elevator looks like it is coming apart, building is noisy.

Breakfast is poor, very limited choice and mostly unhealthy options are served.

If you are looking for a good variety of restaurants on walking distance, don't go here.

Staff is friendly.

This hotel should be removed from Marriott list

Blood stains on pillow sheet indicating that sheets were not changed between guest stays.

The hotel simply felt old and tired. Curtains were broken, bathroom had no rack in the shower and there was mold growing on the tiles. As soon as I turned on the shower I could smell it.  Sofa was stained quite a bit.

The room was clean and staff very friendly. However, the hot water for the shower never got hot enough. It was warm.

Hotel is old, needs upkeep.  Bad area of town.  Over priced.  Worst grab and go breakfast ever.

This was the most disappointing attempt at hospitality that I have ever seen.  We arrived after midnight with a reservation for a suite only to be told our room had been given to someone else but we could cancel at that point.  We had no other arrangements and they gave us a key to a lesser room only to find it already occupied.  Then they moved those people and tried to suggest we stay in the dirty room they had been using for who knows how long.  Front desk manager was rude, not helpful and not what I would expect at Marriott.  Horrible treatment, horrible experience.  No excuse other than you can just cancel and get a refunds.  Thanks for sending us out to find another hotel after 1am.

Feels very old cheap hotel. Room did not had drinking water. Shower did not have shampoo. May be i had more expectations with Marriott from my past stays at other properties.

I wish I could share my experience of the hotel but I wasn't able to stay here due to the fact that they do not take cash. I mean since when has cash money not been good? Really really let me down and the only place that did take cash was not such a great experience and it makes me want to run back home to San Antonio.

Hotel is clean and looks to be updated some time in the past few years, however the old still shows through. The shower in our room had it shower head at about the perfect height for someone 5' 5". I'm 5' 11" and I had to bend over quite a bit to rinse my hair. 

There was also some minor fit issues with some of the furniture but that did not affect our stay. 

WIFI (top floor, enhanced WIFI) was spotting and struggled at times.

I would stay again but am slightly disappointed with the quality for the price.

Nice room, comfortable bed, weak breakfast. Granola and oranges, even toast and bagels would be just as easy and much more appealing options. Just plan on eating breakfast somewhere else. The price was reasonable even if they had said no breakfast, so I’m not really disappointed i that. We just had to change our schedule that morning to get breakfast somewhere else after we thought we were going to eat there.

I'm left wondering "would a hook in this postage stamp bathroom really break Marriott?"  Also be very careful turning around in the universe's smallest bathtub while showering.

BEWARE! My husband was driving across the country with our belongings and made a stop at this Courtyard by Marriott hotel. He specifically asked the front desk attendant about the security and safety of the area, which was very important to us as he had quite a bit of stuff in our vehicle as he was moving our family across the US. She told him they had guards, security cameras and things would be safe.  Well when he woke up early to get back on the road our truck had been vandalized and broken into. They broke into the cab of the truck as well as the camper shell we had on the back. Thousands of dollars of baseball gear, clothing, DIAPERS, golf clubs, etc were stolen from our vehicle. In the grand scheme of what is happening in the world, this is an inconvenience. We did all the right things. He parked under the light, near the front where the "guard" would be. The Courtyard employees were of little help. BEWARE! If you decide to stay here YOU ARE TAKING A RISK!

The hotel general condition and up keep were way below the expectations one has of a Marriot Hotel.

See first box.

I did not like my stay at this hotel, the worse Marriott experience I have ever had!

No maid service, no communication, no food nor explanation as to why. The place was dirty

There were not enough rooms for our party, even though we made the reservations weeks in advance. The desk clerks explanation was, "We are sold out." The hotel itself is old, run down and in need of some TLC. Do yourself a favor, and don't stay here.

Don’t bother coming to this hotel. The employees will screw your reservation up!

I absolutely love the stay staff and everything is just perfect ♡

Es un buen lugar para pasar cómodamente unos días en Austin, y a un buen precio

It’s decent. The parking lot is somewhat dark, and the entrance to the property is easy to miss. The place is relatively clean though and the rooms are pretty nice.

The hotel was great, I feel that the front desk associate that checked me and could have been far better trained.

Front desk staff provided excellent and friendly service.  Maintenance failed to fix tub drainage issue which allowed water to back up during showers.  Hot water was inconsistent during showers which was not ideal.  Rooms are aging but very clean.  Basic amenities besides lotion are provided but aren’t of high quality.  Meeting space was useful and adequate. Location is good and a short drive to many Austin attractions.

Rooms are good. But breakfast sucks. Nothing is out and u have to pay for a free breakfast and pay for coffee.

Great views and location is perfect!

no breakfast, no dinner, no food, no bar

Great stay. The only this is the location is hidden behind a restaurant sign.

There was a creepy weird guy in the lobby when we arrived.  The floor and room we were assigned smelled of mildew.  When I later mentioned the mildew to the desk clerk while calling about the in-room movies not playing, she said no one had complained before. Yet the smell was unmistakable. The TV issue was never resolved because the clerk directed us to the wrong engineer and it was getting too late to worry with any more. The AC fan was loud and all AC controls were unresponsive, so the fan ran all night long, making sleep on the uncomfortable, thinly blanketed bed very difficult. We will not return to a Courtyard Marriott, and will be much more careful selecting hotels in the future.

Great place to spend the night. Friendly staff. Wonderful beds. We slept good.

Check in was a total breeze.  Everything was nice all employees were pleasant and accommodating

Good and friendly service. WiFi could use upgrade but overall nice hotel.

Very warm and welcoming staff! Checked us in super late night and the beds are super comfortable. Definitely recommend!

Very clean.

My stay was very unpleasant and I would never stay at that location again.

< My Trip was suddenly planned and I didn't excepted that I will get a room in here. Outside view allowed me to connect the nature. Inside view rich and mesmerizing. Rooms were clean, Maintenance available al the time. Over all it was excellent.

I was very disappointed with the hotel - it should certainly NOT be a category 5 Marriott! The cleanliness of the hotel was awful, dirty bathrooms, old carpet, stained sheets, clogged sinks, and more. I will not stay there again and recommend you look for a better option as well.

Great customer service,  room was very nice and beds are comfortable.  The only thing is they need to have a better breakfast bar. Overall I do recommend this hotel

Awesome experience at this hotel. They accommodated our family with small children and had a pack and play available and were were able to do a late checkout clear into the afternoon. Very friendly staff. Very impressed.

I enjoyed my stay at the courtyard hotel very friendly staff Kristen and Jordan . Nice a clean no problem at all . If I travel again to Texas I will be staying again in this hotel . Highly recommend thank you .

Older Hotel that needs renovation in some areas..carpet smells funny in the room I had and at least two lights didn't work. However I slept well...nice bed and staff were nice.

The staff was friendly. Clean spacious rooms. Kinda close to the highway so you might hear cars honking or sirens if you’re on that side of the building

The staying was good but the installations are old and the breakfast was not good

Fabulous
We definitely have plans to stay there again Bre at the front desk was exceptionally wonderful best I’ve ever had in the world and I’ve traveled the world

Great location...friendly staff!  our go-to place to stay when in town to visiit family.

Outstanding customer service...

room is nice. clean.  barista was great. 
checkin staff at desk at 11pm was not very helpful when asked to look up an item.  Not happy to see at 8am a shirtless man apparently high on meth tweaked out pacing/bouncing back and forth in the back parking lot where I parked my denali.  Austin is tent city.  just look up for a pretty skyline view- the mayor apparently likes tents  everywhere.

Ask for top floor city view. Windows needed cleaning. Nice place, close to city but with safe parking

It's old and it feels and look old.

First off hotel room was clean, however toilet seat was completely broken off and not attached, hot water did not work and there was a couple of huge vomit piles in the hall wall leading to our rooms that were there for a day. Disgusting and we won’t go back.

Wish the rooms had better lighting, it was dark. Doors don’t completely close be sure they do. Another couple noted the same thing about the door when we were there.

The room was not very clean. Staff did mot let us know our room was not going to be cleaned. we paid the same rate and we did NOT get all the services. Very poor quality mattress.

Gross room, bed had a spring coming through the mattress. Room smelled like mold. Area was sketchy.

I would not recommend this hotel. I could’ve stayed at a holiday inn for the experience I had.

If you’re looking for an affordable spot with courteous staff, look no further.

Pay more to stay else where , not up to Marriot standards.

Good

The bed was sinking in the middle, the hallway carpet really needs some good shampoo, at least on the floor that we were, an empty potato chip bag and an empty fountain drink was still on the hallway by 9 AM

Clean hotel and good location. 
Kind staff also

A fun day at Texas Longhorns football. And the front desk was very pleasant and gracious
Thank you for your hospitality

As stated previously this hotel has not been maintained or updated. Marriott should be ashamed the state this hotel is in. Please update this hotel- we selected this location because it is near a funeral home as we attended services for a family.  I understand the location is not great but entering the hotel should be a great experience regardless of the location.  Entering any Marriott should ALWAYS be a spa like experience.

The front desk supervisor was very helpful and accommodating, bed was SUPER comfy.

The staff are friendly the hotel is quiet but the location is horrible it literally sits in a triangle between three major roads.

LOVED THE FRONT DESK GIRL. Excellent  service

Location is shady, rooms are tiny. Sofa/seat had stains which gives a terrible impression. 

Toilet drain ran all night.

I would not recommend staying here.  24 others and myself were all in different rooms.  They smell moldy and mildewed, and we’re told pipes has busted in the February freeze.  

This is a health concern and will be reported.

When we walked into our room, we thought there were dead bugs on the ground, but turns out they were old dried up french fries that looked like they had been there for months. The hallway on our floor didn't get vacuumed once our entire stay. We stayed 5 nights and there was confetti, dirt and debris in the hallway that didn't move all week. 
Very disappointing for this location to not be up to Marriott standards. We are very understanding that everyone is short staffed, but we saw the housekeeper changing over rooms throughout our stay and not once was the common area cleaned. We would not recommend nor will we be staying here if we visit Austin again.

The hotel seems a little run down.  Hard to find the turn in to the parking lot.  The air conditioner was really loud and there were lots of slamming doors all night.

Great hotel, just slow down for the entrance, its hidden and the only way to the property. Miss it and you'll be stuck in traffic for a while circling back around.

Nice hotel....but ice machine did not work on our floor..no microwave in the room even though the space was there .. refrigerator did not keep items cold..sink when running would fill with water and black items floated up in to the sink

I am disappointed and offended that the hotel front desk representative talked to me the way he did over the phone and when I came downstairs to talk to him about it he told me “we don’t need you here”. I will not return.

I give this hotel 1-star rating because of the value!! Rooms are decent but they are not worth $134 I paid per night (in my opinion). The free breakfast they have in the morning is a disgrace too!! how is the la Quinta / best western gonna have a better free breakfast for cheaper??😭😭 that was pretty disappointing! Unless you’re getting this room for a steal I wouldn’t recommend. Wayyy over priced

Great place to stay for the night

We needed to stay in Austin for a medical procedure that was being done for our daughter early next morning. A little hard to get to but great hotel. We didn't see a microwave in the room, since my daughter wanted to heat up her lunch from earlier in the day. We would stay here again. side note* Does Marriott not give out a care package to their members anymore? (water, snacks, etc)

While there were a few things that changed our schedule so we sought out a room at the Courtyard Marriott during Labor Day weekend. We were upgraded to a King Suite on the top floor where we had a beautiful view of the city of Downtown Austin skyline. Although we only stayed for a few days, the accommodations and features in this room was top tier. We were located 10 mins from Downtown and The Domain so super central to all things to do. I would definitely book with Courtyard during my next vacation stay where ever that may be.

Very friendly staff and great service

Location is OK, staffs were nice, cleanliness was good in room and common areas. 
Pool was not that clean though, needed some improvement.

Improvements also needed in Gym,  breakfast and other food offerings, and highly needed in laundry section, washer and dryers are age old and do not work as expected.

It's at a great location near the University, staff was very friendly and the place is very clean. There is near by places you can drive to and grab dinner.

Older hotel. Seemed out of date and dusty.

Prime Location, great staff.

We stayed there during UT's move in weekend.  Place was close to campus, close to the self storage units and close to the Uhaul place.  Staff was friendly too.  Super convenient.

I would visit again for my next stay in Austin university area

Capital Plaza buzzing, lobby is off the chain.Front desk is great.

Housekeeping didn’t remember/care to come back an hour later after I had left the room for the day, mold in the ceiling, film on window hindered view, hallways were warm and humid.

Hotel con facil acceso , estacionamiento buenas instalaciones, limpio y se descansa como en casa

Pool was very dirty but the rooms were great

Overall our stay at the hotel that's nice the staff was exceptional and very informational

This place is disgusting they lie i had a service dog they charge me 100 n kept my deposit lieing saying my little puppy was barking when it was a lie dont recommend this place even if the last place to stay they lie about everything the room are k but the lie to keep my money i was always skeptical of staying there they will do anything to keep you money they lie on another Friend of minds that’s why i was skeptical but i made the reservation through express deal that’s why I couldn’t cancel I definitely see this place is garbage i spoke with the manager before i left she said i refund u a day after check out next day i recieve a email saying they wont refund me for nothing to show the type of person that manager is dont have no word total trash she needs the money i guess dont stay there

Clean, safe place to stay during covid pandemic.

I was locked out of my room for several hours due to a malfunction in my locking mechanism on my door. After a long day of traveling it is disheartening to know that you can’t go to sleep because of an error that couldn’t be repaired in a timely manner. Sincerely very dissatisfied customer.

Nice and friendly staff.  Room was very clean with furnishings.  Good selection of about 50 cable channels eg  espn,  comedy central, plus locals

Great reception by front desk and down hill thereafter. Tv nor phone worked  in the room. AC ran but room remained muggy, never comfortable during 3 day stay. Ice machine on floor was broken. Tub in bathroom has rust around the drain and stains.
After the TV was fixed it had terrible sound, but that’s true in most marriott properties, unfortunately.

Came to Austin for one night and expected more from a Marriot hotel. Tub water came out brown when turned on therefor didn't shower, stains on sheets so didn't feel comfortable sleeping and I let front know but they didn't respond. I was charged extra after checkout. Will not be staying here again surprised this place is still open.

They refused to let us check in because we did not have a debit card from a major or local bank. We have a debit card with money on it issued by Banccorp, member FDIC, but they would not take it because the lady at the front desk has not head of Banccorp. There is plenty of money on the card. We also offered to put up a cash deposit, which was also refused.

Very little amenities. Wifi is not secured. 1 washer and 1 dryer that are coin operated. Would not recommend if staying more than 2 nights.

Unkept room, old carpet, bathroom old and unkept. In general, we won’t stay at this one anymore

we had to shower while out feet was flooded with water because the drain was clogged

Hotel staff is great. Hotel rooms need updating .

For the price you’re paying, it’s hard to beat what this Courtyard offers.

This hotel isn't that nice.  The bathroom wasn't clean, and the room's air conditioner was stuck on high and cold.  Don't stay there.

This hotel is in need a serious face lift.  The carpet is so old and stained, water dripping from lobby ceiling.  The restaurant was not open beyond coffee in the morning.  The bed was nice and the bedding was sufficient, albeit not much bedding.  It was a pretty bare bones Courtyard that could use quite a bit of updating.

Great location minutes away from everything front desk receptionist was warm and inviting my room was very comfortable the grounds as well as halls were very well kept

Having stayed at this hotel on two prior occasions, we can say it is a gem that COVID tarnished. 

The staff is great, but they can't make up for issues like broken A/Cs (when it's over 90 degrees outside), which maintenance never came to fix; broken appliances (coffee maker and refrigerator);  and unbearable odors. We had to switch rooms four times over these, and other problems. The room we ended up in also had problems, like unsightly mold in the exposed bathroom plumbing.

Again, the front desk workers were wonderful and credited one of our nights. Still, we'll avoid this property in the future. 

Note about the refrigerator: If access to a refrigerator is part of why you're choosing this property, please note that we had consistent problems with ours. We ended up using a cooler we brought for a lake party to keep our drinks cold.

Note about the gym: There are two treadmills, bench with a couple of dumbbells, and not much else. I realized it would be better to do light exercise in my room.

A quaint, beautifully decorated stay with charming staff and neatly tucked away near the university.

Very convenient location. The staff was very friendly and eager to assist. I felt like it was home away from home

The staff is outstanding and the property is just as spot on as any other Marriott Courtyard out there. The property is a little bit older but has been maintained perfectly and I stay here regularly and can note no difference in this review than any of my other stays here. Always a great experience. Clean, nice layout of hotel/rooms (size), great central of Austin location adjacent to IH 35 which takes you everyplace in ATX.

Great Customer Service!!!!!!!

Ladies at the front desk were AWESOME. daily check-ins and awesome customer service were perks of my trip!

The desk clerks are rude day and night shift

Had a great overnight stay. The front desk attendant was awesome, bed was super- comfy and coffee service in the morning was great.

If you’re a heavy sleeper this place is for you.

After arriving to a scam reservation on Airbnb,12 hours in a car total- 6 sitting in HEB parking lot waiting for Airbnb to relocate us, no resolution in sight $600.00 tied up in refund 3-5 days, we took a chance at Marriott Courtyard. We found our guardian angel. They gave us the last room and at checkout Maria (manager) comped our stay. This my friends is one Stand up Manager- 100 🌟

Check-in process: quick and easy.
Area: dry and not much to do around. 
Hotel: outdated and the room was SMALL. Popcorn ceilings. AC wouldn’t get any cooler past 75 degrees Fahrenheit but it was very hot and humid out. Parts were dusty and looked like they hadn’t been cleaned. Coffee maker looked filthy. Sink and bathtub in the room were awkwardly low as well. Spend the extra money and go stay downtown or near Zilker Park!

The room was clean and check in was super easy!! Staff was ultra friendly!!…The Internet TV features didn’t work and there were exposed electrical wires above the desk, but those didn’t bother me.

Very nice ,clean and with restaurants in the area.

Nice staff, dated amenities, noisy A/C, centrally located

The room with the hide-a-bed couch is spectacular and spacious! Makes you feel like you're in a small apartment

Very clean! Room was a little dark but loved the restroom lighting and curtains in the room. The ac was a little hot over the night. Other than that very clean and wonderful stay!

The lack of cleanliness and hot water in the bathroom make for an unpleasant experience.

The property is not well kept and amenities are not available.

Loudest stay I have ever experienced at a hotel (In/out of country combined and everything between cost effective motel to 4-star resorts). I was actually surprised to be dissatisfied in our stay.  Even ear plugs startled us awake multiple times from both neighbors banging walls, loud bickering,  and barking dog. Also slamming doors across the hall.  Sounded like there was way to many people in a single room.

I would hesitate staying here until repairs can be finished. Bistro is closed and they have a good amount of water damage that needs focused on. Due to that, the rooms may suffer a bit. Staff is good though and you do not need to worry about that. Bistro was nice, but since it's shut down, this hotel doesn't offer more than any other for the price.

Nice hotel in good location with friendly staff.

Great hotel convenient store next door is suspect but that has nothing to do with them great place to stay

nice enough location and presence

I was put in a room overlooking the pool, which was empty, when I checked in.  The two nights I stayed, however, there were so many loud people using the pool deck (not in the pool), just sitting and jabbering so loudly that seven stories up I could not sleep.  It was just awful.  The management did nothing about it, and I would never stay in this facility again.

clean space

This property needs leadership, updates and better practices.

I normally choose Marriott hotels for the great service, quality, and cleanliness. While the room was clean, for the most part, the quality was very poor and the service was average.  As a Gold Elite member I am accustomed to a warm reception including a goodie-bag....I could see a table full of them behind the check in desk but one was not offered.

Then our room had a lot of issues - we had just come in from the NASCAR event on Friday and were hot, sunburned and sweaty from the afternoon.  I usually expect a hair dryer at the room and so I didn’t pack one. I was disappointed that after my shower there was an empty hair dryer bag hanging from the bathroom door. My hair was completely dry by the time they finally brought me one. In the meantime, we discovered that the floor around the air-conditioning was completely soaked. Then we had to call again to the front desk to get maintenance to fix the air conditioning. They came in and had to completely disassemble it making the room quite hot and then after they fixed it they wanted to set up a loud fan in the room to dry the floor.  We were not offered another room but rooms were available. One of the  maintenance workers left a knife in the room.

The following day we came back to the room after being back at the race in the morning and getting soaking wet and we couldn’t get into the room (desperately needing a hot shower and rest room). The door lock battery had died. The first couple of maintenance workers couldn’t get the battery recharged....it seemed like an eternity before they finally got the door opened.  

After that, I asked to change rooms. The front desk complied but we didn’t get any recompense for our troubles.

One other little frustration was the lack of coffee in the morning. We were up at 6 am on Sunday and it would have been nice to have in the lobby. It was set up later in the morning when we left around 6:30 am.

expected more from a Courtyard by Marriott. Dingy hotel, chairs and bathroom need a complete overhaul. Benefit is that it is close to the UT campus but disappointed in the rooms.

This Courtyard is extremely dated and in need of a serious facelift. Carpet on our floor looked like it wasn’t vacuumed for days as it had ceiling chips on the floor. No extra toilet paper or toiletries in the room. The vent for the A/C that pushed the air away from the bed was broken. Tub/shower had stains. I have stayed at other Courtyard’s before and have had a much better experience than I did here.

Please Update the Facility. It’s very outdated. Staff was great.

I had a excellent stay ! Great would stay again

Very clean,  nice rooms for a good price.  Check in was easy and check out want until 12pm. We're planning a family trip back down to Austin and we will stay here again.

Staff and room were excellent until we discovered the room hadn't been thoroughly cleaned. The discovery of a precious guest's clothing on the floor indicates corners being cut and the cleaning staff basically just changing sheets and towels. It was gross seeing someone else's pants and having no idea about what might be lingering on them.

The worst nights sleep I’ve gotten at a hotel. Letting people blast music and scream and dance and shake the walls all night is ridiculous.

The room overall was like any other Courtyard Marriott, though being situated right on the highway it was rather noisy, except between 1-5 AM. There was stubble around the bathroom sink, tub and in a number of towels. There seemed to be a piece missing from the coffee maker, so the tray you slide in didn’t fit. I ended up holding the tray while the hot water dripped through to make a cup—since there is no food or beverage service in the hotel at this time due to Covid.

Not a great hotel experiences, the first room we were assigned had terrible stains all over the mattress skirt. We got moved to a second one and before we even managed to open our bags a maintenance guy was knocking on our door trying to check out a TV we hadn't even touched. Some friends took us in to save us, but we were still charged a full night (which is fair). The front desk person was really nice and tried the best she could, but this place is a mess, and there are so many better options nearby.

Maddie at the front desk is so sweet and attentive, she made our experience amazing. Great hotel and great price. :)

Major issue upon arriving with the cleanliness of my room. However Sabrina and Mara immediately handled the situation. They were so kind, sweet and accommodating.  I will stay here again because of these two ladies.   It’s hard to find this kind of customer service.

I was pleasantly surprised.  The staff was absolutely wonderful and friendly. Clean rooms. Due to COVID no breakfast or bar accommodations.  I will definitely be back.

I had a quick business meeting in Austin and checked out of another hotel. This location was right and time and exceeded my expectations.

Hotel was very nice. The location is pretty sketchy.

Overall good however group arrived at hotel to check in was told no rooms were ready and to come back. Left to go to tournament . Rooms were not ready until after 3:00 PM . 
Out of all rooms booked only 1 had issue with Ants. Called front desk they were not able to spray because we were already checked in and so they wiped up the ants with cleaner and reduced $ off our rate ..

Attentive and cute associates at front desk. Everything splendidly clean.

Our stay was wonderful.  However, the water was hard to get warm.  Other than that, everything was great.

Enjoyed my stay,  nice hotel, excellent staff and reasonable cost

Great place to stay and great location.

I hate to leave bad reviews, but felt required due to the truly poor state of the hotel.  Do not stay unless you have no other option.

The hotel is dirty and dated.

Everyone went the extra mile to make sure we were comfortable while staying here.

The room seemed a little dated with finishes an restroom finishes but, it wasn't bad.

Not good at all😬

Nice enough room. All amenities closed due to covid ( could be limited capacity at your own risk at this point). Advertising breakfast but only offered coffee, not even tea. Could easily offer packaged snacks, yogurt, etc.

The hotel appears to be in transition.  As of March 2021 it is mostly occupied by extended stay workers who are there to repair the damage from the February storm.  There is much garbage and food packaging debris in the parking lot.  Overloaded garbage cans.  Dirty elevator floor. Lots of people loitering in the parking lot. Carpet that needs vacuuming everywhere in the common areas and hallways.  Hotel rooms with X's taped on the doors. Market area needs restocking.  Sanitizer dispensers need batteries.  Pool was not available due to repair needed.  Exercise room not available due to flooding damage.    Bistro not open.  No breakfast options.  No microwave in hotel room.  Mobile key never worked.  
Hotel appears to be more interested in catering to the extended stay folks right now than the business traveler or families.  I would stay at another property until that changes.  Hotel is not getting the care and upkeep it needs - and it shows. 
Room appeared clean enough although the bathroom floor could use a good scrub.  Disappointed as a Platinum Elite Member I was not given a room on the Downtown Austin view side.  Would have cost nothing to take care of a PE guest and would have gone a long way.  I had a view of the freeway and a motel parking lot.   
On a bright side, staff was very apologetic about all the hotel shortcomings.  Mara was warm and friendly and checked on me often via text to make sure I was enjoying my stay.  She was great about offering food suggestions and answered all my questions with a smile.

Staff was quite nice and making the best of situation during pandemic.

Facilities run-down.

Expect a 2 star hotel experience and you won't be disappointed. Friendly and helpful staff is the highlight of the property. Drip coffee only, no Bistro operating even though local restaurants have indoor dining. Room cleanliness is marginal. It is an older property that is in need of a renovation, not just finishes but mechanical systems: Water saving shower and toilets don't work well; popcorn ceilings are discolored, room furnishings are functional but older.  Guests of the hotel were primarily blue collar construction workers and friendly. Did not experience noise from guests, freeway, etc.

Do not stay here. Pay whatever extra money it would be to stay someone else.

This hotel seems like it is barely holding on. The pool was green. The rooms have x’s on the doors. No daily maid service. No good service. But they wanted our money. I won’t be staying here again.

I was staying at this place and there is a whole bunch of other guest, so this place was packed. The worse thing the parking lot doesnt have lights and there is not a security on site. Some one try to brake into my truxk nd cut rhe lock out of my trailer bad place to park.

Cold shower.  Breakfast bar was shut down.  Charged the wrong card when company pre paid

amazing views!

Absolutely loved my stay here! All staff were amazing, the room was way beyond my expectations,  loved it

My first impression of this hotel was not a good one. The location is not great. As I turned into the hotel parking lot the first thing I saw was graffiti. Then as I walked into the front entrance the carpet was very stained. That was throughout the hotel. If it had not been so late at night when I checked in, I would have found another hotel.
They were doing construction which is not a problem for me but new carpeting should be added to the list. 

The staff was ok but not great. The room was ok. Cleaning crew came into my room without knocking. 

I love Marriott hotels but this one was not it.

Great location. Affordable. Will stay again

DO NOT STAY HERE AT ANY PRICE UNLESS YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT YOUR SAFETY!!

My wife and daughter booked a room here for tonight, but after only an hour, they felt so unsafe that they booked a room at Residence Inn in Austin.  The hotel was over-run by young men who were loitering in the lobby, hallways, parking lot, etc.  They leered at my wife and daughter, commented on their appearance, followed them into the elevator and to the parking lot.

When she spoke with the manager.  He could not have cared less.  She told him that she felt unsafe and wanted to check-out.  He didn't care and would NOT provide a refund for a room that she didn't even use.

Staff was really rude at my check in. No customer service at all and information given. I asked for some extra amenities (previously with the app) and the woman at the front desk was questioning my ask...
At the room, tv didn’t worked, blinds were broken, so in the morning, light filters in. 
There’s no breakfast or coffee at the hotel. 
A really disappointing stay!

Pésimo servicio, las cajeras son mal educadas, no hay limpieza, no recogen la basura de los pasillos, poca iluminación en las habitaciones...
En fin no lo recomiendo

Terrible service, the cashiers are rude, there is no cleaning, they do not collect garbage from the corridors, poor lighting in the rooms .... Anyway I don't recommend it

Very disappointed, not the value we expected,  king suite was not what we expected. Dark rooms uncomfortable sofas.

Hotel needs renovation or slight touch up.  Overall a great stay.  Lighting in the room.....they need more.

Mara and Sarah at the front desk were exceptional.  Their focus on 110% customer service exceeded most of not all Marriot properties as I travel extensively.

Easy on and off the main freeway to downtown and away from convention area / downtown area craziness.  

Plenty of parking. Service was key and I will return.

No hot water, no happy hour, Fox News was blocked ! Move to competition for 3 nights. Same price for a suite had hot water, happy hour , breakfast and Fox News worked ! 
At Marriott Republicans not welcome!

Well this is not a very nice hotel and under renovation or repair. It is very dated and has an odor that appears to be covered up, or attempted to be, by deodorizer.

This would be a 1/2 rating if it was not for the staff who were very nice and accommodating.

This location is great. Very warm and welcoming and staff is quick to take care of you. I went after the snowstorm, so there was still a boil water notice, but they gave us water bottles to brush our teeth with. So thoughtful! That was a great idea. 

Definitely reccomend this location!

Meh, there is free parking.  The pool isn't super exciting and there is not a hot tub there.  The meeting space looks like max 100 people classroom style.  The deco is modern and crisp.  Not much to walk to to get a bottle of wine.  What I loved is that they offered some some sundries to help make my stay more pleasant.  I say Meh because I am an event planner and have stayed at some very lux locations.  At the time of visiting they were renovating the upper and lower floors.

Sarah at the front desk is great. Very friendly staff and nice rooms.

The bed was very un leveled and we were not warned about there not being water at the hotel

Nice

Can not accept cash for market! No breakfast available and no customer service qualities!

Clean and comfortable rooms.  Friendly and helpful staff.

Clean, comfortable, great staff

We stayed there last night. The staff was really nice and the hotel appears to be clean.

Very private comfortable stay

Hotel and staff were great during our stay. Great option just 10 minutes outside of downtown where there is no cost for parking

Great customer service!

Good hotel with friendly workers

Great prompt service.  They have hallway security observers to ensure quiet peaceful environment and order in each floor.  Rooms are as expected with a Marriott with clean well maintained rooms.  Comfortable beds.

Rizwan the manager and the whole team are awesome.  First courtyard I have stayed in a long time that had super friendly staff.

Our shower was not working properly and maintenance came up right away 2min. max and couldn't be fixed quickly so right away gave us keys to next room to shower and comped breakfast and even points back to our account.  Great service, VERY friendly and most attentive to all guests and ALL our needs.

There are better hotels nearer UT.

Need to brighten the area up

We needed an area that could accommodate a 12ft trailer in the parking lot and hopefully be close to downtown where we moved our daughter. We found this location and are so glad we did. The staff are friendly and the property is well maintained. The food services are top notch. There are several other properties closer in to where we will visit, but we will likely continue to visit this one as it is well worth the short drive from downtown area and very comfortable. Hats off to the staff!

I would like to take this opportunity to appreciate the front desk staff. Mara and Camryn were both welcoming and helpful during our stay. My wife and I had a weekend getaway without the kids and we enjoyed our visit. Mara provided us with information on what was going on in Austin and Camryn came by our room with a snack cart. Both had smiles on their faces the whole time. The next morning we had breakfast at the bistro and enjoyed the Starbucks coffee. Camryn even said she would bring the coffee to our room! Now that's VIP treatment!

Great place! The staff was friendly and courteous and welcomed me every time I walked into the hotel.

Room was nice but computer didn't work

Nice rooms and services

Stay was excellent.   GM at this location is very involved with interacting with guest.  Front desk Sabrina was great

Rizwan not only takes care of his customers but also takes care of his staff.  I have witnessed him, on multiple occasions, compliment his staff for a job well done.  That type of staff care goes a long way when customers see how the staff is treated. Take care of your people and your people will take care of you!

Poor management service. Defensive reactions to questions. 8 of 9 ice machines broken.

Totally satisfied and pleasantly surprised to find this hidden gem for a recent trip to Austin.

The tall woman who works the night shift is incredibly rude. I'm not sure how she has a job in this industry... Will not be staying here again!

The service was great! Staff was very friendly and courteous! I could tell that this property had its regulars! They seemed to be known by the staff and manager! This speaks very well! I also started feeling under the weather and I asked for tea, and I was brought 2 tea bags of each variety! It was great! It definitely helped comfort me!

This is a great value property.  While older, between the staff and the attention to detail, clean and comfortable rooms makes it great for those in on business.   BTW, while 35 traffic is horrid, taking airport dr to red river got me to campus and the capital with ease.

You guys have amazing team at this property from the FOM down to the agents hands down one of the best I've ever experienced James, Geoff, Sabrina & Zolema are amazing assets to your property! Thank you for all of your hospitality this weekend!

Watched the superbowl there it was good

A model of customer service. We were there for a Sylvan Learning conference and many of the participants talked how awesome they were treated by all the staff. They asked continuously if you were happy and what they could do to make your stay better and then delivered above your request.

Great location, clean rooms, great amenities.

A wonderful experience with courteous staff!

Older hotel, very friendly staff.

For those of you coming into the area and traveling this is a nice place to stop at. Generally there's no crime in that area I haven't heard anything bad come out of the area I have been to that area quite a few timesa lot of places to eat around there's a Walmart in a Lowe's literally across the street and then the mall really depends on you why listen to me??

Ask for Colton or Morgan at the bar. They will take care of you.

Hotels are getting a little out of control these days. Like airlines, charging for every little thing they can: WiFi, parking, water. This hotel didn’t do any of that and was marked at a reasonable price for its location and proximity to downtown and it’s comfort and clean rooms. Great place to stay for a business trip or fun weekend at Atx.

Pleasant service and atmosphere.

Front desk is professional. Check in is quick. Close to UT and downtown. The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable.

Nice hotel stay, clean rooms, comfy beds, lots of parking, good location for my needs, and 5 stars for kind customer service. Stricken by terrible cold/allergies during my stay, up all night dealing with it, and went to lobby at 2am to buy some cough medicine from their little convenience store. They had what I needed, and when the gal at the desk saw my state, she went out of her way to send me back up to my room with not just my medicine, but also a cup of hot tea with honey. Total lifesaver. Thank you, Melissa!

The manager, Mara went above and beyond and made our stay very pleasant! She definitely knows how to take care of customers.

Me gusta el salón donde nos reunimos cada lunes (immunotec)

Room are clean. Staff is friendly and courteous.

This hotel is a hidden gem in the Austin area. The staff is fantastic and the hotel does not charge for parking.

The staff was incredible. The hotel, old, outdated and run down.

The stay and staff was horrible

The hotel was nice.  The staff was excellent they were always friendly and helpful

Pretty facility, easy parking, friendly staff. Will stay again

Old hotel that is being re-modeled. Overall it’s a good value for the location.

This Hotel was a great choice for the brief stop we had in Austin.

Nice place to stay and nice location to downtown.

Love staying here, great rooms and location

Night manager,  amazing customer service, attitude positive, made me the early riser feel at home.   Great experience

Had to evacuate our room on a false alarm in the middle of the night (3:45 a.m.).  Lobby attendant thought it was funny.

A sub-par experience from maintenance to housekeeping.

The room really wasn't anything special but the staff was very friendly and helpful.

It's ok, but I was annoyed by the hair in my linens, and then the strong cigarette smell on my new room.

The front desk staff was very friendly and accommodating upon check in and the property/rooms are newer and more updated than other Courtyard properties I have stayed at. The redemption rates were good here so I feel I got good value for my points. Location is good if visiting the university or attending a football game -less than 10 minutes drive from DKR and UT.

This place has an amazing staff the minute I walked in to check in a young man greeted me with a great smile and was willing to help in any which way he could ask how was our drive there, etc..that’s customer service.!!Also the cleaning staff was great our room was always super nice and neat when we get back from events I would recommend this hotel to anyone they need to stay near the university only one fall back make sure you’re in the lookout for the little driveway that gets you to the hotel but other than that it is a great  place. Hook’em Horns!!!

It was cold the day I landed in Austin and my flight was delayed. When I got to the hotel I was met with warmth. I checked in and met my fellow travelers to have a drink and snacks.  (I may have brought the cold air with me from Chicago.)

Did not know where was construction on the floor below us until 8:45am and woke up to jack hammering and drilling.  No warning on the website or app.

I feel over the past year the separation of Marriotts are not that great.  The service is still great, but not a fan of the pressure to rate the service as great. The rooms I feel or becoming a lower quality then what I'm used to.

Great staff. Very helpful

Was dated. Desk light didn't work. Very small gym

very clean and freindly, disappointed there is no microwave in room, food is experience, shower curtains are too low

The room had a strange smell, but other then that the people were very helpful and friendly. The guy behind the bar was cool. To cold to swim and they have a dinner and breakfast...

Excellent staff

可もなく不可もない

I was bummed that the hotel did not serve a hot breakfast like other hotels. You had to buy it. The staff was wonderful. I will definitely be coming back.

Great experience overall.  The bistro could be improved.

The hotel staff is great. They really care about guests.

I stayed at this hotel for almost week & received amazing service. Gabriel was at the front desk for a majority of the time I stayed at the hotel. His personality was great, he greeted with a smile, & was genuine. He was also super helpful with any questions or concerns we had.

The rooms were spacious, big tv, & a mini fridge.

On top of Gabriel’s excellent service. Erin was sweet as well. Very helpful & made sure we were taken care of. The little details & effort made by Erin & Gabriel made my stay. The staff overall was great. Will definitely be coming back next time I’m in Austin.

The manager was great! I'm not happy they didn't mention they were going to put a $40 hold on my credit card. Which is not a big deal, but I missed places my card and I thought a stranger was using it!

Great place and friendly staff.  My room was huge!!!

1. They had a Starbucks in the lobby which is nice
2. The rooms have no lights on the roof :(
3. The mirrors are super clean!!
4. The weather was too cold to swim in the pool, but it looks very clean!

Room was nice enough but there was a musty smell to the room, when i got home and unpacked my clothes smelled musty . I didnt know that there wasn't room service at this location, highly inconvenient.

We stayed at the Courtyard Austin-University due to a family emergency.  I read the reviews online and that was why I chose them.  Our check-in was quick and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  The rooms are neat and clean.  I would recommend them to anyone staying in Austin.

Rude customer service.

Customer service was great & food was great

No microwave, the lights weren’t working in room ,  Hispanic lady in charge downstairs has poor customer service skills and poor management skills  . Made me feel unwelcome and like I don’t belong here . I asked to go back up for my phone and she bugged me about my I’d when I just left my phone upstairs and just checked out !!!! If I could give no star I would . When I came in the bar was close. My worst experience ever at the Marriott !!!! I will never come back here I’ll rather stat at the drury inn or best western than stay here . The Hispanic lady made my experience worse . The night guy had great customer service even tho the bar was close .

This is one of the friendliest hotels I have ever stayed at......A-1 experience.....

2150 Market Centet Blvd. Dallas. Texas

Hotel elevators were dirty first thing in the morning. Did not meet the expectations for a Marriott.

Needs renovation.  Carpet is old, ac unit rattles, and they sneak hidden fees in on your credit card and manager refuses to call back.  NEVER again.

The hotel exterior and interior are old (under renovation at the time of review). But, people are super friendly

The staff alone makes this hotel worth the stay.  At first it may seem out of the way but if you pass up this hotel you are missing a true gem.  Great seafood restaurant close by and also the IHOP is around the corner.
Do yourself a favor and enjoy this hotel.  We Did.

Good location, but not as nice as other Marriott properties.

We came in for a UT football game. The hotel is central to many restaurants and a super easy Über or Lyft to the stadium.

The hotel needs to update their bathrooms and AC Unit. Provide free water! Offer more areas to lounge in the lobby. Provide more food services like room service and buffet, especially since it's far from downtown!

Their attitude and odd treatment for Titanium guests won't happen  again.   We will stay where our loyalty is appreciated.  Room not so clean, but no bugs.

Wonderful

Nice place; items are expensive at the Bistro - but understandable.

Awesome hotel...Exceeded all expectations..

Our air conditioner went out at our house, so when we got there it was stressful. But after a pleasant check in & comfortable room... everything was all better. Thank you.

Place is nice and elegant, modern and sleek. Stayed there only for 8 hrs , so didn't have much interaction with the staff other than to learn that breakfast was not complimentary (quite unlike other Marriott hotels I've stayed in before ).

Not up to a Marriott standards. 
Rude desk manager. Bad customer service skills, lack of training, unprofessional.  
Elevators are filthy not cleaned regularly. Carpet near elevators is filthy. Trash near elevators not emptied.
Front desk staff very rude upon arrival, had an issue with computers and did not know how to handle the situation and speak to the customer while working through the issue. Acted like we were bothering her for showing up. It is clear that this location is lacking leadership.

Excelentes atenciones

Stay away. - Not up to a Marriott standards. Rude manager. Bad customer service skills, lack of training, unprofessional.  Elevators are filthy not cleaned regularly. Carpet near elevators is filthy. Front desk staff very rude upon arrival, had an issue with computers and did not know how to handle the situation and speak to the customer while working through the issue. Acted like we were bothering her for showing up. It is clear that this location is lacking leadership.

First off I’d like to address all of the bad reviews on google ! If you gave this place a bad review you obviously grew up with a gold spoon in your mouths ! This place is really amazing , the staff , the Management, the presentation and most of all the customer service is second to none . The room is so clean , the bed is perfect , I spent all day at the pool and it was very very therapeutic and relaxing. The manager went above and beyond to make sure my day here was amazing , and any questions I had for the other amazing staff members was answered with love and kindness . I honestly can’t believe someone could give this place a bad review , you need to look in a mirror and ask yourself “ why am I a horrible person  “ !! 5 ⭐️’s for this hotel . Amazing !

Mr. Gabriel is amazing he is so patient and really helped me with my issue. They should hire more people like him. He is a perfect example of what I look for in hotel staff.

Typically I love staying a Courtyard's, but this one needs updating and improving staffing and support in the "bistro." The pictures online are quite amazing in how they make it look so big, as it is really small and there are not many options within walking distance so it was very busy on my mid-week stay. The staff were trying their best to meet the needs, but they clearly needed at least one other person working and the bar and restaurant was not properly stocked as they were "out of" the first 3 things I tried to order and they had to go get multiple bottles of liquor while I was there to meet guests needs. The room was clean, but the bathroom was very outdated and small.

Friendly staff. Extremely quiet

I was travelling military on orders, was turned away and refused service because my significant other was not 21+. We had to find a different hotel in the middle of the night after driving all day, and the receptionist Jade was incredibly rude and unsympathetic. Unbelievable.

This is very nice location. I had very comfortable stay at Austin.

Not sure what this hotel was originally but it isn’t one of the standard Courtyards. No complaints with cleanliness but the AC was old and a little noisy and the blackout blinds had a gap. 
With that said, the desk clerk went out of his way to hold a room away from the freeway for me—I arrived in the morning for off site meetings. There was no issue leaving my car there pre-check in and when I got back in the evening they had me in the farthest room from the freeway. I’d stay here again, but would appreciate a remodel.

We stay here for swim meets for our kids and this place has terrible crowd. The restaurants near by are terrible also. Don’t pick this location if you plan to stay with family. They will welcome you like it’s was your free stay, and will not get to sleep because of loud drunk people in hallway. They will also not give you late checkout even if you have statues multiple nights and times or have not had good stay there due to bad noice.

Everything was great. The room was comfortable and clean and the staff was very nice and welcoming. I can’t imagine staying anywhere else when I come back to Austin!

This poor hotel needs some work done. Cleaning staff need to be reviewed, hotel needs a facelift and some refreshed carpet or flooring.

The rooms have a horrible smell

The night desk clerk was very helpful and courteous

Overall stay was good. Gym was open 24 hrs, so if you are suffering from jet lag, you can head down here! Comfortable bed and few choices of pillows available. Location situated opposite Target supermarket, its convenient!

Nice hotel and great location!

Love love LOVE THIS HOTEL! It is awesome! Cassi was an awesome hostess! I will definitely be back! I love the fact that you have Netflix on the TVs this is definitely an upgrade!!! 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾 Favorite hotel ever!!

Great location. The rooms are okay.

Rusted place. Literally, with rust on hinges. Staff tries to make up for the state of the facility, but it's a struggle. If you are not really slow and alert, on a fast moving frontage, you will miss the entrance. They have done well to hide it with no boards or arrows.

Nice place, good service but the location is a little difficult to get to.

The room was nice and accommodating, the bar and eating area is modern and up to date.  The pool was smaller than I thought it would have been.

All hotels are way over priced just to have a convenient place to sleep

This place is in bad shape ...when we arrived at the hotel the lady at the desk was very abrupt and not welcoming. The Everything that the picture shows is X10 the opposite will never stay here again.

I stayed at this hotel at least 10 times in the past 5 years and they've always been very courteous and accommodating. One of their front desk guys ( Gabriel) went above and beyond for us today!

Im a very liberal reviewer but here goes . I checked in at about 7:15PM July12. This is constructive criticism for the management to make note of.

1) Property was decent. I Liked the room. Very comfortable . Nice TV. But this is the hospitality and service industry. So, here goes.

2) I was told by front desk, during check-in, that breakfast was until 9:30. I specifically asked if it was until bit later on weekends and i was told:No, its only until 9:30. Next day, i came running downstairs just at 9:15(cos i sleep in late) and sure enough, it was until 10.  That is huge because i could have slept in anither 30 min.

3) Next, i wanted to buy toothpaste. They did not have any free samples and neither did they have any to purchase. The lady who was also at the front desk that night (July 12 past midnight) was like "whatever". No effort to really say, oh sorry, we dont have any samples or anything to buy etc. She didnt really see any reason to be nice.

Not impressive at all for it being a MARRIOT.

Management must def step up their game and adopt checklists for inventory of much needed items and have enough stock in front desk or in their stash wherever it is.
And front desk should def know that breakfast is until 10AM weekends. Lol Comeon.

These are very basic things that need attention.

Otherwise, property, room and bed was good. This is constructive criticism for the management to make note of.

staff is friendly, rooms are clean, billing and reservations is concerning.

Worst experience with a Marriot ever.  Billed me for an extra room, and when I called to get it corrected, they were rude and inattentive.

front desk staff/night auditor extremely rude + unprofessional

very nice

I didn't like the location, but for the price the hotel was clean, staff were great, food was excellent.  We just had breakfast but it was excellent.  Good thing, we didn't have to pay the outrageous parking fees that you pay in the downtown area.  The domain with all its shops and restaurants is not far from this hotel.  I was pleasantly surprised as I usually stay downtown but most of the hotels were booked.

Terrible service for a longtime member! No upgrade, phone didn’t work, tv out 2 different nights, I had to call downstairs using my cell - they sent someone up but it’s not pleasant to have a strange man in your room when you are alone. I was offered points after numerous calls to complain but I still don’t have them posted. This is the worst Marriott I’ve ever stayed at! I also don’t have my points for using green choice- probably because they don’t check the online services when I said at least 3 times to not clean my room. I had to call downstairs several times regarding how I choose the points under green choice and to issue those points. They do not check or answer the chat either- so frustrating! This is my 2nd time to stay at this hotel and I’m not impressed.

I hate to be leaving this review on a Marriott brand hotel, since they are one of my favorites in the industry. The bathroom in my room had peeling wallpaper and mold growing from underneath. To make matters worse, there was pubic hair on the bathroom walls. Additionally, there was a stain on the couch (which I truly hope was toothpaste and not body fluids). Patron noise was also a nuisance at 3am, especially since I had to be up extremely early to catch a 5am flight. Unfortunately, I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone.

The stay was ok but sone amenities were not upto expectations

Ambassador amenities are basic. The food at the restaurant for dinner and breakfast made me I'll. AC control needs improvement.

Nice hotel clean, staff was friendly.  Bathroom needs updating but other than that a nice stay.

this hotel is great! staff is friendly and courteous. the rooms are clean. great with the large group of people that were with us.

Great place for our group to get together. The hotel was very responsive to our special needs. The staff was excellent.

Not the best experience please keep the outside clean.  Especially around pool

Muy limpio y acogedor, muy buen servicio en general

Not very good. too many motorcycle groups on the property. made one feel intimated.

the place was convenient for its location but the bathroom was not up to par for yur name brand

Cassi and Christopher #DreamTeam
Couldn't ask for better people to work with

Very Comfortable Hotel to stay. The rooms are clean and comfy. The hotel is cozy and has beautiful interiors. I enjoyed the stay.

Very nice hotel. It was very clean and everything worked. Plus, there is a bar that stays open until 10. Friendly and accomadating service as well. To top it off, if you like sea food, it is next door to Captain Benny's.

Every year for my niece birthday we come to this hotel. Every year this team never ceases to amaze my family.

Great location very GOOD customer service.

Nice staff

was a cheaper place to stay but very out of the way if you have to conduct business downtown. Hotel and room were very out of date, especially the bathroom. Poor lighting in the room. Very friendly staff at the check in desk

Hotel was clean and everyone was eager to help.

Great location, easy access off and on I-35.

Often come to this hotel and the hotel staff is superb . Friendsly and helpful. The pool is always crystal clean . The rooms are White glove flawless.

We stayed in a suite and it was perfect.

They certainly need work on the cleanliness in their hall ways. Service is good. Nice and professional Staff.

This property is amazing in every aspect. The rooms are spacious and smell wonderful. The staff is accommodating and goes above & beyond especially Jorge. He exceeded my every need and I had a special request that was delicate not a problem for him. You can’t go wrong staying here it is worth every penny & more. I will stay here every time I’m in Austin. Thank you Jorge.

Small room, matress was good, they didn't have microwave and the freezer unit didn't get cold enough to preserve food inside. The room was clean and have recycling bin which was nice. The ice machine on the hall was broken.

Friendly staff. Well maintained, comfortable beds, quiet rooms

Room was clean. Customer service was great.

If I had 3 thumbs, this location and staff would get all 3 thumbs up.

I had a great stay in Courtyard Austin-University Area Marriot Hotel

Would leave 0 stars if I could.  Booked and paid for this hotel on Expedia.  Upon checking in, I was asked for a credit card for incidentals.  After I checked out, I noticed I had been charged by the hotel even though I had already paid for it in full via Expedia.  After a half a dozen phone calls over a week and a half period, including acknowledgements on their part that they had made a mistake, the charge was STILL not reversed, and I had to end up disputing the charge through my credit card.  Horrible, horrible service.  You would think when a mistake is made they would try to correct it or at least give a call back.  Definitely do not recommend.

I wish you could give more than 5 starts! The staff was all extremely helpful & hospitable, the room was clean, and the location ideal. What a wonderful stay!

Pretty good except for the fact that it was old, and quite smelly. Staff was nice and helpful

Buen servicio
Buena estancia

Works, comfortable. But dated

Perfect Job! Easy breezy stay!

The lobby is beautiful but the rooms are ok, the beds are super uncomfortable and every time you moved you could hear the frame and strings. The hallways and rooms have also have a very strong damp smell.

Hotel is great, staff is very nice and helpful,  but its not close to any restaurants or stores or actually anything you can walk to. No shuttle to nearby area. A car is a must.

From the moment I parked the car to leaving my experience was great.  There was ample parking.  As soon as you walk in you or greeted very courteous and respectable.  I checked in and went to my room.  The room was spacious and clean.  The bed was so comfortable.  There was a work out room.  The internet wasn't the best but I could deal with it.  I ate at the restaurant which was clean and the food was good.  They give you a lot for the price you pay.  I had an overall great experience.

I enjoyed my stay. The service was great and the room was comfortable and met my needs. The price wasn’t bad for 2 people/2 night stay.

besides my TV not working, it was a great stay

Employees are friendly, courteous and helpful. the bartender who takes care of the happy hour is my new friend he makes a great mixed drink friendly and enjoyable to converse with. Chris is good people. Your hotel is nice. Really nice. The rooms are clean,modern,spacious and well stocked with a fridge and microwave. This is my new favorite hotel and the staff make a compelling reason to travel to Austin frequently.

If it wasn’t for good service, I might not recommend this hotel. It is noisy inside with loud doors slamming and people’s loid voices echoing. The location is right off the 35, which is convenient...but it’s not truly in the University district as the name suggests. The rooms are fine basically. Don’t expect an amazing bed and shower. The lobby bistro is also fine for breakfast of Starbucks coffee, pastries and a limited menu.
The staff went above and beyond to help us when we didn’t know the bistro closed at 9:30am and also when we needed a late checkout due to a late flight.

The Courtyard was the kind of place that my wife and I truly needed. We went as a get away and to relax. The room was very clean and welcome. The bed was comfortable and provided both us a restful night. We look forward to coming back soon.

Rooms were overpriced. Outside appearance wasn’t great. Staff was competent but that’s about all I can say. No breakfast or coffee other than the (as I’ve already stated) overpriced bistro in the lobby. Will not stay here again.

Austin is very expensive. Thought that this hotel brand would be nice and not too far away from  UT.  Area sketchy. Decent Mexican restaurant next door though.  Anyway you have to make a reservation for a parking spot. Weird. No problems, just drab hotel in sketchy area of town. Expected more from Marriott.  People not overly friendly either. Disappointing. Will not be back.   Breakfast closed at 9:30.      Pool looked dirty.

Hotel was fairly clean and the rooms were ok. Outside has definitely seen better days. They didn’t serve breakfast or coffee but instead would push you to buy from their breakfast bar. I’m sorry but if I just paid $160 for a room, I’m not paying $15 for your breakfast.

Great staff that were pleasant. Lots of new personnel that need more training. Customers need answers to plan their next morning or day. Need breakfast menu displayed. Did not know about the dinner discount until comparing notes with other colleagues. Was not properly informed during check in.

Oversold hotel. We had to drive  somewhere else after making reservations 2 weeks earlier

I called in the morning to verify the reservation and that we were checking in late and they over-booked.  Very disappointing since I put the effort into verifying it.

Needs upgrades compared to other Courtyards.

My husband and I checked out and realized a few hours later we left a pair of shoes and a hat in the room. I called and was told housekeeping would call me back. Housekeeping did not call me back and I called again, the gentleman put me on hold said he talked with housekeeping and our items were not there. I know our items were there as they weren’t in our luggage. So, that means the housekeeping team kept them and didn’t turn them into lost and found.

The room was clean and kept that way. The desk staff was very friendly and responsive.

We checked in late at night and the front desk was very kind and helpful. The room was very clean. The downstairs area has a small workout room, an office area for you to use to print/fax etc, and a nice lounge/resturaunt area. The views are very pretty and the price was reasonable. I would stay here again.

Was given a handicapped room next to the elevator.  Light broke and when they fixed it, it wouldn’t  shut off.  Bathroom smelled of sewage and they never cleaned it while i was there over 6 days.  Just replaced the towels and made the bed

Black mold, dried blood on the sheets and stale smelling sheets along with my friends being treated poorly which may have been a dash of racism would not return

The stay for the most part was fine. The room was small and dark. The issue started when we forgot two coats in the closet. We spoke with Christian the Manager and Victoria a superviser to have the coats mailed to our house in Dallas. The both explained how there wasn’t much they could do to return the coats to us. I asked the to send the coats to our house in Dallas and I would  pay them for shipping and they said that was not there policy. I asked if I could E mail them a label and they could drop it off at Fed Ex and they said they coul not do that either. They refused to help in anyway. They said I would have to send a carrier to the hotel, box it up and take it with them. I could not find a carrier that would do this. I finally had to contact a friend that happened to be in Austin to pick up the coats personally and bring them back to Dallas. One thing is certain we will never stay at this hotel again.

Nice hotel.

This hotel offers very little, poor service, canned foods, and in need of refurbishment

Surprise wedding night for daughter. Staff at desk think it was Veronica very helpful.

Recently I stayed at this location and I would say I am at a lost for words but I have many words to describe my experience.  I booked this hotel because I was in town for work and it was near the location I would be working at.  Upon my arrival the young lady that greeted me at the desk was very friendly and welcoming so my first impression of the hotel and experience with the staff was a positive.  She quickly got me check in and I immediately went to my room which was at approximately 8pm.  When I entered my room I was shocked.  The room was hot because the housekeeper turned on the heater in the room which made the room very stuffy and the smelled of mildew.  The only way I can describe the smell is probably how the locker room smells after the super bowl.  I was going to go to the store and get air freshner but it was late so I called the front desk to see if they had anything to freshen the room.  The front desk attendant said she would come up to assess the room and bring freshner.  She came up and immediately noticed the smell and sprayed the room which helped.  She offered to switch my room but it was late and I was ready for bed so I declined so she offered to have my room cleaned while I was gone for the day.  I showered which was disgusting in itself because I could hear my feet sticking to the floor as I walking in the restroom.  I finally showered and went to bed.  The next morning I visited the front desk to remind them about cleaning the room due to the smell, sticky floor, and food crumbs that were on the floor.  They assured me that they would clean the room good for me that day.  I returned that night from work around 10pm and noticed that nothing had been done.  Housekeeping came in and made the beds but they did not do a clean of the room and the food crumbs from the previous guest was still under the bed.  Once again being tired I went to bed and said that I would address it with the staff in the morning.  The next morning I addressed it again and of course when I returned the room had not been cleaned and the food crumb was still there.  I travel a lot for work and I typically stay at a Marriott for my personal and business uses and this hotel was a COMPLETE disappointment in so many way.  From the smell, lack of cleaning, rusty bathroom fixtures, dirty wallpaper and popcorn ceiling I would certainly NEVER EVER stay here again and I WOULD NEVER EVER EVER recommend this hotel.  Traveling for business is never easy because you are away from home but to stay in a hotel with limited room availability that is dirty and no one makes and effort to address the issue is really disturbing.  This hotel needs to be renovated immediately!!!!!!!

Very nice place to stay.  Lots of shopping in the immediate area, located right off a busy road and just seconds to the Interstate.  The rooms are nice, nothing special.  There is a mini fridge in the room located in the closet.  Nice little bistro on site.  A swimming pool, didn't see a hot tub.
The staff is super friendly and a pleasure to work with.
Thanks for a great stay!

It's Courtyard with awesome views from South face rooms. Staff is Austin-friendly.

People are great - rooms are old and moldy and in need of renovation.

Ajay and Victoria provided stellar service! Everyone staff member I encountered was very friendly and eager to assist. I'd definitely stay here again!

I stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Austin-University Area for 7 nights. I opted for the Green Choice which according to the app and website means foregoing housekeeping for 3 nights in exchange for additional rewards points. I was surprised not to receive housekeeping on the 4th day and called the front desk to ask for towels and toilet paper. I said I didn't need housekeeping that evening because I'd be in my room the entire night, and the manager assured I'd receive it the next day. I didn't receive it the next day. I requested it via the app and messaged with a manager there who once again guaranteed that I would receive the housekeeping service, but for 3 more days did not receive it. Additionally, I used the app to request a blanket which I never received even though it was marked as "completed" within the app. Even if the hotel was having issues with the app, (though I messaged directly with the manager there) I do not understand how it still did not happen after speaking with them on the phone. I had 20 business trips in the last 12 months and stayed at Marriott and even have the Bonvoy/SPG credit card, but did not in any way feel that the commitment I have made with Marriott was reflected in their service towards me. 
Outside of this issue, the staff was rude during check in when I tried to check in early. I requested that when I made the reservation. I know it can't always be honored, but I didn't appreciate the attitude towards me for trying to check in early. 
The room was fine outside of the housekeeping issue and was close enough to downtown.

Great place to stay and visit the area

+ Larger rooms than most of the other hotels I've ever stayed. I have no problem keeping my 3 luggages (2x 28" and 1x 18") open at the same time.
+ Convenient location with free parking and easy access to I35 to get to most parts in and around Austin.
- Heater in the room is not powerful enough to keep the toilet warm and it was about 5 degrees colder than the room.
- Windows are not sound-proof so that you can still hear the traffic on I35.

Stay here and you’ll be glad you did’

Hospitality Plays a Vital Role in hotel industry and the guy in the lobby does not have it. His name is Ajay.

Nice clean rooms.  Good food downstairs.

We are in the king suite which is 2 rooms and a large sit in shower. Very clean. Smells good . Very spacious . Water is hard here . Make sure you pack lotion.

The people were nice but that's it. I wouldn't go back.

Rusty pipes put out brown water in the tub. Fixtures were sticking and I had to try several times to change from faucet to showerhead. The walls are thin and you can hear running pipes. The AC unit was also very noisy.

Went to see OSU and UT play basketball.  Texas won!!!

Greeting was much less than the personal experience that I as well as Marriott expects.
I have also never experienced a lounge at any of Marriott properties that had such a poor selection of even the most popular drinks and beers. I.E. (crown and coke, Coors light or Michelob ultra).

If you plan on going to the Austin Texas area I recommend you stay at the courtyard inn by Marriot

Very reasonably priced and actually customer service. The rooms are average but a great value for the money.

Amazing staff including managers who seemed genuinely concerned that my stay was perfect. Very unusual in my experience. Location was very convenient to UT campus/downtown  although a little tricky to find in the dark. Limited on-site dining but what they had was really good and served by friendly and patient staff.

Decent hotel experience once al issues were resolved.

Great staff - well trained/managed.

Fairly nice hotel for the money. Good bar downstairs, rates were good. Bed was a bit firm for me, only issue

Staff never really cared that only half the hotel had hot water and was told no manager or  maintenance was available.

Disappointed in the fact if you stay more than one night house keeping is very laxed did not replenish coffee or clean drinking glasses. After the second night had to leave a note and still did not clean the drinking glasses. Otherwise nice visit.

This is not a cutting edge Courtyard property but offers a convenient location with AMPLE shopping and dining options in the vicinity. I used the Internet extensively, albeit for email, and found it solid. The television channel selection also was consistent with the Courtyard brand.

The breakfast staff were efficient and industrious.

I went here for a Information meeting with a Revenue sharing company that I'm seriously looking into getting involved with. This place had a great vibe and was very nice inside and out.

The pool was out of service. No complimentary breakfast and had bathroom issues.

The staff was not very helpful. Room was poorly lighted. So much less than I expected from Marriott.i

Rooms smell bad and the fitness area smell very bad.

Too many issues:

--Refrig not working
--microwave door broke, never seen this happen
--bath sink leaking, water underneath sink on floor
--large amounts of condensation on the windows, had to wipe to see outside
--toilet barely flushed
--lighting the worse experienced in a hotel
--TV took a long time to change channels, very slow.
--hall carpets looked very dirty
--alarm sounded at 1130 pm, false fire alarm, but no follow up to the room tenants
--Price quoted was higher when contract for lodging sent, due to these issues, Mgr put price back down

If you like ice cold showers than this is the place for you. Said it was fixed never got repaired during my stay

The location is great. Service is up to Marriott standards. Rooms are dimly lit. Windows need to be cleaned more frequently.

The trash can looked like it had dry throw up on checking into our room. The fire alarm went off middle of the night. The front desk never answered to say if it was a true fire. Everything thing else was ok.

It was a Courtyard Marriott.

Not the best but also not the worst

Best mid-tier Marriott I've found in the Austin area for the price. Staff and rooms are great and the location is pretty good. They give you a complimentary reward upon check in (if you have status)! The bathroom is a little outdated, at least for my room, but there's nothing wrong with it.

My review is listed above. Room was very nice, had a good tv, very comfortable bed and a great hot shower with good pressure. Check in was easy as was check out

Friendly staff and a nice room. Location was easy to find and is close to much of downtown.

Standard Courtyard good location close to downtown.

Air conditioner was very erratic and not able to be changed made it very hard to sleep.

Room was small and not well-kept. Water not working in various places in hotel.

Easy check in & out, great service, lobby and room clean. We love staying at Courtyard because we know we will get good service and a quality product at a value price.

Sugeriría que la limpieza diaria de las habitaciones sea mas estricta y detallada. Y que la factura sea IDENTICA  a lo cargado a la tarjeta de credito.

Very comfortable hotel

Currently staying here for a quick birthday trip. First I was given keys to a filthy room, not a great start but not a huge deal.
However, we are enjoying some drinks in our room and notice black and green stuff floating in our cups. We check the ice bucket we got from the 5th floor machine and there is all kinds of stuff floating around. Disgusting! The bartender gave me fresh ice, but both he and the front desk girl shrugged it off like it isn’t a big deal. I have photos as well, will be posting to Marriott site to hopefully have the machine cleaned soon!
Not what I expect from a Marriott/ Starwood brand property. Very disappointing, but at least we check-our tomorrow.

Awesome

There was bad mold room smell and room serivce didn't show up

Very clean and well appointed hotel. The front desk staff were friendly when checking in and checking out. The room was comfortable and I appreciated the number of pillows! Very happy with this hotel.

Great rooms and amenities but they don't have the usual breakfast for free. They have a bistro. They don't even have free coffee. The fitness center is really small too - it has 2 treadmills, an elliptical machine, 3 stability balls, and a few dumbbells (only up to 40 lbs)

Courtyard is a great product with a reasonable price, that's why we look for one every time we travel! I've never has a bad experience and we have stayed in at least five states and multiple cities.

I stayed here a couple days about a week ago. Day 1, they said they could take my card no problem and charged everything to my card. The following day I went to add another night to my stay and they told me they do not accep card. Quite confusing since the first night they accepted. I told them I would just pay cash instead but they pulled money out my card anyway "just in case."  At checkout, I pay in cash and they tell me the money will be back on my card in 3 days. Needless to say its been a week now and the monry has not been returned. I have called them and they say someone will call me back from accounting and I've recieved no call. So frustrating.

Looks nice

Good service nice place

Nice place to stay on a short visit to Austin.

Walked over from Fairfield Inn to enjoy happy hour at The Bistro inside the Courtyard Marriott. Decided on the healthier option to have with our drinks. The chicken grain bowl w/brocolini was tasty. However, the chicken was a bit over cooked.  Liked the relaxed atmosphere and prices. Bonus, if you stay at the Fairfield next door, they give you a 20% off coupon towards any order at The Bistro inside Courtyard. Love how Marriott hotels show their appreciate for their guests.

Loved this place. The building is solid and you can't hear anything when your in your room.

It's a great hotel located in the middle of everything. Perfect for a weekend trip or even longer.

Nice hotel

Customer service was better at a gas station. Went for relaxation and felt like I was working for the hotel the whole stay. Last I check the reason for the stars was because that's how close to a famous star the business made you feel like while you were their guest. But don't feel too bad, it must be in the water, because across the chain of austin hotel/motels establishments are all coming up; only for air. Please, try again.
The¥*itch looking both ways so my children can cross after me.

Too much noise and issues with the toilet not flushing.

Nice one!

horrible service, probably won't stay there again.
room was dirty when I got there, I complained about and told me that they couldn't do anything about it.
I also forgot some clothes in the room and they said they couldn't send back to me.

This hotel is about 5 minutes drive from the university campus and about 10 minutes (with no traffic) to Downtown. It's clean and renovated, and super friendly staff, and a good way to experience Austin. It's on the I-35 with easy access to US183 and the Northwestern parts of town.

Great place to stay for a weekend getaway. Would definitely come here again again!

Extra-friendly staff. Very clean and contemporary. Comfortable beds. Quiet. Great location near my son's dorm.

La ubicación es buena, el servicio es atento, no tuve la oportunidad de desayunar, me hubiese encantado haber probado sus alimentos, habitaciones limpias y espaciosas, la estancia en general fue muy cómoda.

Beat night's sleep I've had in a long time. Rooms were nice - but the door to the bathroom only slides, it doesn't latch in any way.

Room and staff were nice our whole stay. However we left $25 cash in our room in one of the night stands. We checked out next day forgetting it and that same night we called back to see if it had been turned in or was still there. Sadly to say room wasn’t occupied yet but had been cleaned that afternoon. Upon calling, the front desk staff went to check the room and found nothing. Thus either cleaning staff got a nice tip or staff member(s) pocketed it. We won’t be going back for another stay. Careless mistake on our part forgetting to check our night stand before checkout (you live and you learn) but we wouldn’t have thought a hotel of this class would’ve had dishonest workers.

Was located on the 4th floor right next to the elevators. Was clean, and for the most part quiet.

Staff was friendly and the room was very clean and comfy beds. Definitely will stay here again.

Awesome, friendly staff! Very clean, modern, close to ut dorms, close to food, target, other stores and I35. My regular hotel was sold out so I stayed here 2 nights. Loved it so much more than other place that I'll be staying here from now on.

Necesita cambiar las haboataciones son conectores que no funcionan y muebles viejos

Would recommend to anyone. Clean, close to shopping, dinner & movie. As well at UT.

Friendly staff

Staff were accommodating. The guest rooms were very clean. The lobby and receiving area did not look very clean

Nicest court yard ive seen this far

Front Desk service was lacking. The room was pretty tight and towels were pretty stiff. The bistro staff was very friendly.

Lukewarm water temperature when I ran and used the shower of my departure. Didn't have time to report or ask for a fix before needing to depart and had to take shower with the cold water. But I wouldn't have had to ask either-- the water should have been warm--! There is no excuse. When reported to check out staff, they simply said they would send maintenance to take a look-- there was no apology offered or empathy to my negative experience and that's unacceptable. Showerhead is relatively short, so if you're 5'10 or taller you'll have challenges washing your hair without needing to contort your body.

From complicated check in’s to forgotten tooth brushes all was easily solved by the an amazing efficient staff!! Missed placed and lost pens were replaced multiple times w no complaints. I was worried that they were going to start hiding from me, but I was always greeted w a smile. 

Cindy S NYC

A nicely refreshed hotel that needed it. Good place to stay handy to downtown and UT campus. Give it a try.p

This property was in a great location for our mid-week plans with friends. Staff is very friendly, even the maintenance man  passing us in the hallway.

The grout on the shower floor was gross!  There was no way to escape it!

The shower had mold on the walls and tile. It was disgusting. I couldn't even take a shower for fear of catching something. Overall lack of cleanliness...I arrived really late and had an early morning meeting or I would have left to find another place to stay.

The hotel entrance was a little bit hard to take because of its narrow specially when two cars are facing each other entering and exiting the place. No valet services at least at the time I was there between 7 to 8 PM. All other services were just normal.

It's a nice place

Hard to tind

Hotel was great for the price we paid. Probably my fault but I never saw that breakfast was included in my confirmation and nobody told me upon checking in so breakfast was missed.

It was pretty good, but we were there during the boil so we had to go stock up on water else where.

Great environment, awesome staff, reasonably priced.

Really comfortable rooms and reasonably priced!!!!

Premium customer is not given premium service, very disappointed in the front desk and beverage/food stuff

This is my second stay at this Marriott. I rate it 5/5. My only issue is the same with most hotels - skip the painting or tv over the desk and put a mirror low enough to create a dressing table- no woman wants to do her hair and make up standing up in a steamy bathroom. A full length mirror on the door of the closet would be nice too. Excellent staff, clean, comfortable.

Stayed here for one night and glad it was only one night. Staff was great. I was not impressed with the hotel room. Outdated and poor lighting for working/studying. 
Breakfast was made to order and excellent.

Magnifico

Check in staff was friendly and accommodating. Room smelled of strong chemicals possibly carpet cleaned because it was sticky. Room was dark, bathroom was very small. When I ordered coffee I asked for cream and was told the owner thought it was to expensive and did not offer.  Was not recognized for status and I am a top tier Marriot member. I have noticed this at other properties recently.  They are my home away from home and it is nice to be recognized for my loyalty with the brand,

It is a nice hotel

The rooms were a little small & they seem to have a little issue with hot water but everything was nice and the staff were great! The parking lot could be lit better & they could use some better signage to see where to turn into it from the road.

Staff always ready to make your stay an enjoyable one ..

I truly would not recommend this hotel to any of my professional or personal friends and certainly not to my corporation

Nice place

The rooms were pretty nice and the hotel lobby was nice. Seems like they might have recently remodeled.

My stay was pleasant, everything was clean and the staff was friendly. I wasn't in my hotel room much but the overall stay was as expected for a smaller Inn style hotel.

Great Hotel

Great location just off I-35 and 290 exchange  easy access to downtown and campus area.

There was no way I could figure out to open the window so had to rely on the A/C for air circulation. Without it on, the room got stuffy. Other than that, it is a great room, comfortable bed and hot shower.

The staff at this hotel were great. Serious when they had to be, but fun when it was called for. Overall a great experience.

Nice atmosphere with really helpful associates. The location was the best part.

I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel, and I did not have high expectations going into the reservation. The entire staff was super friendly. The hotel was up to date & they had an outdoor pool!

Party Texas style

Positives:
- Food when available was pretty good.
- Staff was friendly and helpful.

Negatives:
- The rooms are poorly lit and old. That photo I took is how the room looks with every light turned on.
- The 'Bistro Cafe' in the lobby is always out of half of the menu. I stayed here for two weeks and every time I asked for something I was told they were out of it.
-  There is only one washer and dryer for the entire hotel. The dryer needs to have it lint cleaned out because even after 2 hours of running my clothes were still damp.
- The views from the hotel are pretty depressing, just highways and parking lots. The surrounding area isn't too safe either. We found a literal bullet in the parking lot and we were approached on three separate occasions by homeless/drug users right outside the hotel.

I don’t usually pick Courtyards. I did on this trip. Came to the lobby expecting to get a cup of coffee in the morning. Only if you brought your wallet. I had not, on my way to the gym. It was a small and poorly equipped. Hotel is nice, as is the staff.

Got a cheap deal. Now I know why. No one wants to come here.

We stopped on short notice for the evening and lucked into rooms being available.  The staff treated all five of us like we had been there many times before.  Suggested things to do, places to see, and to eat.  An overall very enjoyable experience!

Staff was really helpful and friendly. Besides having a place to sleep, shower and grab coffee on the way out, I didn't spend much time here. Not overly impressed nor disappointed, hence the 3 stars.

My bathroom was not clean. Urine from previous guest was on the toilet and hair in the shower. Iron in room was broken and the one brought to me did not heat. I had to use my flat iron to iron for my convention. That was loud obnoxious guest on the floor at all hours.

Rooms were a good size. View out the window was really bad! Bathrooms really needed updating.

Staff extremely helpful. Room well kept and inviting. Good location for getting around in Austin. Centrally located.

Hey that's pretty gooood

Awe this is a great place to stay!

Rooms were nice, seemed cleaned besides finding someone's sock next to the bed near the AC unit. Staff was friendly, would stay again.

Went to a University Information event. Room was nice and comfortable, staff was very nice.

N/A

Great staff, friendly employees, clean room, parking is very easy.

Very nice

Great hotel.  Always clean and the staff is always very friendly, going above and beyond to make our stay great.  Our daughter is at The University of Texas, so this hotel is nice and close to campus.  It is also very convenient to everything in Austin.

Brown dirt water came out of tub. Need to clean your filters to pump out fresh water for guest.

Love the staff and how clean the room is

Absolutely the best stay I have ever had! Friendly and efficient staff, very clean!

Bistro staff was unfriendly, short, and dismissive.

The room smelled a little funky.

This hotel was great for the cost.  The staff was great.  The room was clean and comfortable.  The shower had good pressure.  The AC worked great.  All little things that made the stay nice.

Very Bad Smell in three room .This was by far my worst  stay at Marriott

The room had musty damp smell and one bed squeak everytime you try to sit on it. Service was ok asking us if we want to change rooms after reading the reviews.

If there was a higher rating than 5 stars, Courtyard Marriott would well deserve it! Thanks to the staff and subsidiaries! God is love! Be blessed!

The stay was not bad. It was an over night so not much to report. We arrived late, then went to eat dinner, and came back after 10pm to find the bar closed so that was a little disappointing. The room we stayed in 514 had some USB issues, and the bathroom had a  smell of mold/mildew. 
Shower system was out dated with classic tub and curtain.

The service attendants at this location appear to be not familiar with the software to be able to check in and check out. Additionally, they are unable to fix the errors on the invoice such as removing a beverage charge for premier elite status placed on the invoice which should not have been there.
The attendant though was apologetic but was unable to remove the charge. He indicated a modified receipt will be emailed with the charge removed. A new invoice was e-mailed but had the charge as is.

You might not have the ideal location if you don’t have a car but the staff will far make up any downside. Fast, Friendly and Professional!  I will be back!

Great customer service and clean comfortable room.  Will return if in the area!

Not great, not terrible.  Just another aging hotel struggling to maintain older equipment and infrastructure.

Convenient location

Everything was great.  The only thing I did not like was there was no continental breakfast offered.

My husband stayed here for work. it had all the accommodations plus some. great place to stay!

It was excellent. I plan to stay once again for my next visit

We first arrived and had the standard 2 queen bed room. It just seemed really small. So we upgraded to the king bed suite which was very nice. I do wish the suite had a door to separate the bedroom from the living room. The 2 couches pulled out into twin beds so it was perfect for my kids.

It was pretty good

Although it's not a five star Hotel, the cleanliness of the rooms and the convenience to the relevant and fun parts of Austin make this an ideal location. And you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for it.

Solid hotel, nice staff. New bistro available upon request.

good location, water-coming-out-tub-and-sink, clean room, good staff.

From the time we arrived everyone was polite and very helpful.

Was simply passing by, but the place looked nice

The rooms were adequate in size and the staff was very friendly. Alot of parking available and very well lit.

Excelente confort, lujoso y elegante

Very nice place. Little out dated but nice

My room was not haunted at this time 10/10

So after staying there 1 night we went to make the bed and seen a huge pee stain on the comforter on the inside facing the bed.  Then seeing a play doh container against the wall sitting there not from us.    The staff was nice.   After bringing the items to their attention they replied thanks.

Great place

we were at the hotel for the weekend and everyone was nice, clean rooms, nice pool. friendly service.

One of the best hotels I've stayed in. Staff extremely helpful and courteous. Definitely staying again

Very comfortable.  Great staff. Location perfect for my needs

Great ice!

Better than the ritz in LA but the rooms are nice and clean and new!!! Such a good spot to next to a good seafood spot and in central Austin. I just don’t agree with the no breakfast included I’m sick of marriotts not providing breakfast what is the point of a hotel stay

Stain on comforter,
Rude Patrons knocking on door at 4am
Misc. charge pending on card

Won't be coming back

No continental breakfast. Otherwise good stay.  We would stay again.

the hotel design was dated, carpet was not clean, popcorn on ceilings

Horrible. Management allowed homeless people in the pool to take showers

Not as nice as other Courtyard Marriott's. Bed doesn't have a headboard, the rooms feel dingy

If you need a place to stay in the university area, this hotel has a great team and an upgraded feel. It's convenient to things nearby, and I felt at home when I stayed there.

Very nice atmosphere really enjoyed my stay here.

It smelled great!

I had a wonderful time, during my stay, here. The rooms are extremely clean and spacious. I love that this hotel is less than 5 miles from the UT Austin campus, the State Capital Building and Downtown Austin as well as several places to shop, eat and enjoy yourself. Being that this hotel is near the highway, it remains quiet and provides parking for you during your stay. I really enjoyed my stay here. The staff is nice and is always available when you need them. I will be returning.

This is a nice hotel with loads of parking spaces.  Everything you will possibly need is within a 2 mile radius of this hotel.

Easy access and accommodations for our trip to Austin for freshman orientation at UT. I will be staying again. #hook'em

Staff was friendly and met our needs! Hotel was clean and service great!

Very nice hotel.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating.  Our stay was 3 nights and housekeeping never came to our room which was very odd.  Had to ask for towels, toiletries, etc.  Aside from that it was fine.  Breakfast is overpriced.

Cleaning crew stole some items from my room after the first of a 3 night stay. Lotion, toothpaste, shampoo etc. I informed the front desk and the person on duty was sympathetic and said he would let the manager know in the morning and they would start an investigation. We returned after purchasing items to replace some of what was stolen. I gave the next person on duty the receipts and she apologized and said she would give them to the manager in the morning. The next morning the manager was unaware of any of what had happened. She was very nice and refunded my expenses from the receipts. She said she would investigate and try to find out what happened and get back to us. I checked out today and asked the girl at the front desk who had no additional information. I'm only out about 15 additional dollars but no offer to return that money or a free night or complimentary anything which I feel would of been appropriate. If you stay here take your stuff with you.

We are very satisfying with the service, room, and amenities.

This hotel and its staff were professional and friendly.  The reservationist who checked us in went out of his way to help us check in early by advising me to download the app to advise we arrived early.  We were able to relax by the pool until check-in which ended up being no time at all!

Adequate basic overnight accommodations but nothing more

Rooms were clean! Staff was extremely friendly! Very comfortable beds and fresh smelling linen is always a plus!

It is an older hotel that has been updated. The room is okay but you can hear the noise outside your door and you can also hear housekeeping vacuuming in the next room. Breakfast is not free here, but they do have a Starbucks located in the lobby that you can buy from. It only has a selection of limited items from their full menu.

Seems to be older hotel that had been updated. Have a Bistro down stairs to eat at that's a lil more in price to be expected but most hotels food is. Right off interstate 35 makes it convenient to get anywhere. Staff are professional and very hospitable.

Convenient to UT where we had a college tour planned.

Overall nice lobby but room just needed a bit of updating and the location was close to some major spots only about 10-15 Uber to downtown

Our room smelled dirty and had leak in the bathroom. Not clean.

Great stay, no issues - Marriott is the way to go!

Stayed 1 night on business clean rooms! Service was great

Great hotel!

Its priced correctly. Hotel is a little outdated however it's clean and priced accordingly so can't complain.

Stopped here due to weather conditions. Very enjoyable stay. We will definitely stay here again.

Room had a damp smell as if it were flooded. Bathroom smelled. Door hinges in the bathroom were rusted.

The personnel at the hotel were always efficient, courteous and committed to a high level of customer service.  The location is very convenient to my meetings in downtown Austin.  Unless I have a convention meeting at another hotel the Courtyard Austin-University Area has become my hotel of choice.

Nice venue, curious staff, and pleasant atmosphere.

I love Marriotts this one like most all others are real nice.  I understand days of the free continental breakfast are going away and that's ok. But You should always have free coffee in the lobby that a must. That's why I didnt give a 5 star. Almost all hotels have coffee free in the lobby.

Staff was extremely nice and room was also very clean

When we travel to meet up with our college-age kids, we look for convenience to campus and area restaurants, clean and comfortable, helpful staff and affordability.  The Courtyard Austin-University met all of our criteria. We will return next time we're in Austin. For us, it was a reallyy great weekend place to stay!

Amable gerencia y bonito hotel y buena locación muy cerca de la universidad |El cuarto estaba limpio y el baño también pero no dejaron artículos de aseo personal otra cosa que no nos gusto fue que no tuvieran room service y el restaurante cierra @10pm |Para el precio y el prestigio que tiene este hotel mis expectativas eran muy altas.|Pero el personal muy amable.|Otro problema que tuvimos fue el agua estaba muy caliente y difícil de controlar.|Pero al despertar en un cuarto limpio iso la diferencia me gusto el hotel y regresare asta la vista.

I hate this hotel. The people who work here are incredible but I am endlessly frustrated by the lack of requested room type available, despite early booking and platinum status. The rooms are in severe need of renovation. It's a difficult location to navigate. I would say I'd never stay here again but corporate travel seems to gravitate towards this hotel repeatedly.

Comfy hotel

Good

There is a hole in the wall of the bathroom next to the vent. The only ice machines that worked are on floors 6-9, and I was on floor 5. There wasn't a room service menu in the room, I had to request one. The customer service was prompt and helpful, but the condition of the room was not up to the standard of a Marriott Courtyard.

Just checked in to room 612 to find - unclean basin, broken door and dusty refrigerator - pics available but not sure how to upload them in a review.
Only good thing is a nicely made bed.

The king suite on 8th floor was awesome! Comfortable and spacious with a wall of windows with a view of Austin. Breakfast was really tasty at the bistro. Very friendly and attentive staff.

This hotel is beyond disgusting and rude! I work with customers all day and let me tell you they had zero interest on my concerns, as a matter of fact laughed at what I had to say. First off this hotel has bed bugs and they won’t admit it! I found a bug in my room and my friend was getting bites in his room. Secondly, the staff is so disrespectful. I called the front desk and told them my situation and kept getting interrupted. They sent Tom/Tim up to check and literally glanced at the bug and said it’s not a bed bug then grabbed a napkin and was about to walk out until I asked to see it closer. Told me to call management when I asked more questions. This was the second room they placed me in after I found mold on the cieling in the first room. I’m very insulted, frustrated and disgusted with how everything was handled. I am moving to a new hotel tomorrow. I suggest not to stay here if you want to be at peace. BTW the maid service is nonexistent!

Communication skills and customer service etiquette needs major improvements.

Couldn’t have asked for more. Very clean and worth the stay!

Awesome.stay for.out anniversary

Loved it.  Came here early from an Airbnb that was just weird.  This was like a breath of fresh air.

With exception of the exterior, you won’t recognize this as the broke down Courtyard it use to be. The updates are lovely and refreshing, the staff is great. Outside of the understaffed bar/cafe and the poor quality of dinner options- this place is just fabulous. I’ll stay here again.

Nice rooms reasonably priced

Disgusting!

Excellent place stay. Very clean. Love bar and kitchen area

Very friendly staff, clean hotel. Close to UT campus, you don’t have to get on I35 to get there.

Great hotel and close to downtown.  Not walking distance, but about a 5 minute drive which is not that bad.  Very clean hotel and very comfortable beds.  Would definitely stay at this hotel in the future.

Pros: large rooms, reasonable prices, updated decor, helpful and accommodating front desk staff

Cons: huge roaches in the rooms. Staff was not very helpful with the roaches

There’s a Holiday Inn very close to this hotel with similar prices and room sizes, but I saw no enormous roaches there. I would just stay at the Holiday Inn

Front desk was very helpful. Fast check in. Nice quality hotel.

Attended business event. Meeting area was small but sufficient.

The staff was nice, the lobby is uodated, housekeeping is not as good as they should be

The hotel is very old and moldy. The lobby is nice but for the rest of the hotel you can tell the age. Each of the floors were very damp and smelled moldy. Our bathroom had mold in it and the shower was rusted pretty badly. When we called the front desk for help with the TV we were told to use google to find an answer instead of helping us resolve the problem.

Basic room in an average location. Location was key for me because I was playing in a tournament nearby. However, the rooms leave a little to be desired, the bathroom smells musty and humid in need of major airflow and has visible water damage.

muy buen hotel, bien ubicado cerca de todo, muy limpio y buenas habitaciones, personal muy amable

No free breakfast. Enough said

Very Nice rooms

We stayed at this hotel for one night. During our stay there was construction near the entrance of the hotel. The entrance sign was broken so it was a bit hard to find their driveway. The lobby of the hotel was very nice. Looks like it was recently renovated and felt clean. The lobby staff was very friendly and welcoming. One minor negative was, the hallway to the room was a little musky and felt humid. The room however looks new and renovated.

Poor location, with no attractions to justify such location, other than being next to a highway.
The showerhead as high as a midget could take a full shower.

Room service was an issue, with no service for 2 of the 3 nights, and only resolved after speaking to manager.
2 staffs didn't seem eager to resolve the issue

The staff is very nice and i don't have any complaints there but the hotel is very dated and i would not call it upscale other than the overpriced starbucks and prices in the lobby.

Dirty musty smelling room with a shower that wouldn't drain and hot water that was room temperature at best. Uncomfortable bed and a disgusting pool. Oh did I mention the bugs?

Muy bueno

First let me say I love Marriott and stay Marriotts whenever I can.    Please do not pass up the opportunity to stay at this Marriott.   It is a very clean hotel, welcoming lobby, professional and courteous staff.   But let me get to the main deal--the room I had was large, clean, cool and well-appointed with everything a traveler would need.   I especially enjoyed my very restful sleep in the hotel bed--the most restful hotel sleep I can remember recently:  There was a wonderful mattress with clean white, cool sheets and lots of big fluffy pillows.   And the room was quiet too! It doesn't get in better than this when it comes to a hotel stay.  The price was very reasonable.

Nice bed. Bathroom a bit dated

Great, was just hard to get to because of all the construction...its hidden!

Difficult to find light switches in the dark. Not enough outlets at desk.poor response for request for sofa bed linens

Standard hotel for price and location. Bathroom had corroded door hinges and very old faucets.

It's a good place

Housekeeping staff is very lazy and barely clean the rooms. Most speak 0 to little English but you don't need English to know clean from dirty. I shouldn't have to call housekeeping back up to my roomy do the job they were supposed to do from the start! Choose another Marriott not this location. My room even had ants and roaches which again goes to show the laziness of hotel staff!

Rooms are small, but clean

Fun place very accommodating to our groups wants and needs. Did everything possible to make our trip amazing! Going back next year.

Very main stream..nothing special...no comp meal..only outdoor pool. No hot tub. Kinda pricy for lack of amenities and location

No complimentary breakfast. Rooms and staffing are great.

Great!

Decent place to stay.

Booked a room to visit my child at the University in Austin. Very close to campus area, about 10 minutes away. The room was clean and very spacious. There was s queen size bed and a small couch. Checkin was easy. I would stay here again.

Arrived at the hotel in the evening, and received room 301. When I opened the door, there was a musky, moldy smell coming from inside the room. We were confused initially, but set our stuff down and continued on our day. We bought a scented candle to mask the smell, but other than the sticky sheets, we slept the night. Upon waking up and preparing for the day, I noticed that the bathroom was in abysmal condition. Rust on the hinges of the door, rust on the towel rack (which got on the towels), and when turning on the faucet, rust came out. After wrapping up my morning prep, my sister made note of a red mark on the bed skirt which looked like blood. At that point, I decided to go down and change rooms. The front desk agent lacked empathy but offered to change the room. I was moved to a higher floor, and seeing (and smelling) the room, it was so much better. Once we settled in that room, it was rather uneventful.

General advice: This hotel was a good hotel, probably newly renovated, but if something seems off in your room, be sure to change your room. In hindsight I should have not stayed in that first room because I could've been staying in a hazardous area.

Great hotel. It looks a lot nicer in their website though. It was perfect for what I needed and the location was great.

The staff at this hotel is very friendly and helpful. We were happy that the bistro offered breakfast which saved us time every morning, however, they seemed to be out of many key ingredients. It was like a joke! Each day we tried to guess, what will they be out of today?

This is a fantastic hotel and is very convenient to everything that Austin has to offer.

Nice placee

Great hotel. The staff was always polite and courteous. They worked hard to get our rooms ready early. They don’t have the best food selection and it’s not in the most luxurious part of Austin but overall I was really happy with my stay here.

El personal de recepcion son muy atentos y amables a tus necesidades.

Nice hotel friendly staff. I booked two rooms they were pretty swell, I did have a maintenance issue but since it wasn't taken care of on the spot, when I requested they made up for by points and a sincere apology. I would like to say thank you! If im in town again would definitely come back

Nice all the way!!!

Was very pleased by the Priceline Express Deal selection for this property; it was a great value for the quality delivered. Self parking [ free] was also a selection criteria. Location ended up slightly further North of the downtown than I realized but it was not an issue. The road construction currently ongoing on the access road in front of the Courtyard was a bit of a challenge- aggressive drivers were charging hard for the nearby entrance to I-35. Great king bed room with very comfortable bed. Was a good base to hit SOCO, see the bats, LBJ library and other attractions.

Affordable location not to far from apartments north of the UT campus.  A little hard to access off the service road, but we got the hang of it after the first in and out.  We only used hotel for sleeping and showering.  DId not use any other facilities.

Tim was amazing, the hotel was okay.

Been to better, only one laundry machine, one cup coffee maker in room, and no complementary coffee, or laundry soap as the other Marriott's chains and cheap TP. Not recommended for longer then a night.

It was ok

Much better price than downtown hotels, and only a short distance away from downtown.

Solid experience at less than the Hotel Tonight rate. Decent little bar with light foods. Clean, good tv, pool. Good location.

The staff is excellent and the location/proximity to downtown is convenient. Great value for the money.

Nice stay, lovely room. We were on the 8th floor with a view of the downtown skyline. The location is near I-35 and very easy to get in/out. Lots of shopping nearby. The atmosphere was relaxed, the staff was very friendly, helpful and professional. All of our needs were attended to promptly. Starbucks in the lobby was nice. And the lounge was comfortable.

Some minor elements of decor need attending to, such as the pictures by the elevator on our floor, and the menu's posted behind the bar/service area. The hotel was very nice, and it made these minor things stand out in contrast.

We will be staying at this hotel again. It's the fourth hotel we've stayed at in Austin and it's the right combination of nice accommodations and location for us.

The beauty of the lobby was very deceiving. Room was decent but bathroom was in need of an upgrade. Our soap dish was cracked and glued back together. Wallpaper stained and dirty. Ant on the bathroom floor in the morning.

I had to change my room twice upon checked in. First time was related to the smell of the room. it smelled as a smoking room. second time, the room's temperature panel was broken. no temperature showing and can't adjust. also, very close to highway. too noisy. called staff to fix the temperature and was told to wait for 30 minutes. I was having jetlag did not feel to wait that long. Improvement can be made for future business.

Worst Marriott I've stayed at and I've probably stayed at over a 100 Marriott properties

Nice place.

Just don't waste your time and money staying here!

Very pleasant reception and very professional. Very nice clean room with good temperature control. Nothing to complain about except that they don't include any free food.

The Marriott staff provided me with a suite and it was the worst suite I ever stayed in. The suite had a bad and strong odor. It took two hours for the cleaning staff to arrive and clean the suite thoroughly. Whil waiting for the cleaning staff I had a terrible headache and I got very sick due to the horrible smell.

Review. The hotel rooms are clean but not modernized. The breakfast didnt have many choices (only plain bagels).  The staff was too busy to keep up with demand during peak SXSW period.

Staff is great and its locates in the center of Austin. I was 15-20 mins from downtown, Mayfield park, ladybird lake, the domain and Rainey st.

I highly recommend this site with its strong customer service

Mi gusto

This hotel room was so dirty, would not recommend to stay. The meals were okay. Nice pool

A little far from downtown ($10 uber ride away) but a comfortable place to stay. You will miss the hustle bustle of staying in the city but this place works out very economical that way. Staff was very friendly and rooms were spacious and clean.

It was a good stay.

Non friendly staff, not a very welcoming experience.  Stayed 4 days and only rec'd one "hello" and that was because I said it first.  Only reason you should consider staying at this property is because everything else is full.

Matt, who works at the front desk, made my experience a five-star experience before I arrived at the hotel. Matt went out of his way to help me obtain a room for the amount of nights I needed. He was kind, funny and extremely helpful. The rooms were clean, the rest of the staff was kind and very friendly. Everything was comfy and perfect for my short trip to SXSW.

Nice hotel in decent location

they remodeled the place looks very nice and close to the downtown area

Clean rooms, recently renovated.

Estaba extremadamente limpio. Realmente no tengo quejas. Muy bueno por el precio.

I was greeted by unfriendly staff at the hotel that were not interested in serving me. I was surprised to not receive the standard friendly Marriott reception. The hotel was a drive from downtown Austin, and next to a highway; the highway made it difficult to sleep in the small highway facing rooms.

ここは場所もサービスも良いです。
強いて1点だけマイナスな点をあげるなら工事渋滞がひどく予測不能な場合もあること。

This hotel is right off the 35 and easy access to UT.  So close!  Thereʻs lots of road construction though.  The door handle for the bathroom fell off and we did not have any maid service on the second to the last day.  Otherwise, we had a great stay!  The other plus is Amayaʻs Mexican restaurant is just a 2 minute walk.  The showers and rooms were clean and water was HOT!  Would stay again.

I would recommend this hotel especially if you are looking for a comfortable hotel relatively close to UT.  The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and quiet.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  I will definitely be back.

Gracias a dios, esta Marriot es perfecto!!

Hotel service was fast when we requested service such as extra towels or blankets. Only issue was our fridge in our bedroom was broken, and when I asked them to fix it they said they would but never did.

The entire staff from check-in to check-out was wonderful.

I usually have a consistently good experience with Courtyard so they are typically my preference. This location is slipping. Overall good but: (1) They placed us in a smoked-up room. The cleaning staff should have alerted mgmt but no one had a clue. We moved rooms. (2) The 1st room was on the traffic-quiet side of the hotel as requested but of course they moved us to a noisy-side room. Clueless. (3) What's with those electronic keys that are so unreliable? Get a clue mgmt. Check this stuff. (4) Our room was never cleaned the 2nd day. We left about 10am, returned 6pm. Room was NEVER cleaned. What all are we paying for? Overall good hotel but poor mgmt.   --mike
PS--the air condition won't keep the room. In Feb!

From start to finish, the Staff was professional, welcoming and accommodating. The rooms and hotel were very stylish and relaxing. Very classy location

Stayed the night on business.  nice stay - clean, comfy bed.  Lights were a little tough to keep out during night, making it somewhat challenging to sleep.  Overall very nice for older building.

Recommend!

Great hotel

The staff was very friendly and polite the room was overall very clean & neat loved the scenery

stay was ok.  there was blood on the bed.  had clearly been washed into the sheets.

Was able to visit this wonderful Hotel to be a part of an Amazon Workshop. The parking was accommodating, and the hotel was very clean and well lit. I would recommend this hotel For an upcoming event. The people are also very friendly that work here!

The location of this hotel is great. The front desk staff needs to be better trained. It took them 10+ mind checking me in simply because the guy didn’t understand my reservations. I made them using my certificate and points and he kept asking for the physical copy of the certificate which I did not have.

Location is good for the price but you get what you paid for...Ok if you don’t intend to eat or spend much time at the hotel

good value, great stay!

Overall the stay was pleasant.  The hotel was clean and had obviously been updated recently.  The room was great, very clean and comfortable.  The majority of the staff was courteous and professional.  Unfortunately, two separate bartenders were a little rude and appeared to be stretched too thin with food and beverage responsibilities.

Everything thing went to plan

Nice rooms and hotel.

I love staying at this location. Close to UT and shopping areas.

i was very disappointed especially since i have stayed in Marriott sister hotels. 
our room smelled like industrial cleaner, horrible, i had to leave the door open, which did not help.
there was a previous guests nail tips in our bedside table drawer, disgusting. 
nobody cleaned the room, nor did they provide fresh towels, or soap.
and the bistro was never open. 
thank god we only stayed two nights.  or else i would have switched hotels

Clean room. Not too far from downtown.

Great staff. Clean rooms. Had a couple issues with the bathroom but they were quickly resolved.

Nice beds, water in our room was broken though but fixed promptly

Lots of parking

Coming from a small town the thought of the traffic of Austin made me nauseous. I was able to get off the highway and to the Hotel without incident, never having to leave until it was time to go home. The facility was clean and well kept. The food was excellent. My room had a comfy couch and a bed that hugged me as I slept, waking up totally refreshed. The bathroom was nice and clean as well. Mini-fridge and coffee maker topped it off.

Road noise.  Old. Poor rooms.

I was there for a seminar but loved the atmosphere and how professional everyone there was.

Outstanding staff and service. Very clean facility

Decent hotel. Room are comfortable, but typical hotel fare. The rooms on the upper floors, nearest the freeway have traffic noise, so if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room furthest away from the freeway.

Location is good, room and service is like any other courtyard.

Rooms smelled a little musty, but easy access from highway

Nice, clean room

The outside looks old and run down, but the rooms have been redone and are modern. This is where I usually like to stay in Austin.

Everything was great. Good price for the overnight and only a short ride to night life. Room was nice, beds very comfortable.

I would not reccommend this hotel, the hotel is very poorly kept

Hotel is clean and cute. Staff are very friendly and helpful.  Unfortunately my breakfast experience was lacking. This is not usually what I experience at these hotels.

Overall a nice location and hotel, the toilet was just barely running the entire time though.

There was not enough help or competent help in the breakfast area. They were disorganized.

Nice service things look nice, just cheaper quality.

Good place to stay as expected from Marriott's properties.   Easy access to the freeway and closer to downtown.

Decent location, great staff, room was nice a D up to date.

The room was great. The bartender was great making our white Russians for our night cap. Check in was fast and professional

The entrance is very appealing. It was very clean and neat but the air was humid and smelled a bit sweaty. When I arrived at my room, it appeared very clean. The rooms don't have great lighting and the light switch only turns on the small light above the coffee maker. When I was climbing into the bed, I noticed there were small blood stains on the sheets. The maintenance representative was very quick and very friendly. The outlet on the wall a few feet from my bed has been modified and has some exposed electrical wires. There were three plugs for the lights in the room that were squeezed into the openings on this outlet. They did not fit. The prongs we're exposed on two of them. For the sake of everyone here, I rearranged them so the hotel would not catch on fire. Except for those minor inconveniences, the hotel staff are extremely friendly and the front desk personnel are top notch. If it weren't for them, I would have rated this hotel a 1 for health and safety. I hope the other rooms are better kept than this one...

Serious issue with the first floor ventilation system - the entire first floor of the hotel was about 45 degrees!!!!

Clean, nice rooms, friendly staff

The room was nice and clean. The two problems we had were one of the lights did not work and the housekeepers knocked on our door three times and then opened our door when we told them each time "No thank you." Other than those two problems, I would stay here again.

The staff at this hotel were wonderful and the lobby/bistro is great...but that's about it. The bathroom was a bit dirty, bathtub drain was broken, bed seemed to be an older one with no mattress pad (just a sheet on a bed, which felt a little gross). It seems like this property was converted from a Motel 6-type place and it shows. Not an awful experience, if this is all that's available or you get a great rate, but better to drive a bit up/down I-35 for a better maintained Courtyard.

It was very good

Love it. I stay at this particular location quite often

Just seemed dirty and toilet over flowed

Meh, they would have gotten 3 stars if they didn't put us in the room we actually reserved. You get what you pay for I guess.

Our stay here was comfortable.  The rooms were clean and stylish.  The beds were comfy with plenty of pillows.  The area was safe.  Easy to get on the highway.  Close to the 6th Street area, maybe 5-10 minutes away.

Very clean hotel and good value for your money, if you have a car to get around!

Staff was extremely friendly!  Rooms were clean, and they even had a lobby bar!

在奧斯丁區域，萬豪系列旅館以這間來說，是相對低價的！但是，他的房間還算頗大的，而且他還給了我升等，是套房房型！樓下還有個簡易的酒吧餐廳，只可惜他沒有免費早餐。

I've stayed at this property for almost 20 years and really never had any issues.  On this occasion, the water in the bathroom knew only one temperature...COLD.   I reported the issue to the front desk after the first cold morning and they reported it immediately.   I found a note in my room detailing how to use the faucets at just less than 100% open would rectify the situation.  I tried that night and it worked fine.  Then, the next morning, the same thing happened.  No hot, warm, tepid, lukewarm water to be found; just COLD.   Needless to say, it was less then desirable.  I hope they can find the cause and get it fixed before my next trip.

Very clean and respectful employee's that'll make you feel like you've been there all your life.

Hotel has free weights, fast internet, and full service bistro/bar. Rooms are spacious for a Courtyard property. There are 9 floors and free parking.

Great price for the room.  Convienent, clean, comfortable and nice staff.

Overall everything was perfect!

Thank you for making my stay comfortable and perfect!

pretty disappointed...they take big liberties when saying they are a university hotel...pretty far north and when you are staying there for work, not close at all.

I've stayed here before and would love to give it 5 stars but unfortunately this time is a little bit unpleasant. The only thing that I had an issue with was the late check-out being a gold elite member I had asked for a late check-out at 3 p.m. and the next day I was bothered at least 10 times by Hotel staff as well as maids to ask if I was done. I've never had this happen ever at any other Marriott and it didn't even happen last time I was here. Not sure what happened but hopefully next time it's better.

Great Hotel... fantastic service and very clean ..  They don't offer free breakfast like other courtyards but overall it is a really comfortable affordable place to stay ..

I stayed here because my original hotel overbooked.  That said my stay was pleasant.  The room was clean with hot water in the shower.  The location could be great for some but wasnt the best for me. It has access to I-35 which is good if you are not driving durin rush hour. Otherwise you might as well sit in the parking lot.  There is a small exercise room and a place to get Starbucks if those are important to you.

Clean and not far from downtown.

Customer service amazing

Not what I was expecting in a freeway locked hotel. Walking h is pretty much impossible from here but compared to all of the other cardboard boxes in the Austin freeways I've seen, this place is a great choice if you can spend the $$$ to stay downtown.

Nice, clean conference rooms and restrooms. Very comfortable seating. The Starbucks in the lobby was great.

It was fairly priced and I look forward to staying at another Marriott location in the future

Our pillow & comforter had stains. Bathroom toilet seat had redish/brown stain yuck!! Had to have our room cleaned while we just stood there & put us behind on getting ready for our sons game.

The staff was very friendly, rooms were nice and location to our event was great.

This was a fine place to stay for a quick business trip to Austin. It's not too far from the UT Austin campus, and it's close enough to I-35 and other major roads. Though the proximity to major roads isn't much of an advantage with the crippling traffic jams and general congestion typical in the surrounding area. The rooms are clean and comfortable.

Great hotel, fine staff.
Located near everything in Austin.
Breakfast wasn't included, the only surprise

Do yourself a favor, stay somewhere else

Clean, updated. Convenient to highway.
Friendly staff.

Very helpful staff.  Nice rooms

This hotel is pretty nice. Service is great and the Bistro by the lobby is pretty good. But unless you’re used to sleeping on a solid plank set over squeaky springs, ask for extra pillows or bring your own.

Clean rooms, basic bar food, my breakfast was included. A/C was not working right, and it blower as hard as outside 😄 But the customer rep did the right thing and offered me some Marriott points for the inconvenience. If you request no cleaning services, they give you points as well - works great for me!

I waa only visiting in town friends and family members who were staying there. As i had no interactions with the staff i have no comments in that regard. The place was very clean.

The hotel portion of my stay was pretty perfect. Smooth check-in and check-out. Using the app I requested to skip maid service for the first 3days when I checked in via the app, this didn't happen I received maid service everyday changing all the linens. As for the restaurant/bar, food selection isn't vast, but met my needs for breakfast. If I was in a hurry needing a quick bite at night I'd find something, but I wouldn't plan eating there if I could. The morning staff at the bistro were lacking, they forgot/misplaced to sandwich orders, then when pressed for them they made one completely wrong. Additionally, I don't drink caffeine, it'd be nice if they could brew a pot of decaf, but they don't/can't.

Rooms are a bit humid. Nothing special otherwise. Friendly staff.

Nice hotel for business.

Very comfortable beds, mattress, pillows etc. Avoid the high price bar and the terrible and very expensive breakfast.

Only went to pick up GPS device for city of austin initiative. However, the staff was very helpful in directing me to the correct conference room.

I love how the staff didn't bother us

Seems to have a very nice remodel. The shower was excellent. I would have given a four or five, but the bed was truly horrible. I specifically stay at Marriott Courtyards because the beds have generally been exceptional. This is perhaps the worst bed I have been on in a hotel in years.

Night staff was good. Bistro staff was good.

Unexpected to arrive and have a broke AC and then flying ants my family and I were tired after the night drive, and then I haven’t even got my refund.

Incredibly comfortable bedding and mattress. Quiet room. Very clean. Loved the Starbucks on site. WORST INTERACTION WITH STAFF EVER. Maybe you'll get lucky and have sweet desk clerks and your stay will be the bees knees. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you!

Nice clean room a 15 minute drive from city center. The room clock was the wrong time, which resulted in some confusion. Bathroom is a bit small but staff was very friendly and I appreciated the Starbucks coffee and breakfast bar.

The woman who checked me in knew my name for he rest of my stay. The entire staff (behind the desk, in the lobby cafe and the repair people)was unfailingly friendly, polite, welcoming and helpful.

Got a room that someone had smoked in. It was changed when asked.

Disappointed  with front desk service

Rooms not new not very nice, older hotel.  Sheets were dirty, and housekeeping service was horrible.

Our stay was awesome!  Great staff, clean and modern hotel. Awesome service and a very friendly staff from the people at the front desk to the maintenance workers.  Excellent!

Very good stay. Everyone was friendly, helpful, and just good to be around. One of the better stays i've had in a long time

The front desk doesn't answer their phone. But overall enjoyed the hotel itself

Rooms were very clean and laid out very well. Staff was courteous. This was a quick trip for the wife and I and this place was very nice

Nice and clean. Great staff

Great property close to Austin and Grand Prix.

My room was clean and comfortable. The breakfast at the hotel's bistro cafe was delicious, though pricey. I would have preferred a free continental breakfast.

This is the absolute worst Courtyard I've experienced. Upon checking in, I noticed the floors in my bathroom were extremely dirty. The first night, I had a headache from one of the pillows on the bed that smelled like perfume. And when I went to take a shower, the water was brown and never got warm. Although the food at the cafe is ok, there are no additional (decent) dining options that are within walking distance. And if you're going downtown in the morning, you're guaranteed to sit in traffic unless you tell your driver a back route. I travel to Austin frequently for work and will never stay here again.

Poor location and very dirty stairways

I booked a Queen room for 4 guests with breakfast included. Talk about false advertising. The breakfast included unappealing to-go items from the 'bistro' and I was told only good for 2 guests. Given the selection we ate elsewhere anyway. Upon check-in the room was not ready for 4 guests so we had to call down for more towels. The next day we were out from 11am-11pm and no one serviced the room. So we had to call down for towels again, unacceptable. The third day we had to call down for toilet paper. I'm not sure what exactly I paid for since we didn't get the service or breakfast that was to be included. When I complained at check-out the best the rep could do was give me $50 off and would 'look into it and call me'. I never got a call, surprise. Don't waste your money, there are far better values for the money in Austin.

Great place to stay!  Clean room and comfortable bed.

フロントはこぢんまりしているがキレイ。
スターバックスが１階にあるので、朝ごはんは其処で済ませるか近くのアイホップで済ませるのが良いかも知れない。
ただ、上半身ハダカでパンツを半分下ろした人がフロントを彷徨いていてもスタッフが何も注意しないのは文化の違いを感じさせられた。
スタッフが紹介してくれたステーキハウスは確かに美味かった。

My friends and I loved it and would definitely come back

The room, location, and price was good.

Very poor experience.  Felt like I was at a second rate hotel.

Good access to freeways. Only one entrance with a small sign in front, can easily be missed.

O hotel é um tanto longe da região central da cidade e, pensando nos engarrafamentos da I-35, pode ser um problema. O movimento da estrada pode ser ouvido do quarto também, ruim para quem tem sono leve (não é o meu caso)... O quarto tem tamanho e decoração bons e limpeza caprichada. E equipe do front desk é simpática e eficiente e o estacionamento é muito bom. Como problemas relato o custo/benefício (tendo em vista a distância do hotel para o centro), o chuveiro que é muito baixo e qualidade da imagem da televisão, que em vários canais parecia a de um tv de 30 anos.

Great staff, ok location.  Overall a very nice property with no problems for me!

Recepcionista super amable

Great

I sleep and wake up

Amazing staff.  Great room for the price.

This is a nice hotel. You can tell the rooms and lobby have been renovated. The bathroom in the room is what let me down. It feels old and not maintained. The actual room could be a little cleaner but for the price point this was not a bad hotel. Easy to find right off the highway. The lobby, pool, market, and bistro are all very nice. Front desk staff is very helpful and friendly.

Fantastic stay great business trip

The rooms are absolutely beautiful, super modern  and super clean. This hotel surely has made every last detail important. From the colors to light fixtures. And the staff super friendly and helpful.

King bed is comfortable and room is clean. Courteous professional s staff

Updated, but poorly done.

Hotel was great and Austin was great!!

Spacious rooms

Great stay!

Overall great stay... only issue was the length of time it took to get the elevator.

Second to home. Felt as good and almost like vacationing with the comfort of home and more!!!

Whenever we visit in Austin we choose the courtyard Marriott. The staff is always friendly and courteous and we never have any issues. Having a Starbucks in the lobby is a big bonus!

Decent place to stay. Close to downtown, clean, convenient.

Nice hotel with modern rooms and lobby. Only complaint was the amount of humidity in our room.

Excellent staff in the bar/take out servie area.

Clean and quiet.

My stay at this Marriott was not pleasant I ended up moving to another hotel

This hotel had become my number one hotel to stay at whenever  I visit Austin.

The lobby is nice but the hotel interior is very dated. Bed was comfy but bathroom door did not shut and the shower was very difficult to achieve hot water without burning yourself--just one of those super sensitive handles with a long lag before you can feel the temperature change. The redheaded bartender was pretty snobby and just had a bad attitude, but Manny at the desk was awesome and let us check in a few hours early. I would stay again if it were cheaper, but this is significantly lower quality than I expected from a Courtyard hotel.

Day Trip and I was very disappointed at the accommodations.  There was a constant musty odor throughout the hotel especially in the room.  I literally had to brew some coffee to try and mask the odor.

It is currently going through remodeling. They can definitely replace all the doors because they are too loud when people shut them. The drunks woke me up 2 in the morning because there is a gap from the bottom of the door and the floor. Not sure why my bed is closer to the door when I'd like to have my couch to be closer to the door. I didn't get a good night sleep during the full week I stayed there.

The rooms are super clean.  Very friendly and accommodating staff.  Beds very comfortable.  Good food and Starbucks coffee.

Weird that they didn't give hand towels in our room, and it's a little older and a few miles from campus, but the people are very friendly.

Buen hotel

Comfy beds but housekeeping missed clothes and trash left behind. They did give me 5000 reward points

I like the place but one bad apple can really spoil just about everything i suppose. One particularly unhelpful desk clerk ruined my would/should have been a romantic evening

Sub par Courtyard in bad need of a renovation.

Nice place.

I could not get any sleep due to the noisy Air Conditioner

Love the new renovations

Era una experencia Buena

Chill

My guests were locked in a room by the manager and engineer and made to wait for police due to one guest smoking in another room. Staff directly lied to the police and the action of the employees was nothing more than hate and revenge.

Stay was average, for the exception the stained towels, stains on carpet, broken trash can, and the bed wasn't completely on the rail. The railing was sticking out. The room could have been better. Just have staff to double check rooms.

Huge sign on the front of the building makes it easy to spot. Relaxed but business-like atmosphere, almost posh.

Great property to stay at if you're in town for meeting with HHSC. Helpful, professional staff, great location, convenient freeway access, and comfortable rooms make this a no-brainer for business travelers.

Would highly recommend, loved the stay, the bed was extremely comfortable!!

I stayed at this hotel on August 9, 2017.  When I turned back my sheet to got to bed I so a discusting site. There was blood on the sheets. Obviously the sheets had not been changed. The put me in another room and promised me that I would receive point to my account.  No only do they have dirty rooms, but they don't follow up to their commitments.  I only received 1/3 of what they said I would receive. Don't stay at this hotel it should be condemned. I would give it zero stars if I could. I will never stay at this hotel again.

Very comfortable bed and functional room.  Bed far exceeded expectations

Pleasant stay. In a outstanding city

Nice hotel and friendly staff.   great location if just spending a day or two in Austin. Easy access to highways and downtown.

Rude front desk staff and terrible customer care.

Highly recommend!

All around pretty good stay. But a free breakfast like all the other hotels would've been nice

This hotel never fails in the disappointment department.  They are not thorough when it comes to anything other than checking in.  Yes,  the hotel is often affordable,  but,  disappointing.  They should either train their staff to be more thorough, or fire everyone and start with a clean slate.  I'm just glad my company pays for this hotel and not me.

We stayed overnight. The rooms were well maintained, the staff was helpful and friendly. The bistro bar was great also.

Clean hotel, nice modern remodel, and nice employees.
The pool was dirty but they cleaned it the next day. Our room wasn't cleaned after our first night. We told the front desk and they asked us to leave the room "for a little while" at 7pm after being out all day and wouldn't give a time when it would be done. And it still wasn't cleaned by 8pm. We spoke with the manager and they apologized and made things right.

Great service, comfortable room, friendly staff.

My son was having surgery on his leg to remove a tumor. He was in a wheelchair. 
Your morning staff went above and beyond to help us and bless us. 
I can't say enough nice things about your morning staff this morning!!! 
We were crazy anxious and they were just so nice to us. 
THANK YOU. 
My son is recovering well.

Remodeled Hotel

Neat and clean.  Staff very nice

See previous comments----A1 Hotel.

An upgrade of a dying building. You can put lipstick on a pig.

Good hotel, only issues for us were temporary. One of the 2 elevators was not working and there was a bad smell every time you went out front. Other than that it was good.

Nicely decorated and staff is great. However hotel has had alot of wear and tear. Our shower had mold in one spot as did the shower curtain liner. One queen bed blanket had a stain on it...

I so disappointed in my stay I put in a complaint with the customer.care email I received a case number but no response yet. Doesn't feel like I've been heard and taken care of.

My favorite hotel in the world .I love courtyard Marriott University Austin🤠.The staff was really nice and the breakfast was super yummy.❤️😃🤠

Awesome.

Staff very friendly, hotel nicely decorated, rooms very clean, quiet and comfortable

Location, location, location... And it sucks!!! You can't walk anywhere. You can't get a cab or über easily and they all get confused with where this place is. The room was dank and gross, they fixed it. But the rooms are old. The elevator (1 or 4) was broke during our stay too. Over priced for what it was.

A little run down. So so staffing...

Perfect

Good location, good price. Recently remodeled, clean rooms. Food passes muster. Would stay here again.

Great service, great hotel. Outside of Austin and nothing in walking distance. Overall great value for the money

Very nice and clean hotel! Staff very friendly. The only bad thing , is that one of the elevators was out of service

Staff is very friendly, area was nice.

Good value for the price and location. The hotel has been renovated and improved in the last few years.

Good service and nice rooms.

Great hotel, location and staff

No free continental breakfast, our unmoveable shower head faced the wall instead of the tub, the curtain rod was broken making the curtain useless, and more than half of the lights in the room didn't work. The bed and pillows were comfortable. Location is 18 minutes from 6th street in Austin, otherwise there isn't much to do around the hotel.

Very nice and clean hotel, looks like it was renovated the staff very friendly and check in was a piece of cake. One of the elevators was out of service but that was not a problem with me they had other elevators....

Nice rooms

We enjoyed our stay. My only gripe is the breakfast, not many choices on the menu. The sandwich I ordered was not good. Staff were friendly. I would not stay again due to limited breakfast options.

Just be sure to ask for a room away from atria noise.

It was nice.

Amazing staff!

The room was fine, it was the service that was terrible. When I checked in Johnny got me checked in just fine, but when I asked the other front desk person called Michael about the cost of the room, she was quite short with me and rather cross that I'd have the audacity to even ask. Then when my friend asked for a comforter and then was only given a blanket, I called down and spoke to Brittany and she was also rude and rudely explained that they were out and only had blankets. Both these situations could have been resolved in a calm and professional manner, but the front desk staff wasn't so. After this experience I don't think I would stay at this Marriott again. Customer service staff is supposed to be professional and understanding, not rude.

Cable and nice bed. Great!

Worst service I've experienced so far, the woman in the reception is very rude

This is a decent hotel.  There was a lot of things that went wrong that became annoying.  Room was not fully serviced every day.  I did not find the hotel as clean as I would expect.  The bistro was nice but wouldn't accommodate my dietary restrictions.

Good service and clean rooms.

They seem to always be under renovation!  Can be quite annoying

Elevator was excruciatingly slow. All customers were complaining.  Service elevator was way too hot.  Lobby bar closed at 10:00 on a Thursday night in Austin - ludicrous.

Booked via priceline and they switched us to a nearby hotel. It wasn't very efficient they didn't even have the address of the other hotel on hand. I don't mind having to move but I would of appreciated a google map print out or notice before my arrival. Just not a very efficient or smooth process.

Our room was very attractive and comfortable. However, upon entering the bathroom, there was hair on the floor behind the open door. Then, found that there was even more in the bathtub. Yuck!!
All of the staff we encountered were very friendly and efficient.

Worst hotel I have stayed in years. Need to be tear down and rebuilt.

Elevators are down and the pool is dirty. Beds are comfortable rooms are clean and staff is friendly.

Awesome stay! They don't have a microwave in the room and they do not offer complimentary breakfast. Those are two major things for me since some sometimes I do travel with my children. Other than that I wouldn't hesitate staying again. Excellent customer service.

Clean hotel that will be improved once updates are complete.

This location is not a good one.The staff is not helpful at all especially if there is any kind of problem or issue. Some of the rooms and towels have a strong smell of curry. I was given a room that someone had obviously been in just minutes before I could smell it when I walked in and the suprised in the toilet confirmed it. I have had cleaner rooms and friendlier staff at lesser hotels.The management at this location is no help at all and would rather turn you away to another hotel rather than try to accommodate simple requests that other hotels will gladly help with.Steer clear. You have been forwarned.

Nice clean..

Friendly...very clean.

Nice pool

Clean room, fast internet. Good bar.

Elevator not working. Bummer

Appreciated the great service!

Great for visiting UT Austin.

Only one working elevator. Room on 9th floor. Had to walk up stairs.

If you plan on staying at this location, be aware that only 2 of 4 elevators are in working order. Request a very low level floor or do not plant to stay here at least until after Jan 1, 2018 to give them time to complete.

Very nice and clean. The remodel is nice. The elevators are slow but that's just a minor annoyance.

Very friendly staff. Comfortable beds.

We stayed here for our honeymoon after our first hotel turned out to be unacceptable. The front desk was amazing, gave us a military rate and breakfast on the hotel. Everyone was very polite. The only drawback was one of the elevators wasn't working but they told us that up front. Breakfast took a while to prepare but since it was free I'm not going complain.

If your looking for a room that is close to downtown, reasonable pricing, courteous staff and expected amenities you can't go wrong with this choice. Certainly not the most modern decor but all aspects in and about this property suggests it has good management.

Exceptional service and work ethic from Desk Clerk Johnny

Stayed at this hotel for one night. Check-in was easy, receptionist was polite. Kind of sucked the elevators were out and seemed like the lobby was humid and hot. Hotel was decent, just okay.

After my stay noticed there was a charge for $63, I tried calling and following up but no one answered the phone. Tried calling all the departments, no luck. I sent an email to customer service, received no response. Tried again for the second time and finally got a hold of someone. Also, had to call Marriot's customer service, when they tried transferring me to the hotel, it took them a couple tries to get a hold of someone.
The assistant manager basically said they couldn't find this receipt of the mysterious charge, told me that I would have better luck dealing with the credit company.

ALL I WANT TO KNOW IS HOW WAS MY CC INFORMATION STOLEN AND USED AT THE HOTEL? We were there for less than 12 hours [had to go to a graduation in the morning]. The only suspects is the hotel staff.

Good luck staying here, check your credit card statements.

Room not cleaned. New towels not brought to room and beds made until 8 pm at night. Shower did not work the next day. The shower was fixed. The elevator at our end of the hall stopped working over the weekend. Managers have bad attitudes and do not know how to run the hotel.

For the price, the room was fine. Nothing to write home about, but nothing usually stands out about a Courtyard.

Friendly Service, Everyone had a smile.

The room was clean, but the layout was not good for us. We tried this hotel because we were unhappy with another nearby hotel. There was one usable chair, and it wasn't That comfortable. They had a decorative chair That wouldn't workif you say in it for long. That being said, the staff at this hotel was amazing! They were friendly and always willing to help. If we come back when we have business, it will be because the staff was such a great group of people.

Dont let the exterior fool you. Nice hotel.

Not that close to the campus.

It was cool

The biggest plus of this hotel is the close proximity to family and friends!:)

I very much enjoyed my stay at the Courtyard Marriott. I always do! Originally, I had booked a different room at another hotel (non Marriott) to save some money on my trip, but didn't even end up staying through one night. You definitely get what you pay for, and Courtyard by Marriott is the best. It's clean, worth the price, and the staff is so friendly. The amenities are wonderful, and we were only minutes away from downtown. I will definitely stay here again the next time I'm in Austin.

This is the worst Courtyard I have stayed at. I  stay at Marriott's every week for work. I chose this courtyard for a weekend trip with the family and I was appalled at the lack of basic maintenance at this facility. This property is not like your typical Courtyards. It is a glass building. Which is fine, if you ever clean them! It looks so run down. The elevators were not working so all customers had to use an elevator in the back causing long waiting lines. The bedsheets in my room were worn out. The room was very small for the so called 'Executive King' room. The wood on the desk had bubbles in it. There were pens on the floor from the previous occupant. The sheets didn't give me a comfortable feeling. The mattress on one side was dipping so my wife ended up clinging to me through the night and I couldn't sleep. I don't know who they used for their interior decorations but the most hideous thing I have seen at the from desk - a black moss looking random structure plastered on the wall. I hope they remodel this place soon. Should have just stayed the at the Townplace across the street.

Other than two of the elevators unavailable due to upgrades, you'll have a perfectly pleasant stay here.  The rooms are spacious and clean.  The beds are moderately comfortable and the water pressure is fabulous.  The staff are all extremely pleasant!  Would recommend earplugs if you are a light sleeper because the AC unit was pretty loud. Otherwise, the only change I would make is a larger selection of snacks in their little market area.  

Also, right next to a seafood restaurant that had me very excited, but I DO NOT recommend.  Really marginal food, and I ended up throwing most of it away.

Lousy location; hard to access.  Should have been notified of construction-renovation of this property when making reservation.  Furniture and fixtures are dated, and appear to be re-used furniture from other applications.

When we arrived there was a problem with our tub drain. They comped us a breakfast, got it fixed the next day, and worked with us. They are not 5 star yet but they are working hard. Give them a try.

Although the hotel is in the middle of a remodel, it is always a great place to stay.  Its location, although north of downtown and University of Texas is close enough to enjoy Austin, Texas.

1) The location is great. 2) The facilities are fantastic. 3) The staff is friendly and promptly addresses problems, following up to make sure the solution was satisfactory.

Compared to other Great Courtyard Stays i have experienced I would stay this was just average

The staff made us feel welcome & were knowledgeable about Austin, making our stay easy.  Our room (#507) was comfy, with light colors, a King bed, plenty of storage, and lighting that was well-planned.  The bed was very comfortable, which we can't say often as we compare to our TempurPedic at home.  The only negative was that our window was either filthy or had warped tinting that ruined the view.

We had dinner & drinks at the Bistro; service was excellent!  The margarita was delicious, the sandwiches were creative and the cost was reasonable.  The free wi-fi was high-speed & reliable.  

The hotel uses "green" practices, and we were delighted to find a recycle trash can in the room.  :)  Although the hotel was busy, we had no problem getting an elevator, even though 1 of 3 was out of service.  The only noise we heard outside our room was doors slamming when guests weren't careful - but we have our Sleep Bug app to block those sounds.  Guests ranged from families with small children through young adults through senior citizens.  Parking was plentiful, and check-in/check-out was simple.  

We did not use the fitness center or pool.

My room was clean and updated. The bed was very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful. Even though the elevators were under maintenance, the wait was minimal. Very enjoyable stay.

This Courtyard Marriot is a typical version of a hotel, I wish I could say there was a WOW factor but not so much. The room was clean and spacious. We stayed in a room with 2 queens which was roomy for a family. The staff wasn't particularly friendly which is why i am giving it 4 stars. When I walked in for the first time I asked how to reach an upper floor. The staff looked at me like I was an idiot as the elevators were to my left a few steps away. Others okay place to stay and convenient to get to, if you don't mind Austin traffic.

Good remodel. Still working on elevators. Rooms are nice

Great area, close to downtown. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Rooms smelled and looked very clean. Had such a great time.

Had reservations for 2 rooms,  2 queen beds made two months back. Found out at check in that we only had one room with two queens.  The check-in guy was rude, blunt and his only reaction (at 11 pm) was " Do you want the 1 king bed or not"? Luckily the other lady at check in intervened and found us another 2 queen bedroom.  Pity Marriott Austin,  didn't expect this from you.  Also their bfast is very limited, kinda slow and is not self serve.  Not ideal for business travelers or families with kids. Have seen better hotels and Marriotts elsewhere.

Hotel was under renovation so elevators were limited and a little annoying, but the rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. I love that the air conditioner supplied the perfect amount of white noise to help with sleep. Staff was also super friendly. Loved the stay!

Thanks ..........................................................

Under renovation. Not the best access, but much better rate than downtown.

The room was beautiful and the staff was very friendly. Really enjoyed the late check out time as well! The barista at the on site Starbucks needs a bit more training,  however.

Well maintained hotel, even with lot of remodeling.

This property is pretty affordable during the MotoGP weekend!

Perfecta opción ubicado en downtown

Had to take stairs or wait forever. It would get stuck sometimes.

Muy pobre muchos problemas en el Hotel.

We live outside of the City. Attending events in town are often a challenge especially for late into the evening performances.  Location of hotel with ease of parking provided a good access to upscale dining as well as the performance venue.  Friendly hotel counter staff made the evening even more special.

Nice rooms, though pools looked much less nice in-person than in pictures.

We were very disappointed that the breakfast was not complimentary.  Maybe it was because it was a Saturday, I did not inquire.  But charging for yogurts and all other basic breakfast items was something I had not seen in quite a while.  We were surprised and annoyed enough to skip it and find something on the road.

Probably one of the more gross hotels I've stayed at in quite some time.  First, the hotel is under construction (which was never mentioned to me when I made the reservation). There was dust everywhere, the hotel smelled horrible and the room was absolutely disgusting.  The floor was wet, the bathroom had hair all over it, the towels were moist, and the bad smell permeated into my room.  Too many better options in Austin to stay here

Too many issues with the property.  Should offer lower rate due to construction.

It's a hotel. It does it's function. No more, no less.

Booked a suite, and they put me in a handicap room. The bathroom was basically a room with a curtain down the middle & the shower was so hard to turn on that maintenance had to assist me.

Ha estado bien el hotel, pero esperaba el desayuno incluido y no fue asi, por el resto muy bien

A good alternative to the expensive hotels downtown for the conventioner and visitors of Austin Texas.

Wonderful Hotel in the area great customer service great food

Very, very helpful staff and management

Overall great stay, staff was friendly and attentive. Definitely recommend for business travel and short stays.

Service was great...rooms and location are not so good.

Typical hotel. 3rd floor, one room by the elevator. Service was fine

Good service, good amenities, central location, overall very happy with experience.

Close to UT. Had good rooms

Staff were very friendly and the rate was very good. The rooms themselves are starting to show their age a lottle but overall a good experience. I would stay there again.

Courtyard Austin-University Area has hands down some of the most helpful and professional staff I have encountered in my 25 years of business travel. The beds are comfy and breakfast was good.

Check in was easy and I got a free upgrade to a suite! I appreciate the flexibility of the late check out. My only concern was that my room wasn't cleaned the first night and I saw little bugs in the bathroom the second night. Overall a decent hotel for the price and location. Close to downtown without the price of downtown

Terrible experience. I absolutely will NEVER stay at this hotel again not can I recommend it to anyone in all good conscience. The bathroom was dirty upon arrival. We asked for a pillow and were brought blankets. My husband purchased their brewed "Starbucks" coffee at their breakfast/bar area and explained the milk tasted bad, they assured him it was fresh. He brought it to the room and after I tasted it I opened the cup to find chunks of curdled milk inside the cup. It was nasty. We returned to the front counter where they apologized took the coffee off the room bill and offered us 5,000 points. Really? Very poor customer service, experience and engagement. Unlucky for you guys I work Iin marketing. I will be posting our experience to social media.

Sheets smelled bad, stale. Hallway smelled stale. Lounge staff calling customers "honey". Fingerprints on the entrance windows and doors. Hotel needs a good cleaning. Would not recommend.

Very confortable stay with all the basic amenities.

Fantastic staff. Old building. Not a ton of amenities, and the staff pretty much made my visit good.

Clean and affordable!

Clean and convenient

Room not done at times (???), general lighting broken and not repaired until day 3, horrible noise from the outside that windows cannot prevent. Worst stay ever.

The hotel was very comfortable and the staff were efficient  and very helpful.

Ok good but to expensive just to sleep six hours when I was told over the phone one price and was completely different in person

The staff were very kind and efficient for a large business group. We did not get to try the restaurant but the starbucks in the lobby has a nice setup. The rooms were clean but a little stuffy.

Great staff, made me feel welcomed and were funny and nice!  Room was clean and bed was cozy.

Wonderful stay and great staff.  Beds are extra comfortable

It is close to important point in Austin TX

Nice rooms, bathrooms ok

Old Courtyard and kinda run down.  Don't even bother having Housekeeping service your room, it's crazy bad.

Good atmosphere and convenient location

Very enjoyable stay. Will keep Courtyard in the forefront for future trips.

Solid hotel. Outdoor parking and a clean room with quick, friendly service. Not too far of a drive from the heart of Downtown Austin either.

Nice room for the price. Very clean.

Very friendly staff

Horrible experience! The front desk supervisor, Bernice, was extremely rude as I was trying to check in. So rude that I canceled my reservation. She should be fired!

Water pouring down from ceiling in lobby by breakfast area. Wouldn't honor reserved room type. Breakfast was still frozen.

Interesting building typical service.

Awesome hotel, good location, and great staff. One of my best stays in Austin.

Newly remodeled, good service, conference room overpriced

Everything was really good.

My fiancé and I just wanted a night away and this place was the most perfect. Great friendly staff and nice and quiet.

As a former road warrior consultant, I've probably checked into a hotel at least 1000 times.  This time was memorable.  I had the impression she was happy to see me.  So, whoever was working the evening of Feb2, I want to say thanks and you're awesome!

Check in was great and extremely helpful. The hotel looks nice until we went in our room. It was "clean" but had an odor and we found candy and dirty SOCKS left from previous visitors!

Great place!  And staff is amazing!!

Very nice

Very nice lobby, nice staff

Helpful friendly staff that helped accomplish what I needed.

Very updated hotel

Rooms were nice.  Fairly convenient to downtown.  Needs better walk-ability to get across the highway to convenience of shops and coffee.

The modern upscale theme just doesn't overcome the poor functionality of the actual accommodations. This isn't Europe the room is not big enough for two beds.  Seriously you should fire the architect on the lighting design in the room it took us several minutes to figure out how to turn on any lights. Minimalism only works if it functional.

Marriott quality every time!

Very nice lobby and dining area.

I have been all over the world and this is the first time I was treated like they cared and wanted my stay to be very good and it was

I was in for a long stay for business, enjoyed my entire stay.

This is a wonderful hotel.  The staff was amazing and I wish I could have taken the bed home with me.

It is a nice hotel overall, it appears there is some teething issues with what appears to be a remodel though. Our toilet was leaking, and an elevator wasn't working for some reason, but the rooms are pretty nice otherwise. The breakfast was pretty lacking also, mostly bagels, yogurt, muffins, and fruit, but no real breakfast food. For a cheap place to stay for a few days it's pretty good though.

Reasonable rates and clean rooms.  Near the highway with easy accessibility.

Clean with comfortable rooms, easy access to the highway, and close to a few dining options. Not bad at all.

Good rooms...

A really nice place to stay at .
very clam area.

Good rooms and staff. Outlets are loose, lighting setup is less than optimal.

Don't stay at this hotel
 The check in person named Omini was very very rude and and welcoming.  phone didn't work. Bathtub didn't drain. Could hear noise from I 35

Very friendly staff and really close to the university.

Average stay. Food service personnel poor.

My room was missing a microwave.  Just staying one night so it wasn't worth switching rooms.  Lots of highway noise.

This is my go-to hotel when traveling on business to Austin. I like the rooms, the layout and the convenient location. I can't put my finger on it, but it feels more expensive than other courtyard hotels with Marriott's corporate look! Easy five stars.

Friendly service great location

It's a nice enough hotel. Nothing bad to say about it. Obviously not a high end hotel but I wouldn't be ashamed to recommend it to others.

The service was phenomenal and was a very comfortable environment

Noisy elevator. Kept us up most of the night.

Our stay was very pleasing!  The rooms were excellent, staff was very nice and friendly and we didn't have any issues what so ever.  Even at that, staff went above and beyond to help me.  I checked out and forgot my ipad in the room.  Housekeeping was very professional and turned it in allowing Bernice to be able to mail that back to me.  Bernice is very knowledgeable and very helpful. So i would like to thank you and staff for helping me get my ipad, i really appreciate your help.  Thank you!

Great service, friendly staff.

Worst customer service outdated dirty rooms..will never stay again..

Hard to distinguish between this and surrounding hotels

All was very good. I do not like to be told that I have to use a number of letter to tell you what I think.

The location of the hotel was very good as it is close to the campus and there are a lot of dining choices.  We mainly ate at the Bistro in the hotel - breakfasts were fast and tasty and quite a few choices.  What made our stay exceptional was the quality of the staff especially Anthony, Ltesha and Ommaney at the front desk.  Bistro staff was also efficient, helpful and very friendly.

Excellent staff! Everyone is very friendly and make you feel right at home. The rooms are clean and spacious, however, a bit dark. We enjoyed our stay and decided to book an additional night. I would recommend.

I was very unhappy will the manager at check in. I booked and paid for a king and after checking in and going to our room we discovered that was not what we got. When we asked the manager she said " you did book a king size bed but we gave it to another person who is a platinum member, you are guaranteed a room but not the one you book, the room we gave you is all we have". She then said " i can add breakfast". We made our reservation four weeks in advance. The manager the next morning at checkout was much more helpful, I would have preferred her to the the rude person the day before. We will not be returning.

I called multiple times and the person that picked up hung up.  Great customer service

Hotel is just average, but the rooms are great!

Great location.

Needs maintenance attention but nice staff

II was extremely enjoyable. WI'll go again.

Just a standard quality of Courtyard. You would have to wait for a long time to get something for breakfast there. There are not a lot of options of restaurants around here.

Great service

Great service!

Friendly staff. Traffic in rush hour bad. Convenient location. Noisy elevator

Its okay. But I have stayed and seen better Court-Yard Marriott's. This hotel needs a little bit of maintenance

The concierge staff were great, very helpful.

Good stay, great food !

Great room comfortable bed but room smelled of smoke.  Hotel staff made up food it with free breakfast.

Rooms are clean but need updating. Things like the outlets weren't working, no soap dish in the shower, etc, lessened the experience

The Internet was decent, but the bathroom was really lacking. The hotel feels a bit old

I left an ipad in my room that was supposed to be returned to me a week ago and still hasn't shipped!

Great spot and accessible to downtown Austin.

We were not allowed to change our dates - not cancel, just change - without incurring the cancellation penalty.  We are elderly and it was a stormy day for our drive from Dallas to Austin.

This location and accomodations were convenient for getting to and from ACL

Dependable quality of a courtyard

It was ok. I just needed a few more hours of sleep but it wasn't happening lol
 The room was convenient and I wished I had a lower floor but it was ok

It is in a sketchy part of town for a work event. The first week it was infested with crickets and the staff wasn't too friendly. The music in the lobby was so loud you could hear it in our conference room.

Met clients there before heading to a meeting. They had a coffee bar and offered a great breakfast

When we got to the hotel, we were informed that the water wouldn't be working til 5 which was fine since they gave us notice, but would have also been nice to know at the time of booking as it would appear they had enough notice to be aware of this. Additionally, the hotel was rather noisy and when I dropped something on my floor and went to pick it up, the floor wasnt exactly clean. Understandably, it was a floor but nevertheless I'd have expected a thorough vacuum after each guest's departure.

Beautiful hotel went here one night with my boyfriend to explore Austin and everyone was friendly and very helpful. Would stay here again!

Hotel was convenient to school and still close enough to downtown and airport. Clean and comfortable, nice amenities. Would recommend

Check in was a snap, easy big parking lot, ordered cabs when needed, just a great place all the way around.

Hotel is a mixed bag, rooms are dated, but clean. Small lobby, small bar that closes at 9:30 on weeknights - nice staff. Not the usual for a Marriott but adequate.

Entry is tricky from the service road, but this Courtyard is conveniently located mins from UT and downtown Austin.  The staff are extremely pleasant, and the rooms are clean and comfortable.  Hotel location is safe with plenty of parking. Has a seafood and Mexican restaurant within walking distance.

Nice

Marriott always surpasses our expectations. Unfortunately having somebody try and enter your room while you are sleeping is disconcerting and weighs heavily on taking an overall favorable experience and making that the focus of you experience. That being said we will remain loyal to Marriott and will continue to recommend Marriott properties to everyone.

Comfortable beds
Very clean

Awesome staff

I found the hotel rooms a bit outdated. The lighten in room was terrible. The bar is ok but service was a bit slow. I didn't get a cookie upon check-in,  I guess it's no longer offered at Courtyards.

Good

We were expecting breakfast included for the price most other hotel offer.

Not bad but not nice much.

Front desk help on arrival or anytime there after was sloppy in appearance, seemed highly disinterested in helping me or anyone else - almost like they were there just to collect a paycheck and put their time in - highly unprofessional.
Lobby, Restaurant, Front Entrance was nasty! Everything in the public spaces looked like they hadn't dusted anything in a year. Furniture needed polishing, carpets were dirty and windows needed cleaning - BADLY! 
The only saving grace was the room I stayed in. It was nice and clean, A/C worked great and the bedding was luxurious to sleep in. Sheets and pillows were of nice quality. The one tissue thin blanket was a let down though. I have worked in the hospitality industry and I have to say that this hotel would have rated a D in my book. I would have given it an F if the bed wasn't so good.

This place is awesome five stars loves it loves it loves it.

Bit getto location...

I had to stay here because my apartment got severe water damage. The Courtyard Marriott made it as easy as possible to accommodate me and make sure that I didn't have extra stress on my plate. The room is very comfortable, WiFi is fast enough, and the common areas, bar and pool, are nice features. Would definitely stay here if I were coming in from out of town.

Our stay at this property was awful! No housekeeping even after we asked them to clean our room 3 different times during our stay! Elevators do not work which makes wait so long to get in and out of the hotel! We had to take the stairs several times! We could hear dogs barking all night. The noise was so unbearable! I will never stay here again!

1. AC went out
2. Got locked out of my room 3 times, got locked in my room 4 times.  Had to end up moving rooms.
3. Wake Up call - The front desk never called. He said he was not watching the clock.
4. Tub did not drain
5. Not properly staffed at the front desk

Must I go on?

Room was clean and neat upon arrival. Check in went well despite me coming in at 9am.

Service was great and the receptionist was courteous and very informative.

10/10 would stay again.

The staff was professional and I liked decor in room.

Room was not ready at check in. They did not have extra blankets or pillows available. Elevator next to the room was extremely loud all night. Staff was courteous though.

A nice hotel 10min north of downtown. Easy can ride from downtown. Free parking and good staff.

Very friendly and helpful staff.  Room was clean, bed was comfortable.  Enjoyed the Starbucks in the morning and the breakfast sandwich was good, but a little pricey.  I would highly recommend this hotel.

Great hotel and excellent and easy to get to the University of Texas campus

Location periferica rispetto alla città, posizione comunque ben servita ed adiacente a lle principali freeway. Servizio eccellente, ottima colazione, personale disponibile ed efficente. camere pulite e ben arredate

The hotel was nice and clean. Food service was lacking on a Sunday night, but there was a nice seafood restaurant next door that had excellent service

Muy limpio

Great location close to downtown and restaurants.  Rooms were very nice and spacious. Staff were very friendly.  Would definitely recommend to friends and family.

Great rooms and very friendly service

If your going to stay here, get a big discount. It's superficially remodeled with low grade decor that just looks good at first glance.

This is a terrible location if you are wanting to be close to six street. The check in staff was beyond friendly and so was the maintenence staff. However, the property was outdated, dirty, and the a/c issues we're non stop. The 9th floor felt like Texas summer inside,our rooms we're lacking a/c. At one point we called to have someone come check the air and he did. He was very helpful and kind but the issue started up again not long after. The rooms we're very small and doesn't accommodate three people. The restrooms are small and wouldn't accommodate anyone with children. The door to our room wouldn't shut out open without at least 3 trys. In the end I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone unless I didn't like them and wanted them to have a terrible trip.

Rooms are clean, well appointed with comfortable beds.

The hotel is very pretty. The decor is nice, and the rooms are clean and comfortable. But they are very dark. There were only three lamps in our room (one of which was very dim), and they were not sufficient. Also there is no complimentary breakfast. I'm sure it said that online, but I must have overlooked it. So that was my fault, but it was still a disappointment. Also one elevator was down for "preventative maintenance" (even though we never saw anyone working on it), and the other elevator was super slow. But the staff was very friendly, and the rooms were comfortable. The fitness center was not great: just a couple of treadmills and a rack of Dumbbells.

Location is central Austin and was easy to get to.  Room design a little weird staff at Bistro wasn't the friendliest

This hotel is old and should be shutdown not renovated...maybe they are still in the process but the fridge is really small has a two hour only cool setting then shuts off.  Water pressure in shower was low,and faucet had to be set to a certain exact point to get pressure...everything just looked old masked with new stuff

Nice place

The room was very nice and clean and the staff was super . Very good place to stay

The staff at the Courtyard in Austin went above and beyond what is normal.  Arrangements and advise made our trip so smooth and enjoyable.  Great local recommendations on food, sites to see etc.  Talisha (not sure of spelling) was amazing.  She made and changed on several occasions arrangements for us with no problems.  She made our visit totally enjoyable.

It had really comfortable beds And slept nice

Great hotel. Had a corporate event here and the facilities are top notch, and the hospitality of the staff was outstanding. Highly recommend.

Needs updating, and to be cleaned!! First appearances are everything

If I could it again. I would of paid a little bit more and stayed at another hotel that is cleaner and everything in the hotel is working properly and not making strange loud noises that keeps you up all night. The AC was either too cold or too hot. No median

The room stunk when we first walked in. Their was hair and tooth brushes in the restroom left behind from previous individual. Complained to the front desk and they offered a bag so I could clean the room myself.

Large meeting space, nice bistro/bar, clean rooms with luxurious bed

I have said enough as to your asset. Fix it and work on the small details. They are ones that count. Your staff is exceptional so dont ship them off. Keep them and pay them what they deserve...that is truly the competitive edge. MDO

Great stay overall. Thanks

One elevator works.   You have to pay for breakfast.   Old and outdated.

Sleeping space in the suite was a bit minimal but we made it work!

The rooms were spacious and confortable

It is an average courtyard,  could use some updating. I felt like I entered a college dorm.

Manager would not provide uograde because I was "only a Gold member". I askes to dble xheck that because I always receive them and she wouldn't. She mentioned she'd only been there 4 months when I first began talking with her and yet she was sure? Why couldn't she have checked? When I called customer service to ask if I was wrong they said no, I was right. They called her and she denied eveything--lied and said she had even checked for an upgrade and had only told me they were out of suites (on a Monday?). Whatever. There's a huge difference between what actually happened and her story and she refused to be accountable for being wrong. Housekeeping also did not leave wash cloths one day, didn't clean at all when I got back from work at 4pm one day, and decaff coffee wasn't left. The front desk lines were pretty long the last few days I waa there w only one person at front desk. They seem to be undertsaffed and undertrained which often may lead to disappointing customer service and quality experiences. Will stay at the Courtyard on south 35 in the future where they provide microwaves on request, or Residence Inn across the highway where it is cleaner and they remember your name, or the Renaissance where upgrades are always offered and you don't have to ask and be lied to.

Hotel staff are friendly, room was clean and comfortable

We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. My daughter and I were touring UT and stayed here the night before. Great place!

Por la atension

Very comfortable courtyard that has been recently remodeled (minus the shower itself). Stayed her for business, met all expectations and will stay again while in the area.

Stay somewhere else. This hotel has a nice lobby but our room was not.

Everything is close by. Shops, entertainment, restaurants. Loved it.

Good service, clean rooms. Just wish they had free breakfast. ;P

Super clean rooms. Friendly and attentive staff. Pool had a lot of foliage from nearby trees but staff came out to clean it.

First room was 80 degrees, then at 10:00 PM, we asked for a new room and front desk person was rude.  Took over 20 mins to put us in a new room, after an exhausting day.  New room had bugs and urine on toilet seat.

Good room not bad

Loved everything about this hotel!

typical Marriott Courtyard lodging experience except for the bar / bistro.  Wow,  I expected lame hotel food, soggy wings and weak drinks however exemplary staffers Lauro and Alexis kicked ass and won me over!   I'm platinum on a Untied and would be  stellar status at Four Seasons if they had a point program......grrrrrrrrrr!   Rooms are typical but service and food at the bar/bistro won me over!!!  I'll be back!!!

We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott on 6-22-16.  We were greeted by Michael and Telesha and were given an upgrade to our room as we checked in.  They were also very helpful in getting a taxi for us to get to our concert on time.  The room was very comfortable and the bed was great!  I also enjoyed sitting at the pool the following morning enjoying the cool breeze.

We will definitely consider staying at the Courtyard Marriott again on our next visit to Austin, Texas.

Staff is awesome, Charles and Michael are always there to help

Excellent

Es un hotel clásico de courtyard , muy limpio , buenas camas y piezas de muy buen tamaño . El desayuno es hasta las 9,30 ya que es un hotel ejecutivo y es del starbucks , una rica piscina , estacionamientos sin cobro y la gente es muy amable . También les cuento que está pegado a la carretera por lo tanto es muy fácil moverse a todos lados muy central y silencioso

Decent.

Great staff and stay!

Comments have already been noted in a previous sceen

Staff was excellent. Went above and beyond. Keep up the good work!

Courteous staff, clean and quiet place.

The stay at this specific property was beyond terrible. The young man who checked me in did a phenomenal job. However my check-out and afterwards was a nightmare. I called this property cause I left a belonging there & Charles picked up and assisted me (I guess) and he states that there were three rooms booked under my name & I asked him how is that when I only booked one & stayed in one (Room 924) to be exact. He did not answer my question at all, so when I asked to speak with a manager he told me "No." Firmly so I asked again not believing that he actually had the audacity to tell me no he then hung up. I call back & another gentlemen answers and I explain to him I'm looking for an item I left in the room as well as I need to speak with a manager. He then transfers me to the manager, I left S voicemail for Amanda I believe and I have yet to hear back from her in regards to my item or one of her rude employees who does not show respect to customers. I do plan on going back to that location and speak with someone directly, cause this is not how you operate a multiplayer million dollar company at all. I am not pleased with any of this at all.

Management needs to be more supportive. to their guest

Cleanliness is subpar

Had to go back and forth three times to get a room key that worked. Other than that the stay was fine

I wish the hotel had told me when I booked that they were a hotel for the motorcycle convention in town.  It was noisy with the music and loud engines.  My family was separated into two rooms too far from one another.

The hotel provided excellent service.  The overall expense was decent.  Will stay there again.

Very poor service and dirty rooms

Awesom

Overall, this is a decent hotel with pleasant and respectful staff, but there are maintenance/cleanliness issues.  The elevators were not working well, and there were cleanliness issues in the hallways and in the room.  We felt the hotel was not up to Marriott standards.  The last night of our stay, our sleep was disrupted by a group of bikers having a party in the parking lot, and the staff seemed reluctant to do much about it.  In general, though, the Bistro was well equipped, the pool was nice, and the staff seemed happy to accommodate personal requests, including tracking down nutritional information on food.  The parking lot is huge, so even if they are full, there shouldn't be any problem finding a place to park.  The location right off of the interstate is also nice.  If you are not expecting the usual standards expected from a Courtyard Marriott, this is an okay place to stay, but be prepared for some things to not work properly or not to be as clean as might be expected.  If you can get past all of that, then you will be happy staying here.

The rooms are very nice, clean, and spacious.  The staff was very friendly

Great accommodations. Friendly staff

While my stay was neither extraordinary nor horrific, I felt compelled to write a review to provide the business with some customer insight. Upon check in, the front desk attendant was decent. He was not enthusiastic, but he also was not rude. The second time I returned, the front desk attendant was not very helpful. I had an unusual situation that I needed assistance with and she essentially told me that she was unable to help and would have a manager call me the next day. I received no phone call, and when I left the hotel in the morning, I saw that she was still working at the front desk. I still have yet to resolve the matter I had presented to her and am slightly frustrated that I will need to call yet again to speak to someone else and explain my situation. I have been a loyal Marriott customer for a few years now and absolutely love the chain and would prefer it to its competition, therefore this unusually unconvincing stay will not sway me from choosing this chain in the future. Essentially, I believe that customer service in the hotel industry is extremely important, and while I don't think that the customer service I received was horrible, I do believe that it is not up to the standards that the Marriott corporation prides itself on.

While my stay was neither extraordinary nor horrific, I felt compelled to write a review to provide the business with some customer insight. Upon check in, the front desk attendant was decent. He was not enthusiastic, but he also was not rude. The second time I returned, the front desk attendant was not very helpful. I had an unusual situation that I needed assistance with and she essentially told me that she was unable to help and would have a manager call me the next day. I received no phone call, and when I left the hotel in the morning, I saw that she was still working at the front desk. I still have yet to resolve the matter I had presented to her and am slightly frustrated that I will need to call yet again to speak to someone else and explain my situation. I have been a loyal Marriott customer for a few years now and absolutely love the chain and would prefer it to its competition, therefore this unusually unconvincing stay will not sway me from choosing this chain in the future. Essentially, I believe that customer service in the hotel industry is extremely important, and while I don't think that the customer service I received was horrible, I do believe that it is not up to the standards that the Marriott corporation prides itself on.

Upgraded to a suite for free..room and view were awesome...no complaints

Courtyard Marriott is a great hotel conveniently located next to two major highways. The rates are some of the best in the area and is a short drive to attractions such as UT campus, sixth street, and zilker park. It is hard to find due to construction around the area but that will get better once everything is done, just look for captain bennys and turn in

The hotel did not have our room in the system. They upgraded our room to a suite because of their error.

Due to the fact that the front desk staff was not helpful and remained on hold for over 45 minutes at two different times the ice machine not working and of the three elevators only one was working on a regular basis I would consider another hotel

Very nice and clean place.  The help were nice people.

The front desk people were courteous but ineffective.  I tried to determine what time breakfast was served and the phone rang busy for 30 minutes.  I actually had to call reservations to determine what time breakfast was served.  
I traveled with my wife and three kids. In order to accommodate everyone, I booked a kind suite with a pull out and had a roll away bed brought in.  The pull out couch was only a single bed – this is the first time I have seen this.  Even though we had a king suite with a pull out, we would have had better sleeping arrangements with two double beds.  Even with the roll away being brought in, we had someone sleeping on the floor.  There were no blankets provided for the pull out so I had to go downstairs and wait for 15 minutes in line at 10:30 to get two sets of blankets for the kids.
When we came down in the morning I complained to the front desk attendant telling her that I paid an extra $80 to get a room that only slept 3.  She told me she was sorry and tried to call the manager.  Of course he did not answer his cell phone.  She told me she would give me 5,000 points on my account and that the manager would call me.  I have not seen the points nor has the manager called me.
Breakfast was also a nightmare.  As we walked over to place our order, I overheard someone speaking to the front desk attendant saying yeah but I do not want them spitting in my food.  I brushed it off as an unhappy customer and moved on.  I had purchased the breakfast option at check in and of course our name was not on the list.  I went to the desk to confirm and she assured me we should have been on the list as we had paid for it. 
We determined what we were allowed to order from the menu finally as the employee had a very hard time explaining it, and we placed our order.  It took a very long tim

The location was great for me to get in and out of where I needed to be (Austin ISD PAC). I was able to find eating places within driving distances from this location. The staff was very courteous when I asked for a late check-out. I will most definitely stay at this location again.

I delivered food here. The parking lot is top notch. That's all I saw of it before I left.

Great price, went through price line. Room was nice, view and location are great, only down side was the bathroom was pretty bad. The bathroom looked like it was in the middle of a remodel. Would stay again.

Near to university, older and smaller rooms.

I would stay at courtyard Marriot again but I would request a suite away from elevator

Don't recommend it I would much rather stay at the spring hill suites that's just a little north of Austin and drive where I need to go.

the overall impression is that this property is not up to marriott  standards

Shower walls were dirty, previous washcloth still hanging over curtain rod was moldy. Why was my coffee maker and cups on the bathroom sink counter? Sheer curtain covering large bathroom window offered no privacy, but I did have a nice view staring at highway traffic and the ppl in the building across while sitting on the toilet. Unfortunately, at night with the bathroom light on, the view is reversed.

Only 1 elevator was working and they placed  me in a room right by the elevator, so it was nice listening in on all the conversations from my room while  they were waiting for an elevator.

Little dirty, poor amenities

Really bad location, right next to the freeway. In the night, it is hard to sleep due to noise from the freeway.

The hotel itself is really old. It has a stinking odour. Bathrooms are really bad, and the bath tub did not drain. Water was not hot. This is a terrible property.

There are no restaurants or anything nearby.

The people were the only saving grace. They were nice.

spend more time cleaning the rooms. Perhaps its time to upgrade the carpets and furniture which are showing signs of age

Stay elsewhere; plenty of better options nearby!

This is true not only for Marriott, but for many hotels. STOP PUTTING THE SHAMPOO and CONDITIONER ON THE SINK. I forget to bring them into the shower, and then I realize I dont have them and I have to get out to retrieve them. It may make a pretty presentation, but put them in the shower instead.

Very friendly staff and clean environment. Room was spacious with decent lighting. Beds were clean and comfortable. Overall a pleasant stay. The location of the hotel is only 10 mins from 6th Street, about a $8 uber ride.

Most construction is complete, so the hotel is looking nicer. Had some issues with my shower, but I'd chalk it up to construction issues.

A clean, quiet room. A little disappointed in the pool (cement cube off the lobby/dining area). But a fine stay for the price. Location was a little out of the way but Austin had plenty of car-share options.

This property is conveniently located close to downtown and the University, but average in terms of comfort and amenities. Staff are extremely helpful and friendly. Perfect if your in town for business or to move your kid into the dorms at UT. Nice little restaurant and bar onsite that offers a decent happy hour if don't with to be downtown in the evening. Overall clean and convenient, but I'd only recommend this property if you don't really plan to spend much time here other than to sleep. Not much within walking distance of the area and didn't really look all that safe to do so anyway.

The hotel was dirty, the water was turned off from 10 am to 4 PM every day, and the management was clueless to the state of their hotel, go else where!

Dirty room. Small bathroom
Bathroom door didn't have a handle or any way to move it. 2nd room there was no hot water

Everything at hotel - staff, room, restaurant etc.. was fine. Only issue is to know how to avoid I - 35 traffic and use alternate route to visit Austin area

Great location. It's near many restraunts including ihop. Rooms were relatively comfortable to be in

Hotel ca. 10 Minuten mit dem Taxi vom Convention Center in Austin entfernt. Das Zimmer war sauber, das Bett vollkommen in Ordnung. Das Personal war durchweg freundlich, weitere Serviceleistungen wurden nicht in Anspruch genommen.

Fazit: Ein gutes und sauberes Hotel zu einem angemessenen Preis.

Good location, comfortable stay.

Upon checking in, we were informed that the hotel would have no water, starting the next morning. No reduced rate or other compensations were offered. The TV in our room barely worked, with most stations unavailable.

This place is beautiful and the workers there are so kind and respectful! Would go again!

Room was perfect clean. Staff was nice and took care of us.

Pretty good for the money. Staff is very nice but rooms just OK. Got stuck right by elevators. So loud it was almost unbearable. Staff tried to help but since we were staying using points I think that our complaints were not a big priority.

Service was great for the most part. Sadly hotel is in the midst of some renovation. Wifi was down for a whole evening preventing any work being done. Avoid any *14 room as they are right in front of the elevator which is quite audible all night. Got very little sleep. The double room beds are very short for a 6'2" individual as well.

The hotel was amazing so many comforts and the staff makes you feel at home.

There were numerous issues with the hot water as well as water in general not working. I discussed these with the manager one morning after being forced to take a ice cold shower but received no feedback or help. Maid service never brought me new towels and forgot to come 2 days in a row. My floor also had a very strong paint / chemical smell that carried over into the room. I was told this was due to construction on the pipes. With the numerous hotels in the area I would not recommend staying at this one.

The rooms on the 9th floor smell like sewage. After 2 hours of them telling me they are completely booked, they give an open room two doors down. The women that came to give my wife and I the keys was clearly intoxicated( on who knows what). The night manager  Gabriel mugisha was smug and offered no help. My business, family and friends will never stay here again.

Nice people, however, we were placed facing the highway noise, right next to the elevator, on a party floor and didn't get any sleep!!! We only stayed one night. Otherwise the hotel was fine.

Totally recommend staying at this hotel! It's a very clean and relaxing hotel.

Service was awesome great room service

I was booked in to a very nice spacious room. When room was booked I called and ask them to assign a room as far as away from the elevator as possible, since I am a very light sleeper. This is what I got. Room right next the elevator, which was really loud. The toilet had 3 big chunks of tabacco floating in it.  A red sticky stuff all over bottom of tub. And a lock which required the key to be swiped six times before you could get in the room. I asked to be moved due to dirty noisy room. They moved me all right. Two floors down right next to the noisy elevator again. But at least this room is clean.

Nice hotel but not in the best of shape.

The staff was wonderful and helpful.
Elevators have apparently been a problem at this hotel for sometime and they have opened up the service elevator in the laundry room.  Water pressure was a problem on the 7th floor which affects temperature regulation.

Needs a good refresh of the bathrooms and room furnishings.

Clean

Nice hotel, nice rooms. Friendly staff.

We stayed at the Marriott University Area Courtyard during the beginning of January 2016, and were surprised at the amenities received for the price.  The newly renovated room was spacious and had high-end furnishings.  The staff was very professional and  genuinely courteous. Staff called us a taxi to the clubs, and the lobby restaurant was more than adequate for our needs. We highly recommend.

Its clean, great service, great location, the works are actually happy to be at work and help customers. Prices are amazing for how amazing the rooms are.

Horrible stay. Horrible stay. Horrible stay. Horrible stay.

It was a very pleasant stay and the room was very clean. Would definitely recommend!

I was delightfully surprised. Don't let the surroundings fool you

I would highly recommend this hotel to the family get aways or weekend trips. The location is easily accessible and it is in a part of town away from the busy streets of the downtown area.

I would rather the facilities as adequate but somewhat dated, and employees as pleasant. There are better hotels, but this is good to very good considering the price.

Very convenient to Mueller Blvd, and a short drive to downtown and university area. Clean rooms, great service and food service on location. Hard to beat!

A renovation was done since the last time I stayed at this hotel. Overall, it is a nice property situated in a good location with direct access to I-35 in the University of Texas area. Room was a nice size, clean and all amenities worked just fine. A solid 3-star hotel in my book.

Easy Check in. Good staff. Very quiet.

THIS PROPERTY WAS FILTHY AND WHILE THEY ATTEMPTED TO UPDATE THE PROPERTY OVERALL IT WAS DONE IN A HAPHAZARD WAY.

If you stay there do not stay near elevators on 1st or 2nd level. Other than that it was very nice and clean.

Employees were very pleasant and helpful. Room was comfortable and clean with a good bed and nice shower. Lost my wallet getting out of a car out front and wallet was returned in tact by front desk. Had a great three day stay and would recommend this hotel.

Nice enough room but the bathroom leaves a lot to be desired. The tub looks resurfaced and half of that seems to be peeling away. Found hair in the tub too. Took several minutes of running water before it got hot,on the 7th floor.

Very attentive personnel, ready to assist with any needs. Room was nice. Had recently finished a renovation on the hotel and spruced everything up! Definitely recommend starting there!

This hotel promises that if you don't use housekeeping you will get 250 bonus points per night. I did not receive those points and had to contact the hotel. I still have not received those points. Otherwise...a very average stay.

Really like this hotel when in Austin. Convenient location and newly remodeled. Great staff and lots of good dining options nearby.

Needed a 1/2 way marker from Dallas TX to home; Austin TX was the agreed upon locale. Overall, once arriving it was a good overnight stay.

Great experience. quick check in and check out

This is the worst Courtyard I have ever stayed at.

If your happy to throw your money away feel free to say. We left after 1 night. No complementary breakfast anymore made to order expensive food horrible. Only 1out of 3 elevators working. Broken equipment in gym. Staff didn't care when we compmained. Movedvto another Marriott property next door and was happy.

Modern upgrades, clean and roomy accomodations. The staff was very accomadting and kindly addressed all of our needs in a friendly and efficient manner.

Exceptional service with a smile!!!

Here for training on U D S System, Central Care Integrated  Health Services

This place was just renovated so It's clean and the rooms are comfy. Be warned, however, breakfast is not included with your stay.

I had been here for a day and a half and on the second night I called down and told the guys there was a slow leak in the  bathroom  from the ceiling  and I did it about 3 more times and got the same response woke up at 6 a.m. and has to piss slipped fell on my ass the whole floor was soaked and didn't get any gratitude from the front desk  I didn't feel like they were truly trying to do anything but get me in a different room and a downgrade won't be  staujngg here ever

Place just got refurbished but the staff are clueless and can ruin your experience if you care about anything other than your room.

sheets on the bed were not changed from previous occupant, shower water was not hot and there was not a soap rack installed in the shower.

I liked the new renovations done to the hotel and Ali at Check-in was fantastic, due to this I will return each month to this location.

I was very impressed by the prompt and quality of service by all the staff I encountered during my stay. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean! I would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this property to others traveling in the Austin area.

We stayed here while attending a conference at UT. There were some young adults one night having a party, slamming doors, etc. I called front destination at 2am. She said, unless I knew EXACTLY what room, she couldn't help me and besides, it's Halloween! It was NOT Halloween and why is that an excuse for me not to sleep when I'm paying to sleep?! I'll never stay here again.

The Courtyard Marriott - Austin University Area is a great place to stay. The price was reasonable and the rooms are spacious and comfortable.

Room looked nice. Shower lacked pressure and didn't get very hot.

Great place. Had a great night stay. Staff was helpful and knowledgable. Rooms were very clean.

Ok given the district and price...limited local food options, can be noisy with other patrons and traffic at night, probably wouldn't stay here again.

I was one of the announcers for the Formula 1 race at Circuit of the Americas, and the track organized and paid for my room, and one would have thought that the hotel putting its best foot forward to create a positive and potentially productive relationship with the track would have been a good idea and on the forefront of management's mind. Sadly, that wasn't the case.

On the upside...the staff at the "bistro" restaurant were superb in general, Priscilla in particular, just great! For upside, really, that was it.

The negatives are a huge issue. I travel often and all over, and this property quite possibly had the worst housekeeping staff I've ever encountered. I won't go thru a litany of all the issues, but it started with a room that smelled like the Marlboro Man had lived there, and it NEVER got deodorized properly. Plus, depending on the day, my room was either NEVER cleaned (even tho the latest I left for the track was 9a) or only partially "tidied up" with no trash emptied or fresh hand towels and washcloths. And, on one day when they actually did empty the trash, they THREW AWAY the complimentary breakfast coupons the front desk offered to me to try to do something to make up for the terrible treatment for the housekeeping staff! Amazing!

Which leads to my final point, namely that the front desk staff attempted to be responsive and thorough to the many issues I had with housekeeping, tho they had difficulty keeping up with housekeeping's gross incompetence or, perhaps more accurately, their clear "couldn't care less" attitude.

But, in the end, it was a generally thoroughly unpleasant experience, and at this point there is simply NO way I would ever stay there again of my own choice, nor could I at this point in good conscience recommend this property to any friends/colleagues or to the track as a place to have subcontractors, vendors or VIPs stay.

Not satisfied with not being able to shower in the morning

We were at the hotel for a wedding and most of the people staying in the block of rooms complained that housekeeping was not cleaning their rooms. We had to request towels multiple times.

The problem with the television was actually the satellite reception being poor due to the hurricane, thus it was unreported.

This is the worst Courtyard property I have experienced.

Awesome value and location

the staff were very attentive professional the hotel is clean and quiet great location great rates couldn't ask for more from a hotel of its caliber.

Not great.

We stayed here for formula 1 weekend. We waited last minute to book hotel rooms and many were completely booked out or unreasonably high. Finding courtyard Marriott I was a little worried (normally I wouldn't stay in a hotel under 4 stars) but the staff here is AWESOME! It was a very rainy weekend and they made sure to have towels and other amenities to accomadate guests. They serve Starbucks and had a build your own Bloody Mary bar.. The hotel was just remodeled and the only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the bathrooms - they didn't remodel them.

This hotel is conveniently located. The staff are warm and professional. Nice rooms with good amenities.

good business hotel for weekly or daily travel

Hotel had everything you need for a business trip. The room was nice and spacious and good internet. Bathroom was fine, if not a little dated. There is nothing really in the surrounding area, so you need to take Uber/ taxi everywhere. The location is still 3-4 miles to the university, so the University area is slightly misleading, especially if you are from the UK where 3-4 miles is generally the other side of town. All in all a good stay.

Clean, efficient, well thought out with service oriented staff who are pleasant. Rooms are clean and well stocked. I felt safe and secure in my room and did not worry about my belongings. The towels, bed, and coffee maker all met my needs, too. It was also a good value, as I found a place cheaper, but I learned from the reviews it was not worth the $20 per night savings.

The hotel is off the busy I 35 corridor enough to enjoy a quiet nights sleep. We've stayed at others and it was very noisy. Good breakfast and service from staff. Def be back for our next lacrosse tournament at UT!

I brought my two daughters, 2 nephews and my niece for a quick mini vacay. We were only able to stay one day and it was well worth it! The hotel had much to offer and my kids are already planning our next visit. Thanks Courtyard!

Seedy area, air units don't act right

Very helpful staff. Provided suggestions for area restaurants. Allowed early check in.

Always enjoy staying here

I had a great experience with this hotel. The lighting in the parking lot was good. I felt safe. I was greeted by the front desk with a smile and genuine pleasantry . The staff in other areas of the were very friendly as well. When I opened the door to my room, it was so inviting. The yellow and gray colors in the room created a nice cozy feel. I immediately felt relaxed. This stay was a wonderful experience.

New Courtyard design , different from most of the new remodels, a bit more modernistic liked furniture and layouts
Bistro and dining area pleasant

Water was too cold in the mornig to take a shower and a noise was bothering me. Suff were great though.

As long as there is availability, Courtyard is about as good as it gets as far as providing nice accommodations for parents visiting their college student without breaking the bank by staying in one of the downtown hotels. I've stayed here multiple times now.

When in Austin for business, I recommend staying at the Marriott Courtyard University area. It has recently been updated and provides excellent service, a comfortable stay, safe, and welcoming environment. The hotel is conveniently located that providesrecreational as well as business access.

Great Hotel across the board!

I was moved from 1 room because the water was too hot. The new room was just as bad because I set the thermostat on 65 degrees but it never got cooler than 72 degrees. Because I had to leave at 4:30 am to have surgery I did not bother to complain about the inadequate cooling of the room.

Poor TV. Seems that it was pervasive throughout the entire property

This hotel gives a poor name to other Courtyard properties. The lobby is new and fancy, however the rooms attempt to cover up old flaws with new paint and linens. The bathroom was backed up and never fixed, and our room was not cleaned while we were out for the day. On the plus side the evening staff was pleasant, and the lobby was nicely remodeled.

Was there for business trip. It was a great stay.

Nice renovated roon. Wonderful weeken stay.

No issues, hotel was close to place to eat and great night life and if I was staying for a horns game great place..

Está muy padre, la alberca está súper cool.||Hay un starbucks dentro, y el desayuno está un poco caro, pero te llena.||||El único pero es que en las habitaciones la iluminación es muy pobre. ||El personal también es súper amable, me ayudaron bastante con un problema que tuve.

Great hotel and staff is amazing

The entire staff were caring of the needs that I had in regards to my dad being in poor health and accommodated us. They all were extremely considerate.

Completely wrong mapping link in confirmation email had me driving around lost late at night in a strange city, unsympathetic clerk at check-in, internet did not work, uncomfortable bed, shower barely worked. For this price, an utter disappointment.

Bathroom window dirty, mold on shower curtain, prior occupant's hair in shower and bed

Great place for business or family stay in Austin.

Great overnight, but rooms are small. Rooms have been nicely remodeled.

other than the shower curtain not containing the water and a burned out bulb my visit was great.

This hotel is an adequate place to sleep. It is relatively clean, but the decor is utterly and completely dated. The hotel is located on the side of the highway near almost nothing. You have to drive to anything you want it do in Austin.

I read some of the reviews before staying here and was a bit nervous as to what exactly i was getting into here.  Maybe the hotel has had a remodel since the last review as I really liked this place.

So let's get into the review...
3 things are key to a good hotel for me:
1.  Clean:  The hotel was very clean and modern.  Had a fresh look to it and the rooms seemed recently updated
2.  Power plugs throughout the room;  Plentiful power outlets scattered around the room allowed me to charge evrerything I needed without have to scramble behind the bed or move some random piece of furniture to get to the outlet.
3.  Good internet:  I had a very fast connection to the Internet, was able to stream and watch Netflix in a high quality and very fast load times.

I would stay here again without question

Recently remodeled.. Right off the highway with everything near by and only miles away from downtown.. Rooms are sort of small compared to other Marriott I've stayed at especially the bathroom.

A wonderful stay with friends

We have stayed in the same hotel for the past 2 years. Price was a lot cheaper then last yearHuge difference. We paid double what we did last couple of years. . Still found some issues that the housekeeper can take care if they only paid attention to the detail cleaning. Nicely remodeled and up to date furniture.

Requests communicated at time of reservation were not communicated to hotel. Noise from pool area outside my window continued until 3 AM. No TV remote control in room. When remote was delivered, it did not turn TV on. Telephone worked first day but not on second day. AC temperature did not go below 73. Water in tub/shower was too hot and it was difficult to find a temperature that was comfortable. Guests in room next door kept twisting door knob of adjoining door and kept switching lock back and forth until 11 PM. Breakfast buffet advertised was only available to a kids athletic team and all other guests had to order food from the bar. Seating at the bar was also limited.

Good for business and other trips outside of the city.

This hotel has a growing mold infestation. I won't be staying here again.

This hotel was very clean, the service was excellent and the beds and pillows were super comfortable.

I've stayed at 2 star hotels and 5 star resorts with average to above average experiences; however, my experience at the Courtyard University Area in Austin is by far the worst experience I've had.

For starters, I was given a key to the wrong room. If it wasn't for my better judgement, I might have walked in on another guest at 12am!

To make matters worse, I had 0 hot water in the morning. Luckily, outside temp was warm and the water was not freezing.

I won't be staying at this hotel in the future.

Paisley was a great employee who upgraded our room. Great service and nice room.

Such a clean and nice hotel. Had the best experience, very friendly staff. Super nice rooms!

Overall great hotel. Will definitely stay here again.
Wish cocktails were available longer than from 4-7.
Great location
Clean and well organized.

Arthur

The only negative is the location, behind Capt'n Benny's restaurant, Courtyard needs a larger sign on the IH 35 feeder.
No complimentary breakfast.

Great location, very close to UT. Clean hotel & rooms. Uncomfortable beds & expensive drinks. Employees excellent. Nice pool.

Awful experience. We had a confirmed room at the hotel. Courtyard called us (through Priceline) 1 hour before our intended checkin to tell us that they cannot accommodate our reservation. There are no other hotels available in the area in our price range. I would not recommend due to there extreme un-professionalism for the extreme short notice. Not real fun to be stranded in Austin.

Hotel and room was clean. Room temp. Was freezing at first. Took an hour to warm up. Lobby music was way too loud by the business center.

Booked a smoking room online only to find out on arrival it is a smoke free hotel,  there was also a notice In the room there will not be water from midnight to 6 am , turn back the sheets on the bed there was crums and hair on the sheets with the bed already made

In all of my travels, I prefer staying at a Marriott hotel.

Nice stay. 9th floor view of highway was pretty interesting! The room had beautiful windows, lots of sunshine even in bathroom. Interesting layout. Comfortable beds. We didn't eat there. Location right off highway was great.

Good experience there nice people

Excellent location that does not require the need to travel across downtown during rush hours if you are visiting St. Davids or sites on 290. Close to a Pappadeux! Also close to the University. Staff is awesome! Modern, clean facility.

Great place, very comfortable!

Nice room great bathroom. Courteous staff. Thank you

great hotel, facilities were the best, staff very welcoming and friendly. Definitely recommend this place for all either business or pleasure.

PROS: Great staff! Clean, comfortable rooms. Fair price.
CONS: The hotel is VERY frustrating and difficult to drive into and to exit from. Reservation and room assignment was a fiasco--meaning that multiple instances of repeated and/or new mistakes.

We stayed using an award, this location being close to the LBJ presidential library and other Austin activities. We were happy with the room and the staff. We would like to see an expansion of meal service eventually.

Noise rules in lobby and pool area were not enforced

Not happy with the check in process that's in place. Mattress need to be checked quartly

El gimnasio debería ser un poco mas grande

Enjoyed my stay. I was very comfortable, the bed was great.

Good stay and nice beds, we will be back in June for another class

Staff was friendly, check in was quick and easy. Rooms and areas were clean and organized. Will stay there again.

Great facility. The room was a little cramped with the sofa/ottoman right close to the bed, but it wasn't unworkable. I would definitely stay there again.

ON AVERAGE GOOD, BUT THE ROOM DETAILS NEED TO BE LOOKED AT CLOSER. FOR EXAMPLE THE BATHROOM WALLS AND THE SINK AREA ARE BIG FOR FEMALES, AS WELL AS THE CARPET.

Great customer service and clean, comfortable rooms.

Great stay. Clean and accessible. Would stay here again.

A very nice experience. Nice room. Very nice staff. Nice bar (well, I only had one drink),

The hotel had been refreshed and looked great and all appeared clean. The lobby area with food bar was very nice and welcoming and the associates were friendly. The internet worked well and the hotel was very close to downtown Austin.

Great hotel, great staff, great room, outstanding price

Comfortable beds, Management nice, & clean rooms.

This property recently underwent and extensive renovation. It is much better and the Bistro is very nice. But they continue to suffer from poor hot water service in the shower .. takes too long to get hot and the temperature fluctuates way too much. Very nice staff and great location.

Over all a great experience.

Excellent reception from the staff, hotel was clean, tidy and welcoming. Bed was very comfortable. Would definitely stay again.

Upgrades are complete at this hotel. Staff was excellent. Very friendly.

See earlier comments about bathroom, elevator, fitness center

Lots of things wrong. No remote and they never sent me one despite request. One guy working breakfast line, super slow. Outlet didn't work near coffee machine and I went without coffee most of the morning.

The hotel was exceptionally clean, the staff very friendly and helpful with directions and I felt like I was in a safe atmosphere.

In a town like Austin, I'd expect better than a dirty bathroom, ugly decor, faulty fire alarm.

Great work, attitude, Smiles always and people are happy.

the room is comforth and clean for the price recomended

Excellent service, great location, clean and comfortable bed.

The renovation is complete and this conveniently located facility has a great new feel and look!
Great spaces and finishes make your stay fresh and comfortable.

This Courtyard Marriott was a good value.

Unfriendly staff
Ac not working
Billing error

Just a short stay. Quick overnight business.

The front desk clerk that was in charge of check in needs to be more attentive. My reservation clearly stated my preference of an upper floor room. He issued a room on the 2nd floor. When I asked about any availability on upper floors he was very "put off" at having to accommodate my request. He did issue a room on the 6th floor. However my additional request of a very "quiet" room I feel was completely disregarded as he put my room directly across from the elevator that dings at all floors - all night. While I realize that if the hotel were fully booked any request could be denied, however I do not believe this hotel on a Monday night was completely booked.

I like the new look it has. It is very clean and modern looking. The bedroom had nice furniture and bed and the lamps/electronics were very appropriate for today's electronic age.

Overall it is a pretty good hotel for the location. If you need to do anything in and around university or downtown areas, you can opt for this hotel with no second thought.

The hotel is a decent, mid-level stay but not very convenient unless you have a car.

Due to poor design and SXSW, hot water wasn't available most of the time. Only one of three elevators was in service all weekend as well. The Market and Bistro replacing the free continental breakfast is disappointing too. Thankfully the reservations were through Priceline and not that expensive.

Average value for the money. No complimentary breakfast. The Bistro line to order and pay is very long. Not a good choice if you need to eat and run in the morning. The lobby has a "cold" atmosphere probably due to the dark gray color scheme. Not warm or welcoming.

I enjoyed my stay. Offer more Burgers.

Tara was great! However my room wasn't good. I left notes in prior comment boxes.

I was having an enjoyable stay until I went back to my room late on my second night. My key card didn't work so I went back down to the front desk so they could reactivate it. When I went back to my room, the door opened but there was another guest in the room and my luggage was nowhere to be found.

When I went back to the front desk, they told me they checked me out because the records indicated that I was only staying for 1 night instead of 2, although I had a confirmation email stating I was staying for 2.

They had no idea where my luggage was and sent security to take me to lost and found where all my things had been thrown into a plastic bag, including my laptop, expensive clothes and shower products with the lids open so they spilled everywhere.

I'm astounded that no one called to ask me why all my luggage was still in the room and if there was a booking mistake since it clearly looked like I wasn't checking out. It's a good thing my laptop wasn't stolen.

I was fortunately given a new room and only received a free bottle of water for my inconvenience.

We were disappointed in our room and it's location. When we requested another suite, we were told none were available, only king rooms. We had our reservation over a month in advance. We were visiting our children and enjoy a suite as a place to gather and visit.
The room was very dark and could use more lighting. The bathroom floor had some sort of glue on it that would not come off and there was long dark hair on the shower walls. The location and design of this specific room seemed to be an afterthought. We have stayed at numerous Courtyard locations and have always been very pleased. In our history with Marriott locations, this is the first review that has not been excellent.

Not bad,  when we arrive on March 11. The hotel has been done 99% remodeling. Lobby is new, clean. The room everything is clean,  all remodeled. I think this hotel has age,  a little bit old, the roof is low and restroom is small. Its more like 2.5 star hotel,  not 3 star. But Overall is good, also including free breakfast. No complain with the price we paid less than 100 bucks.

Amazing. We arrived late about 11 and staff was still nice. It was a great value for the money we spent. Definitely going back.

Great job rehabbing the facility. Bathrooms still have old tubs and tile otherwise completely refreshed. Service and personnel top motch

Only 1 person was working front desk at both check in (8:00 PM), in the morning at breakfast (8:00 AM), and at check-out (9:00 AM).
Room had windows that leaked and allowed cold air ii.
There was no hot water for tea in the breakfast area. I requested at front desk at 8:00 AM and waited 10 min, then left without it. When I returned at 9:00 AM to leave there was still no hot water.

The room was very comfortable, but I would have enjoyed my stay more if the lobby and bar area renovations would have been completed.

Nice room décor, rooms are newly renovated - but sadly, it's just lipstick on a pig when the hot water doesn't work. Also, if you spent all that money doing a face-lift, why didn't you change out the bathtub? The yellowed plastic really clashes with the pearly white of everything else.

The common areas is still under renovation or construction, can't tell which. Yellow caution tape and plastic sheeting everywhere, the little "market" for snacks and drinks currently consists of an IKEA bookshelf and a Heier dormitory fridge.

The staff were polite and friendly, but seemed quite passive and resigned to their fate. Obviously it's not their fault, I'm sure fielding complaints must wear them down eventually.

On the bright side, Internet is fast, clean sheets, nice big TV.

Frindly staff, beautiful room and common areas. Service was good.

If you cannot imagine such a situation, I suggest you check out this property. I am a lifetime Platinum card member. I reported numerous instances of problems with our 2-night stay. The GM and his staff were given ample opportunity to correct the situation. The GM apologized and did NOTHING. This is not sour grapes. This is management of a property where guests don't matter.

Let's see if Marriott corporate cares enough to contact me.

The hotel was going through renovations so the poor rating has nothing to do with that. The housekeeping needs addressed. Front desk persons were quite accommodating and eager to help. I'll stay again because we stay at a LOT of Courtyards (which are usually fine), but if the problems aren't resolved I'll find another place to stay when in Austin.

Hotel torn up for remodeling

They didn't inform us about the construction! However tge room was VERY nice and comfortable with a huge tv

Terrible experience.. The receptionist named Marshall (Bald African American guy) was rude and condescending.  As soon as we got there he was acting like we didn't belong there which is no way to treat a guest.  Do yall know anything about customer service?  He didn't even know how old you have to be to check in.  The name was under a 20 year old friend and I'm 24 so no problem right? Wrong.  He pulled us aside and proceeded to help 4 other guests.  Then he came back to us and called two different people to verify that we could check in.  The first person said you have to be 18 but he insisted he call another person whom also said 18.  At this point it just felt like he didn't even want us to check in.  After getting two confirmations that you have to be 18 he finally let us check in.  He also told me that "once I have a job that I would want to make sure it's done right also"... Assuming/implying I don't have a job is not professional at all and very disrespectful to a paying customer.

The Courtyard Austin University Area is under a significant renovation that will bring it up to the standards of the boutique environment of the Courtyard brand. There is still work to be done, but there are signs that it will be an improved facility in a great location to spend your visit in the north Austin area.

Disappointed that this is Marriott Property

Next door neighbors smoked in there room, we told staff twice, and nothing happened. They were smoking when we were leaving the next morning. This location was far from downtown, I wont likely stay here again.

I called for towels and never got them. I had to dry off with a little hand towel.

Since I spent 4 nights at this hotel, did not experience any noise or lack of hot water from previous guests. Not sure what their problems were but I did not have any and was satisfied with this hotel.

Overall good. Hotel was being renovated. The fitness area is smaller than expected. It is very clean and there is a great breakfast area.

I appreciate the staff and facilities at this hotel, I am looking forward to the completion of the lobby renovation. The newly remodeled rooms are most excellent

Front desk and managers were nice. They should just close during construction

This Marriott is being remodeled, so the lobby and common areas were all blocked up - I'm sure it will look a lot better once it is all done. That said, the new remodeled room's furniture is all pre-fabricated, with some kind of formica veneer and cheap fixtures. I wasn't expecting luxury, but I expected more than what it was. The room had a nice amount of space, but the bathroom was cramped. Most of the staff were very helpful and friendly, with the exception of the guy who checked me out, who was incompetent and rude.

i travel a lot for business/personal ... i will never stay there again. hard to find, no hot water, food was cold, didn't know in advance that they were under construction, and it may have tainted my son's first trip to austin, for a visit to UT.

Choose another Austin option. Area is sketch and the hotel is totally under constructions...dusty and poorly serviced.

site is under construction

Marriott Website is deceptive- says it's the most updated Courtyard in Austin- 50% of it is- because the other 50% is under construction.  Fitness center also closed and under construction.  I found another hotel as I needed a mid-day nap- they still charged me for my stay.  This was the final straw with Marriott- officially now a Hilton person.

Under renovation. As a Gold member I expect to be notified that a property will be in chaos. Gave me a renovated room. Sink plug didn't open, desk light didn't work, cheap room door, poor room layout, hotel access limited from parking lot. Would not have stayed there. Breakfast buffet limited. Eggs had no taste. Staff tried hard to be pleasant.

Our visit was to honor two special people and celebrate their Wedding. Courtyard did not disappoint! We had several guests with different needs and the Staff worked hard to accommodate all. Thanks for such a positive experience.

Although I had to cut my stay short due to unforeseen circumstances, my first visit with Courtyard was Great. You provided a comfortable and reasonably priced hotel that a person who sees a hotel as a home base while we are sight seeing or attending other functions. Not everyone needs to have a valet or room service, most of the time we are not even in the room, but knowing that I have a clean room, clean bath, and clean SOFT bed to return to is very reassuring. We Will see you again soon.

The staff barely acknowledged I was a silver elite member. They did not inform me there was free wi fi. Did not Inform me about breakfast. I was told that the kitchen was closed due to renovations. The water in the room was cold. I complained 3 times, still cold. Rude front desk employee.

It is noisy, there are few amenities, and it is very unwelcoming. I am sure it will be better when the renovations are complete, but you'd be wise to find another place to stay until that time.

The hotel was in major construction! There was no hot water to shower. Would recommend a different hotel!

No hot water for four days and noise until after 9:00 pm

Hotel under construction, logistics of the 5 day stay were not good!

This was our first family trip to Austin. I was hoping to have an enjoyable trip because my son is planning on attending UT. This hotel did not offer that experience. The building has some structure issue that need to be looked into. It seems like they are just trying to cover up some issues with some new decor. The room was clean, bed comfortable,employees nice but everything else seems dirty and seems like this hotel seems to try not to be concerned with the making their guest feel like it is worth their money.

This location was the worst Marriott experience I have ever had. If you are going for business, do not make the mistake of staying at this location. It reminded me of being back in college with the noise of people talking on their phones in the hallway... to make it worse it was speaker phone. Had to call down more than once for noise concerns. WIth all the construction, this location is not fit for people to stay. The staff had not answer for why there was no hot water in the morning. It was bad on so many levels-

Major remodeling occurring & not informed in advance. Very cold and dusty hallways- workers everywhere. Noise level high throughout the day. No hot water on our last day & no working telephone to call front desk. I was unable to shower & had to attend an all day conference before making a 3.5 hr. Trip home!

Great place currently under a remodel. Very professional and friendly staff

Did not know about the construction going on until I arrived at hotel.

New rooms are cheap and not up to historic Courtyard standards.

I stayed at the Courtyard Austin-University Area the weekend of January 3-4, 2015. The facility is being renovated, and that meant constant construction noises and smells. It seems like a good place, with a helpful staff, but I would not recommend staying there until the construction is completed. No discount was offered us for the bother of the construction.

This hotel is under major construction and there were many issues with room. No heating, bathroom broken and no gym (said there was one). The contrution was not mentioned on website or a reservation-- unsat. Staff were friendly, but sold a billofgoods when they said the room we were staying were newly renovated. I WANT A REFUND AND AN APOLOGY.

The Courtyard Austin-University Area has fallen into a bad state. I've been staying there for 5+ years, but will never go back!

The stay was not very good. I did not fill out the first survey not wanting to post a negative report. All of the employees did a good job but the overall stay was not good. The hotel was under construction (we did not know that until we got to the hotel). We arrived for a High School Playoff game and did not have a lot of time to go to another hotel. The first room they put us in the bath tub stopped up and filled with water. We when to the game and no one told us that it was not fixed so we arrived after the game to a very smelly room. They did get us another room but that room did not have the pull out bed. So we had to move again (this was the third move).
Lots of noise due to construction.
The next morning I went down to get breakfast and I did but no one tolds us the breakfast was not included with the room. It made me look very bad when the employee ask in front of other guest whether not we had paid.
Over the 45 years that I worked for ExxonMobil and the 2 years I spend in Viet Nam during the Viet Nam war, this was the worst hotel stay I have had. I travel with ExxonMobil to many countries and stayed in many Marriott Hotel but this was the worst.
To make matters worst, I when to the desk and explained my concerns and they assured me that something was going to happen. They would reimburse me for the stay and I have been waiting for that to happen.
I love Marriott and is a very loyal customers but in the future will consider other option's.

This place is a mess right now. It's under construction so there's a ton of noise and messiness around. I'm sure it will be better when they're done and it's not like you can shut down business to remodel! The location is pretty lame. Not near anything Austin-specific (it looks like an old area off the highway). I guess it's good if you're doing business up north and business downtown Austin. But now I know why the rates were so low.

Problems included: flimsy and only 2 pillows for king size bed, loud noise coming from electrical transformer adjacent to room, very short shower head, no hot water, employee knocking on door at 8:30 AM, multiple employees who do not speak English. Very unexpected from a Marriott, and I will not return.

Our hotel room had no hot water and was not resolved. No answer at the front desk. Room key didn't work 7 different times in one hotel stay. Very disappointing.

The hotel is currently doing some remodeling and renovations. We were put into a newly remodeled room. The room was nice. But the beds were the same old beds that had been there before they started the renovations. If your going to spend that much in remodeling budget for new bedding as well.

Never seen such poor courtyard no hot water room dirty gym barely functional

Under renovation, and looking forward to staying there again.

For a hotel under renovation it was a great place to stay. Very accommodating and great room.

Disappointed with cleanliness and the size of the room

Property undergoing renovation and not a good choice till done, and maybe not then. I stayed in a renovated room and was unimpressed. I never got the temperature comfortable and there was no hot water often. Also, avoid the breakfast sausage.
The staff was friendly, too bad the property was not to their level.

The Courtyard Austin-University Area should have been closed while under construction, and considering it being open, it should have been clear about construction issues and only offered at a seriously reduced rate considering all the possible inconveniences.

Avoid this hotel until any and all renovations are completed. It's really is uninhabitable and should have been closed until the update was completed. The noise from the jackhammers was intolerable. its just amazing that you booked guests here.

New room nice, location not great

Overall the staff was great but the wake up system was poor. The room was clean. They are renovating the hotel which was fine.

I left something valuable in the room. I noticed I was missing it only after I was at the airport. The head of housekeeping was nice enough to locate it and send it to me promptly by Fed Ex. THANK YOU!

This hotel is going under major renovation but its not mentioned when you are booking the hotel. Watch out for the boarded/plastic bag wrapped interior walls, hand written room numbers on some doors, no hot water or only warm water at times, extremely outdated rooms and bathrooms.
also be careful entering and exiting the hotel as walkway is completely blocked and under construction as well. You are expected to hop over bushes and steer around working crew to make your way in and out the hotel.
Lastly, hammer bangs and cutting noises may work for some as a wake up alert at 8am, but it was very uncomfortable for us.

Excellent. Very comfortable. Very good hotel for the money.

Upone arrival we were shocked to see the extensive construction underway at the hotel. There was no mention of this on the website when I made the reservation. The condition of the room and especially the bathroom was far below acceptable standards for Courtyard properties as well as the hallways, lobby, etc. All other area hotels were already sold out for various event by the time we got there, otherwise i would have certainly changed hotels. After three phone messages left for their "management", I finally gave up. I travel extensively for both business and leisure and am not a demanding person but for the amount of money they charged for this three night stay, I feel absolutely robbed by Courtyard and will have to rethink staying at any of their properties in the future.

If you can finish the construction and replace the mattresses and pillows maybe you will get recommended. Otherwise I would so no to anyone. The problem with the mattress and pillows was so severe that it caused me to get a crick in my neck and have lower back pain. At the time of my reservation I was not told the building was under construction, the dust from the construction affected my asthma!

major construction going on in this old worn down hotel

Good service. Average stay. Under construction, so the building was in poor condition.

First, they are under major renovations which they fail to disclose. Second, it's old, extremely dirty, and the staff is unprofessional. From sending some of our party to occupied rooms to finding dirty laundry from previous occupants -it just isn't worth the money. This hotel does not live up to Marriott standards.

The hotel is under renovation and there is no lobby area or amenities. The rooms are very cramped and the bathroom was very small. The only elevators available were at the end of a very cramped hallway.

I'm not staying at a mariott again until someone either refunds the rate or makes this right. Horrible hotel undergoing renovations. Totally and clearly unacceptable by any objective standard.

FYI to all. This hotel is undergoing a MAJOR renovation and you will not see any notification of this on marriotts website!

Very disappointed with my stay. Between the loud construction, the outdated décor, poor functionality of room, and some rude staff members, my stay was a disappointment.

Hotel is under construction. Stay somewhere else. Plenty of cheaper options nearby without construction.

Not bad, great service. Gets the job done.

I prepaid a three night stay back in May for the ACL music Festival. There were a few things that could have made our stay much better. The construction didn't ruin our stay but it was annoying. The room was clean, and the bed was comfortable. The shower shared the same floor as the bathroom, this was messy. I hope this is one of the things you are changing with construction. The breakfast was not the best I have had, the waffle I made was better than anything else available. We only ate it once. When we checked out there was a problem that took several minutes, that didn't get fully resolved but they told us we could go because the problem was theirs not mine.

Construction not listed on website

Torn up hotel with ridiculous rates for what you get. Noisy, dirty.

This hotel is awful. Stay somewhere else. This does not live up to Courtyard's standards. It shouldn't be in the Marriott hotel family.

Do not stay here until the remodeling is complete!

This is obviously an older hotel, inside and out, but it wasn't a bad experience staying here. The rooms are sort of small, as are the bathrooms, but everything was well kept and clean. The property itself is in a great area, right off I-35 just minutes from downtown Austin attractions. There is also shopping right across the freeway for any needs you might have, the hotel is not immediately off the freeway so I didn't hear any noise from the cars. It was easy to get in and get out, and the staff was courteous. I would stay here again.

Please see comments: this place needs to be torn down and rebuilt. It's old it smells there are bugs. Staff is very nice but for Marriott, this is a redo

Room was not cleaned after first night, freas towels were not provided until we called the front desk

Would not recommend. Difficulty finding parking spot in lot, hotel outdated and dirty. Lobby temperature hot, unbearable.

Love Marriott hotels, only place I stay anymore but not impressed with this location.

Unfortunately I was not aware that the hotel was in the midst of a renovation. If I had known this than I would have stayed in another Marriott hotel. The staff was not very friendly, the bar closed already at 9pm and the gym was a joke.

This is an older building in need of upgrades. The breakfast is not included, it is definitely on the wrong side of the highway, and there needs to be some attention to the details (working ice machines, carpet cleaning, etc.)

Nice place, friendly staff. The only concern I had was the towels smelled like they were in a fire and there was no mini fridge as advertised.

Great service, dark, dirty feeling, shower drain didn't work, popcorn ceilings collecting dust. Hot lobby due to broken door staying open.

When needing a nice place to stay and helpful staff this is the place.

Staff was more than pleasant. They were extremely friendly and helpful. The room on the other hand... awful. So dated. And I'm pretty sure there was mold in our bathroom. This place needs a facelift.

Great personell and the hotel was nice. It would be better if they had a bar downstairs to get a cocktail in the evening with some televisions to catch Friday night football games. We have stayed here several times and always been happy and will return again. The people will keep me coming back.

Hotel is very good plus lots of parking in this hotel.

The hotel is further from the University of Texas at Austin than many of the hotels in downtown Austin. We have never had such a small bathroom. Following our visit we have canceled two subsequent reservations.

titles says what I wanted to say. Just an old Marriott that needs updating. Clean but you cannot get ANYWHERE without a cab, even to a restaurat .3 miles away.

Good location if you need to stay overnight in Austin.

I stay at Marriott properties often. I used to work at a Courtyard. This courtyard looks like the one I worked at in college before the remodel. I am not a big fan of the new lobby's at courtyards at other locations. This property is a dumb and has a terrible locations. I would recommend taking the Marriott flag away and building something in Austin Mueller closer to the HEB store. When I stay at Marriott properties for the price point I would rather stay at an Updated Residence Inn. They have done a great job maintaining their environment that caters to business travelers.

I will always stay here when I come to Austin.

Good location. Outdated, but quiet room and friendly staff.

Beds were very comfortable, but the room was very dated. We had no cold water in the shower which made is very uncomfortable to shower. When I mentioned it to the employee  when we checked out,  he couldn't have been more disinterested. Additionally, we weren't advised that breakfast ended at 10:30 on Sunday morning so when we arrived at 10:40, everything was put away. The kind server made us each a plate from the kitchen, which was cold, yet we were still charged for the full buffet. Not a great experience. Wouldn't stay there again.

Evening front desk clerk. Rude. Condescending. Dismissive of any issues. No thank you for staying here and contributing to my paycheck even. the "oh well maybe you shouldn't be staying here then" response to my key card being deactivated. WRONG RESPONSE to a customer like me. I am on the road 97% of the time. I am the customer you want to have.

IT WOULD HAVE BEEN GREAT IF IT WASN'T FOR THE MEETING ROOM... SIZE WAS TOO SMALL AND MISERABLY HOT ....POOR A/C

AND.... .NOT HAVING LUNCH OR DINNER OFFERED IF NOT FOR THAT .... I WOULD HAVE RATED AN EXCELLENT

The Eggs and Sausage was excellent

I had to take the hotel luggage cart to my room when I checked in and when I checked out.

One person in particular does not like her job and it shows from the moment you walk in the door. Try your best not to ask to much of her because she will certainly let you know if you are.

Horrible food, average accommodation. Close --5 min-- from UT Austin is only plus if time is important

Great place to stay from the cozy rooms to relaxing by the pool

VERY CLEAN, AWESOME STAFF. BATHROOMS ARE A BIT SMALL.

The hotel was clean, but not good for groups of women because the bathrooms are extremely small.

Nice hotel! needs to change location name; not as close to UT Austin as the name leads you to believe.

We were in town for a baseball tournament. The hotel was easy and convenient. The beds were VERY comfortable. The bathroom was quite small but adequate. Front Desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Check-in was quick.

We deeply appreciate the attention and professionalism we received from almost all staff. Lobby, dinning, cleaning, with the only exception of service to provide roll over bed and extra towels. This site has unparalleled location for the purpose we visited Austin. Being close to UT Austin and downtown made it a clear selection for the value of money spent.
Thank you for keeping it in very good shape!

Uncleanly poor managed hotel

Dated interior and lobby furniture but my room was very clean.Staff extremely helpful and attentive. The breakfast was wonderful, fresh fruit and cooked food, loved it!

I was satisfied with my visit. The staff was nice, never had any issue with anyone. I was hoping the pool and pool area was a nicer. There wasn't anything particularly wrong with the pool, there was just not any extras like at other Courtyard Marriott's that I have stayed at. Overall I really can not complaining. Location was ideal, comfort and convenience superb as always. If I am traveling, I always try to stay at a Courtyard. The staff and cleanliness is always top notch. I regularly recommend the Courtyard Marriott if traveling or hotels become conversation.

Remember that episode of Seinfeld where Jerry has a reservation for a car but they don't hold it. Same thing here except its a hotel room. Also, they hung up on me once and treated me like a jerk when I called back.

The beds are cheap. Also the housekeeping staff are thieves. Although the managers try to locate an item they don't find it. When the only people allowed in the rooms are housekeepers. But they will tell you they can't prove a housekeeper took your item.

Dirty, mold in the shower, no hot water, do not stay here

The elevators here are surprisingly fast, great location, you can pretty much take the service road to downtown daily and skip the I35 traffic

Fairly clean hotel. Kind of showing its age though. Had some bad nightmares there too.

I love this hotel, the employes are so nice. Great place to stay!!

Staff are very friendly. Room was more like a motel 6 than what I would expect from a Marriott. I slept a total of 2 hours on this horrible bed and noisy room. All you can hear is Semi trucks on the freeway all night long. The room was very unclean and felt very cheap. Old TV's, mold on the tiles in the shower.. Yuck!

we were told we could not check in before 3, we arrived after 3 to check in.   Our room was not ready, and there were several others also waiting for their rooms.  We were on a time line and had a 6 pm appt.  We were rushed and it was stressful waiting with a toddler who had been in a carseat for over 3 hours.  No discounts offered or and compensation for the inconvience.

Positive: It's hard to just pick one thing I like best about this hotel.  The service is outstanding,  the breakfast bar is AMAZING and we'll managed, and the rooms are large and we'll maintained. Negative: There was NOTHING that I didn't like about this hotel

Todo limpio comida caliente y buena personal muy amable

Nice hotel. Very accommodating

I would come back again to the place

Great service from Brittnay, she got us a room last minute when we needed it. Very clean and great breakfast with many vegetarian options!!

It was pretty ok. I like this cozy little hide A way. I like the TV is set with your name & I would have loved to operate everything on the tv & from my phone but they didn't have anything set up to function properly except my name on the TV screen & the link on the TV screen does work but the app or room or the link between them needs to be set up.  I will be back very soon.  👍🏾 👌🏾

Location was good. But, there was some noise coming from the freeway. The AC was noisy as well.

Positive: Fresh and clean with outstanding staff. Negative: ""

Positive: Breakfast Negative: ""

This hotel was really nice. Staff was very kind and engaging. My room was very clean.

A very well-placed and quiet location for a standard stay. This hotel is surrounded by two other hotels so there's plenty of other vehicles and a secure enclosed area between all three parking lots. The parking lot is well lit and there's no suspicious activity nearby. There are plenty of nearby restaurants to have a late-night bite and the interstate entrance is literally 100 meters away. Overall, good stay and clean rooms with daily housekeeping. Very pleased

Very friendly service! I enjoy staying at this hotel.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Staff is really kind and helpful, the amenities are nice. The breakfast had everything I needed. The gym could use some heavier weights but im pretty sure its standard for hotel gyms and the treadmill and elliptical is brand new. Wifi is super fast , faster then any hotel ive ever been in . It might be because occupancy is low but still.

They're on point.  Convient and great value.

when we come to visit my wife’s family and often, we always stay at this hotel. We have been staying here during our Austin vacations for the past several years.

I can’t say enough good things about this place. For starters - the affordability. I refuse to go to an Airbnb or other accommodation due to the value that we get.

The next great thing about this place is the staff. Everybody that works here is wonderful and accommodating. I always book my reservations either on the United Airlines hotel website or on the Chase travel website so I get the point benefits. I have had zero issues or problems with the online reservations and check in process.

The beds are always comfortable, and the rooms are always clean. Even if we ran into an issue where there was uncleanliness, the staff would respond immediately and either get us a new room or take care of the problem right away. Again, I cannot stress enough how hard-working and wonderful the staff is.

One thing that I have observed during the time that I’ve stayed at this hotel for the past several years is that the staff has low turnaround. Most of the workers here have been at the location the whole time since we’ve started staying here. Healthy sign that it’s a great place to work for them.

Breakfast is a solid 6/10. It gets the job done and it helps save money for eating out in the morning- Especially because I have a wife and two small children. The coffee is good in my opinion.

Lastly, I really enjoy this location due to how close so many different places are. Walmart, HEB, In-And-Out burger, Goodwill, and other shopping locations are quite literally within a 2-5 minute drive. This is also right off of 35 with EASY access to Austin.

I really want to thank the Fairfield Marriott for taking good care of this location! We choose to stay here and nowhere else!

Great job! Great service.
From titanium member
Carlos Guerrero

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The front desk lady Brittany is great and has very good service.

$50 PER DAY DEPOSIT FOR YOUR STAY!!! So if your staying for 1 day $50 deposit, 2 days $100 deposit, 3 days $150 , etc etc. so if your stay is for 14 days, a $700 deposit it's outrageous. not in the greatest part of town , not close to any major attractions, and is the only Fairfield I've ever known to try and do this. No wonder their parking lot was empty.

This is a great place! Comfy beds. Clean rooms and overall nice place. The continental breakfast was amazing! It had a huge selection and the quality was good. They had these egg items things that were great and really made the breakfast!
I didn't swim in the in door pool but walked inside and I didnt smell a strong chlorine smell - which is good!
Gym is nice and clean.
The staff were friendly!
Overall this is a great deal!

The room was great the only thing was whomever design the room or decorated the didn't take into account the size of the room for furniture or whomever decorated the room didn't take into account the size of furniture in the room for maximum space use. And I did appreciate for the first time a hotel didn't have the coffee machine and cups in the bathroom where people do their personal business thank you for being sanitary.

Positive: Hotel employee working the front desk was amazing. I got there before my husband and had 4 kids with me. It could have been stressful, but he made the check in process amazing. Every time we walked passed him, my kids would yell, "Hey!" He's a gem! Negative: ""

ODD NUMBER ROOMS ONLY. I stayed here while visiting Austin for a family funeral. The room was clean and comfortable, the breakfast was excellent, and the staff were friendly. However, the even number rooms face directly onto an intersection of two busy highways. I could hear sirens, honking, and revving engines constantly, all night, over the noise of the room fan on full blast and my white noise machine. Do not accept an even number room.

Simple hotel.

My daughters, grandson and I stayed here for one night because we were in town for business. We had been traveling from Los Angeles, California and were exhausted and ready to rest. The lady that was on staff when we checked in was nice and accommodating even though we checked in very late. When we got to our room, it had a stale smell about it, the shower had hair in it and the paint off the tub was pealing off and was sticking to our feet. We only had a few hours to rest because we had to be up at 05:30 that morning to head out at 06:30 to go and deliver our freight. (we have a trucking company),. We came back at 09:00 so that we could get breakfast and sleep more since check out for us was not until 13:00 hours. As we made entry back into the hotel, we were greeted with unfriendly glares and talks from the staff questioning our validity of staying on the premises. We continued in and gathered our breakfast when the tall slender lady from the front desk came to talk to the breakfast staff and made comments to them about us coming in to eat without us having stayed there. At this point I turned and said to them all, that we were guests of the hotel and even gave them our hotel room number if they had any questions, when this happened they all were embarrassed and tried to say that they weren’t talking about us or following us around. I just can’t believe we were treated so poorly, we are Marriott Members and have stayed all across this country and have never been so mistreated by anyone like this. I did file a formal complaint with Marriott and I pray that someone gets reprimanded for their actions because maliciously gossiping and following customers is uncalled for.

Positive: Awesome breakfast the bed was "never leaving it" comfortable very clean room, Hotel employee was the most professional agent (front desk)... Negative: ""

Positive: Staff is an excellent agent, the person you want greeting you as you embark on a relaxing comfortable stay. Breakfast was great, perfect temperature very tasteful and plenty, fulfilling and appetizing. The room was very clean the bed was comfortable... Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

We've stayed here a few times! This is an extremely busy hotel due to it being so close to the Cruise port and hotel. The staff is great and will get you checked in early if its available. We will always stay here when cruising

(((((Deposit $50 daily deposit Alright I will start by saying the place is decent it wasn’t a Marriott experience I was expecting maybe I’m use to the Hilton however this place reminded me of a luxury motel 6 vibes my wife has severe allergies so do I and she got hit hard and was super stuffy thank god we come prepared the front desk staff is decent as well check in process is a bit on the slower end I’m use to a couple click and I’m on my way… ice machines not working on every floor definitely wasn’t a Marriott experience showers once again Motel 6 vibes I’ll leave it here try it for yourself is all I can say🙃 TV REMOTE DOES WHAT IT PLEASE 3 star because we both ened out sick and our one year old  both nights and had stuffy nose

Excellent customer service and very helpful staff . I would definitely visit and stay at this motel next time . Breakfast was also very good

Positive: Clean rooms, friendly staff, free parking, well-lit parking lot. Negative: ""

It was OK the elevators don’t work. The room smelled bad they had to come and make it smell better. The breakfast was great a lot of options for breakfast but the food was good food.

$400 FRAUD CHARGE!!!!
My friend who has bad asthma stayed at a Fairfield Inn and Suites, the smoke detector “detected” that they were smoking in the room. But the only way my friend found out about it was by getting a $400 bill after checkout! She is not a smoker and trying to fight it but the only thing the A GM said she would do is pass along the info to the GM. Apparently this has been happening a lot! So watch out for charges after checkout!!!

Positive: Everyone is kind and greets you as a hospitality industry would. I was given a closer room to the elevator as I was recently out of surgery. Negative: This last stay, albeit this hotel I shall ALWAYS stay at, there was a door leading to the next room. It's always my mother and I, this time the door was a bit unsettling. Other than that, EVERYTHING else was FANTASTIC 😍!

Positive: Better than usual selection/variety in the free hot breakfast. Negative: Bathroom design is wonky- why are the towels kept as far away from the shower as possible??

Honest review from a Vegas Hotelier/super easy to please human:

I give this hotel 2 stars as it is an actual 2-Star Hotel, and rightfully so.

I called before arrival and asked for a crib/pack n play. Was told I’d have one. I stayed 3 nights/4days and kept being promised this, and never received it.

The corner “piece” (not sure what it’s called) fell off the wall on day one.

The pool was closed.

There are (2) elevators; one of which never worked. The other went out during my stay and we had to take the stairs (with a stroller/toddler).

Asked for towels and daily housekeeping service; never got it.

Room smelled like actual urine, which is probably why they had the window open when we checked in.

I give 2 stars because there were no bed bugs, and each room comes with a fridge and microwave.  But literally everything else about my stay was either really disappointing or “just okay”.

Would I stay here again? No. But, it’s only my second-worst hotel experience ever, so won’t totally discourage people who made it this far in my honest review from staying there if you want a free continental breakfast!

I am a Marriott member and if I wanted to extend, I needed to do it through the app and not through them. Good service from staff, swimming pool look kind of dirty so I didn't even used it.

Everyone there was great. Wish the pool was outside.

Trying to get to the location is a nightmare if you take IH35!! There is crazy construction and detours everywhere and people are doing 65-70mph.

Awesome place with good breakfast and comfortable stay. Only issue is shower head is inflexible.

Great! Allowed us to check in 2 hours earlier than the checkin time with no additional fees. Super good customer service, room was very clean! Breakfast was amazing!
Main complaint was the pool was ICE cold though it says on their website it was heated.
Hotel was 5 minutes from Walmart and had lots of restaurants around.

Positive: Clean, Breakfast, felt almost like home Negative: ""

Positive: The size of the room Negative: ""

I booked here just looking at the 4.1 star rating here on maps. Unfortunately, it's anything but 4 stars.

Service was good. Reception did try to solve the issues, but wasn't able to in the end.

Upon checking in, I went up to my room and immediately started to get hard of breathing. I have asthma and I've gotten allergic reactions like this before, usually to mold, roaches, cats, or dogs. I requested to switch rooms and the concierge nicely handled it.

We switched rooms and left for dinner. Upon our second arrival, the second room gave me the same asthma. I want able to detect it the first time since I already had it from the first room. Now, a few hours later the second room was clearly no better.

Concierge kindly checked us out and we moved on to another hotel. Just avoid if possible

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Was charged a holding fee for a company paid training. Room was paid for. Hold is a month long charge. Was told 5-7 business days

位置若是出差還算不錯，大型超市應該步行勉強可到，大約29分鐘，床有點舊，服務員友善，大致還算可以

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: The staff was very friendly and answered any questions. Negative: No

Friendly staff and great place to stay.

Worst Marriott hotel I have ever stayed in, hands down. The TVs all have the brightness turned way down which makes the picture look like crap. The elevator is painfully slow and pretty dirty, but don't try taking the stairs because the doors are locked from inside the stairwell. Barely any options for breakfast.
When I checked in and complained about the TV picture in my first room, they said they would send somebody to take a look,  but after 30 minutes waiting I packed up and asked for another room. TV picutre is second room was the same dark overly blue crappy picture. At this point I was done with this place and asked for a refund. They upgraded me to an "executive suite" where at one of the two TVs had a decent picture. However, the bathroom in the executive suite absolutely reeks of cigarette smoke. The only saving grace is that the management staff were courteous and polite, but the building itself is poorly maintained. I usually stay at Marriotts because I almost never have to deal with any of this crap, but given the poor conditions of this hotel, I should have just stayed at a super-8 or some other cheap place for half the price.

Very bad services, took security deposit, 2 weeks now ,they never returned the money back..never book this hotel

Easily the worst fairfield hotel with the worst customer services, they take your deposit n never return back n not even bothered to resolve

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: Advertised as having a pool and a fitness center, but pool was closed and fitness center under construction

The hotel was nice, clean and new-looking. Loved the internet tv. It was difficult to reach the front desk from my room though. Internet was a bit slow. Pool was closed all day when we wanted to use it.

Positive: Perfec Negative: ""

The time i stayed there was great. Professional and always on top of your needs. Has gym and swimming pool. Laundry room is 2nd floor

Positive: the front desk was amazing. Made us feel right at home. Negative: I think just the breakfast. They had very few choices.

The rooms were about what you would expect for the price, but the safety in the hotel was non-existent.  Front desk checkin person was very good and personable, but it ends there.  If I could give less than a 1 star I would.  ||||We had domestic violence occurring in the adjacent room - items being thrown around, crashingssounds, loud LOUD LOUD!!! screaming cursing (every word in the book for 5 hours).  Front desk did nothing about it until I talked with them face-to-face and said either handle this, get the police here, or I am calling 911 NOW!  ||||We were fearful that a gun shot was going through the walls - they went in and out of the room dozens of times slamming the door - TV on a very high volume (assuming to muffle the sound).  Nothing was done to reconcile or stay - no sleep no peace and an overall horrible experience.||||Apple Hospitality is the management company and they should step up and make right!

Never made up the room during the three days I stayed. Said they are lack of manpower.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Joyce is the BEST—so kind, professional, and truly dedicated. She helped us find our lost item and didn’t stop until it was recovered. Any team would be lucky to have her! I personally wouldn’t return to this hotel, but I would just to see this lovely , helpful lady!

Positive: Clean and safe Negative: Breakfast and not having access to the stairs to leave the hotel

Extremely Disappointed with the Check-In Experience||I’ve stayed at this Marriott Fairfield location multiple times over the past couple of months due to work travel and have generally had good experiences—until now. Unfortunately, my most recent visit was incredibly disappointing.||I arrived around 11:50 PM, having already checked in via the app, expecting to quickly grab my key and head to my room. Instead, I was greeted by an empty front desk and a sign that read “Will be right with you.” I waited patiently for about 10 minutes with no sign of anyone. Feeling concerned, I called the hotel—only then did an employee named Manuel finally appear from the back.||To my surprise, he didn’t greet me, didn’t apologize for the delay, and certainly didn’t acknowledge the inconvenience. In fact, his demeanor made it seem like I was the one being rude for interrupting him. He simply pointed at the sign and said, “Can’t you read?” Both I and another guest who had been waiting were shocked by his unprofessionalism.||I tried to explain that I was concerned for his safety and wasn’t sure how long we were supposed to wait, which is why I called. Any reasonable person would have done the same. At the very least, the sign should include an estimated return time to set expectations.||This experience made me feel unwelcome and dismissed. As a frequent guest, I expected better. I hope management addresses this kind of behavior because it reflects very poorly on the Marriott brand

Lots of noise from the nearby highway, constant. Bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. One Elevator doesn’t work, doesn’t look like it’s worked for a long time. So there is just the one elevator serving the entire hotel, it takes forever.  I gave it a strike for each of these two things which is why I rated it a three out of five. Breakfast food options are mid-range for hotels like this that provide a breakfast.  Limited fresh offerings but a different breakfast feature each of the 6 days I stayed here..  Price was excellent, less than $100 per night and the room itself was fine, very comfy bed.  All staff were friendly and helpful.

Extremely Disappointed with the Check-In Experience

I’ve stayed at this Marriott Fairfield location multiple times over the past couple of months due to work travel and have generally had good experiences—until now. Unfortunately, my most recent visit was incredibly disappointing.

I arrived around 11:50 PM, having already checked in via the app, expecting to quickly grab my key and head to my room. Instead, I was greeted by an empty front desk and a sign that read “Will be right with you.” I waited patiently for about 10 minutes with no sign of anyone. Feeling concerned, I called the hotel—only then did an employee named Manuel finally appear from the back.

To my surprise, he didn’t greet me, didn’t apologize for the delay, and certainly didn’t acknowledge the inconvenience. In fact, his demeanor made it seem like I was the one being rude for interrupting him. He simply pointed at the sign and said, “Can’t you read?” Both I and another guest who had been waiting were shocked by his unprofessionalism.

I tried to explain that I was concerned for his safety and wasn’t sure how long we were supposed to wait, which is why I called. Any reasonable person would have done the same. At the very least, the sign should include an estimated return time to set expectations.

This experience made me feel unwelcome and dismissed. As a frequent guest, I expected better. I hope management addresses this kind of behavior because it reflects very poorly on the Marriott brand

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Location and cleanliness. Negative: The fridge stopped working, asked to have it looked at and the gentleman at the desk apparently forgot.  Lost food as a result.

Positive: Breakfast and cleanliness of rooms. Negative: Elevator

The breakfast is nice, front desk people are nice, I wanted to like this place but unfortunately all the rooms have mold problems in the AC. To the point where when we wake up we have coughing fits that go away once we spend some time outside. Our first room smelled so bad of mold we had to ask for a different room, but the room they changed us to just smelled slightly less like mold.

Positive: All of the sad that I have encountered have had great customer service. Negative: The elevator truly need to be fixed

Positive: "" Negative: The horrible smoke smell and dirty water smell in the room.

Pretty basic accommodations, fine but not outstanding. The room humidity level was so high, a/c did nothing to lower it. Maybe there is a problem with the unit?

Left before breakfast was served so cannot comment on that. The standout was the water pressure! Lovely shower!

Positive: location Negative: The facilities could be more up to date. Handles in the room were pulling off the doors of closets, covering over shower head was coming out of the wall. Bed sheets were very itchy and the pillows were not full sized and not comfortable.

My husband & I stayed in this hotel April 18-20, 2025. I was unable to sleep on the first night due to bedbug bites. On the next day I suffered allergic reactions on my wrists and forearms, needing to purchase and apply cortisone relief medication and wear long sleeves for the rest of my trip. (I showed my arms to the front desk staff) After speaking with the staff in charge, they gave us a new room, but later denied our request for one night reimbursement. They claimed lack of evidence. This was not consistent with what we have come to expect from Marriott or similar brands of hospitality!

Perfect

Love it

Excelente

Well kept great choices the coffee out front and in the room was AWESOME 💯😎 Staff Awesome 💯😎 Made our stay very enjoyable

Viajamos mucho y realmente hace tiempo no veía un buen desayuno, habitaciones lindas y buen precio. Volvería.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Breakfast buffet.
Delicious
Eggs
Cereal
Yogurt
Breakfast sandwich
Apple juice
Coffee
Oatmeal w/ nuts and dried fruit.

The parking is nice, gym room is good but a bit smelly. Breakfast close at 9am which is a bit too early.

Clean comfortable and friendly staff.

Positive: Bed was comfortable Negative: Elevators didn't work. Water pressure was bad

Positive: Staff Negative: For the consecutive time, we have not stayed in the room nor hotel we were initially assigned and reserved...

Neil checked us in, and he was super friendly and accommodating.  The hotel is in a good area.  You have access to stores and restaurants.  It was close to my friends apartment which was a major plus.  Only downside was the elevator was slow, due to only one car working and the toilet in the room was a struggle to flush.  Regardless, I would stay here again.

I’ll start by writing the good because there isn’t much. Front desk staff is friendly and they try to be as helpful as they can. The rooms are acceptable, although tvs are outdated and a bit slow. Housekeeping staff is friendly as well, unless you speak spanish and can actually understand what they’re saying. Now for the bad: a stacking deposit that charges you per day, for as many days as you’re there. Imagine my surprise upon finding out that a deposit for 3 weeks would come out to around 1000 instead of your usual 50-250 incidental hold.
The breakfast selection is horrendous even by continental standards, with 3 different meals and nothing else. They don’t even have a waffle maker every day! isn’t that the bare minimum??
the elevators (singular as only one works) are barely functional. it’s a giant red flag on behalf of upper management that they have not been repaired. why has the call not been made to have them serviced? this is not exaggeration, I waited on them for about 15-20 minutes on the day I was trying to check out.

This is very much a traveling hotel and it does meet the minimum marks, but if you’re used to a bit more comfort, please look elsewhere.

The location is right off of the main road.
So you’re looping around to enter and exit.
And you have to cut through the other Marriott parking lot to get to this one.

Pros-
Free breakfast from 6-9am
Check in was quick
24hr gym
Friendly employees

Cons-
-apparently they don’t update the name of the guest, so tv monitors show wrong names
-The ac in my room had a moldy smell
-The elevators are SLOW and one is broken with no sign
-There’s no handles to close the shower door from inside the shower (maybe only in my room)

I included screenshots from pricing. I would recommend going with the cheapest option at $61 (it’s all the same lol)
Pool open from 7am-11pm
Gym 24 hours
I took some photos from their breakfast (pictures taken at 7:40am)

My stay was perfect. No issues at all.
I personally stayed on the 5th floor. My window view faced towards the front of the building.
In the elevator I did speak to some other guest who were headed to the complimentary breakfast. And their room faced towards the back where the big street is near. They complained of noises from ambulances and cars waking them up throughout the night.

It may be best to request a room where the window faces towards the front of the building to get better sleep.

Check out time is at 12pm!

Pros:||+ Front desk staff: Fred went the extra mile for us when we checked in late at night after a mistake by a 3rd party vendor. It made a real difference in our trip.||+ Housekeeping: Polite and professional. They even found a shirt I had forgotten to put away and folded it for me while cleaning. ||+ General cleanliness. Aside from a small carpet stain next to the closet, I never noticed any issues with the room being unclean||+ Value||+ Decent location, though a bit far from downtown. You will need a car though.||+ Free breakfast||Cons:||- Bedding. Sheets are rough, pillows are lumpy, and the fitted sheet on the bed was too small so the corners kept rolling up and causing it to come loose.||- Thin walls. You can hear everything your neighbors are doing. You kind of have to keep your own TV volume lower than you'd like to not become the annoying neighbor yourself. ||- Inconvenient room setup. Some lights don't turn on unless others are on. The light switch for the bathroom is nearly behind the door, which makes it hard to find when you're fumbling around in the dark in the middle of the night. ||- Mediocre continental breakfast. The selection was okay, but they quickly ran out of things or put them away before I could get there. The scrambled eggs were a little gross, they were undercooked and slimy and had an odd taste. There also wasn't enough seating in the breakfast area, we had to take our food back to our room one day.||- Air conditioner is quite loud when it kicks on, it woke me up multiple times in the middle of the night||- Complimentary toiletries are low quality, you'll want to bring your own shampoo, body wash, etc. if you're picky about that stuff||- Toilet sits very low (a problem if you're tall), has a cheap plastic seat and cover, and is annoyingly finicky to flush||- The shower door in the bathroom didn't fully close.||- Both elevators in the building were non functional for all or part of our stay

Strange room architecture. Not like other Fairfield. Tight clearance to walk past the bed.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Positive: Very clean and conducive environment and very respectful staff Negative: ""

We stayed for a couple of days. It was centrally located for us as we were wanting to travel all around Austin.

Nice. Great staff. Pool was not available; under repair. Breakfast good. Great coffee. Close to I-35.

This place needs to be upgraded.  The pool water was nasty and my room was not cleaned so had to be moved to another room!

Buena habitación pero el hotel se ve viejo

They came in to our room while we were gone and took our personal towels and mixed them with the hotel towels. I wasn’t able to shower because of this due to my skin condition. That same day we came back to the hotel and the doors were locked to the front. The gentleman in the front was very rude to us after we tried to open the doors. Horrible customer service. We won’t be staying here again. This happened on Tuesday the 18th. The only good customer service was from the Indian gentleman. The other guy was very rude. They offered nothing after they ruined our towels.

Quick business trip. Clean room, comfy bed, good breakfast. Towels were soft and I appreciated the included complimentary items. Overall restful evening and morning. Neil was very accommodating and friendly at check in. Will definitely stay again when I’m in town.

Neil was super helpful getting me checked in quick and easily, gave me an option of which floor, and was very friendly. He reminded me of the hours for free breakfast as well. This is the 2 or 3rd time I’ve stayed at this hotel when in town for business. Definitely recommend!!!

Room was clean,  bed was great, free breakfast was 👌,  Neil, front desk mgr, was amazingly hospitable and friendly!   His story is inspiring and makes me proud to live in America.  Only issue was noise from the proximity to the road, but on the flip, we were close to the interstate, so….

Our go to in Austin

Great room, quick efficient polite service at check in. Neil offered options and check for our preferences. ||Hotel is convenient and a good value for the area. Easy access from I35 to downtown areas (with a car). Safe area, also within east walking distance of scouting center

I had an extremely disappointing stay. Upon check-in, I encountered a roach in my room, which was quite unsettling. The carpet was dirty, stained, and emitted an unpleasant odor. During my five-day stay, housekeeping only serviced my room once, which was inadequate. Unfortunately, I will not be returning.

I had an extremely disappointing stay. Upon check-in, I encountered a roach in my room, which was quite unsettling. The carpet was dirty, stained, and emitted an unpleasant odor. During my five-day stay, housekeeping only serviced my room once, which was inadequate. Unfortunately, I will not be returning.

We stayed 3 nights and felt like we were at a 5 star hotel. We arrived and were checked in by Neil. He gave us a room within a few minutes and was able to provide us with good recommendations for restaurants and activities in the area

We were impressed with the room and the hotel so we decided to extend for the remainder of our trip. We booked online and Fred was able to merge the two bookings together so we didn't have to check out in the morning. We wanted extra blankets but he didn't have any and gave us duvets for the night and said to try again the next day.

The next day Brittney was able to exchange the duvets for a blanket and a comforter.

The rooms were great. The bed was comfortable and the shower was hot and spacious. The area was quiet with some expected noise from the highway, which was not a problem.

The main reason we chose this hotel was the indoor pool. It was a nice temperature and was open until 11.

Maintained well and peaceful

This is not a fancy hotel. It is a quality hotel for overnight, festival and holiday travelers. So if you're traveling and need a nice bed, bath, little market and at least some options for a free breakfast, this is exactly the place to stay. The staff was very kind.

very comfortable and clean, just as advertised.

Neil at the desk was the best. He went above and beyond in every situation. So polite. So eager. I wish I had him as an employee. His attention to detail ensured that every need was completed flawlessly. Other guest in my party often sought his advice, knowing he would provide thoughtful insights. Even during busy periods, he maintained a calm demeanor that inspired those around him. It's rare to find someone who embodies such dedication and enthusiasm in the workplace.

Had a recent stay at this location and the messed up my reservation and charged my credit card for the stay at the same time they said i didn't stay there so they wouldn't have to give me marriott points and credit for the night stay. VERY dishonest location please stay some where else.

Checked into our room to find the bed sheets were stained and long, black hairs were under the blankets. Gross. Called front desk to have the linens changed and he says housekeeping left at 3. Housekeeping needs to be written up for failing to do their job. Room smells musty and carpets were not vacuumed. Do yourself a favor and spend the extra money to stay in a clean hotel with better service.

Was for a friend. It's in Leander.

We had a great time staying in this hotel for two nights.   Nice service, clean rooms, decent breakfast...   They need to keep drinking water as well in the dining area.     I will recommend my family and friends this play for future Austin stays.

Great place to stay. Modern hotel, safe and clean. Staff was very helpful and courteous. The price was very reasonable. I definitely would stay there again if I were back in Austin, Texas.

All things were really good and I highly recommend this place

All things are good
Staff are welcoming
Breakfast was great
Rooms were clean

Brittany was awesome at check in! Loved the location.

Very neat and calm stay near Austin and helpful staff

Hardly anything is at average

We booked a room for 5 people but when we arrived for check-in we were surprised to see that they prepared a room for 4. They wanted to make 3 people sleep in a bed for 2. When we said that we booked a room for 5 (they actually knew that) they just didn’t care and said it’s not their problem. We tried to find a solution and asked if they could give us another room, we even asked for an extra mattress to sleep on the floor, but nothing mattered to them. When the manager came, she asked us to either pay for the extra room or leave the hotel and started shouting at us. The staff were not respectful at all with us and very unprofessional. We ended up leaving and going to another hotel. This hotel doesn’t deserve to be a Mariott.

Unfortunately, my experience  was disappointing. We had booked a room for five people, but upon arrival, we were given a room that could only accommodate four. The receptionist was not understanding or helpful in resolving the issue, leaving us no choice but to book a different hotel at the last minute.

This was a very stressful and inconvenient situation. I hope the hotel improves its booking and customer service processes to avoid similar issues for future guests.

We booked for 5 and they offered us a room for 4… They asked us to pay for another room when we already paid and booked everything one month ago. Worse hotel in the area, worst customer service

The service was so bad, we booked for 5 and they wanted to give us a book for four without any way to fix the situation. Very unwelcoming

Awesome clean great

Great stay!!

First time stay. Front desk pleasant. Jose was kind as Liliana (so?) same.

NEIL WAS GREAT AT CHECK IN. That’s where the good stuff ended. They have tile floors that are super slick, dangerous and over waxed. My friend slipped, fell and hit the corner of the wall and the staff didn’t want to even acknowledge that it happened or help in any way. He was horribly injured and the staff DID NOT CARE AT ALL . Here’s the picture two days later. Might want to avoid this place. If you have a life threatening emergency, I don’t think the staff will help or care.

I had an incident that was resolved

Nice place to stay. Staff were always friendly!

No coordination between them and third party apps. Also the customer service is not the best.

Nice place to stay

Brittany the front desk was super professional and had amazing manners and just made my day really recommend this hotel . The beds were comfortable and the hotel itself was very clean.

I made a last minute reservation and Neil was extremely helpful and friendly. Thanks Neil!

The experience was lovely. The lobby was clean, impressive and welcoming. Neil was stupendous with the check in process and very personable. Kudos to him for doing a great job at explaining the process. Very friendly he was .❤️

We stay at Marriott's all the time, but I have notice that they are becoming more dirtier, nobody caring, less like that we will stay their again, in fact we have to go to Austin again in Nov, but are staying at the Hilton. We reserve this suite for 4 days since we were going to ACL the second weekend of Oct, when we got their at 8:30 pm, checked in, went to room, right off the bat I had to go get towels since their were 4 of us, they only had 3 sets, which they knew at the time of the reservation 4 adults, also one of us was sleeping on the pull out couch, when i pulled it out, it had not been cleaned, looked like for months, food all over it.  When I went to get the towels, i told the night clerk (male) about these issues, he stated he could not do anything about it, I said could you leave a note about this for the maids the next day. So next day Friday comes around even though we had a Do NotDdisturb sign on the door, since we were leaving for the day/night nobody called the room, left a message on our door, heard nothing the whole time we stayed their. I had to sleep on the top of a 4 foot couch for 4 nights. Saturday morning poked my head out the door because we heard the maid, I asked for clean towels, she asked for which room, I told her and she gave them to me. Sunday when we came back from ACL late that night someone had been in our room when their was a Do Not Disturb sign on the door. This is very on safe that someone just walks into your room, replacing towels that had just been replenished on Sat. and just leaving 3 sets AGAIN. I went to the night clerk ( same guy as check in) I asked what is going on he just said I will leave a note, nobody again, no note, no call. I complained to Marriott on the website and to the Asst. Manager by email. Someone lied and said that someone named Joyce talked to us about all of this, Nobody named Joyce came to me. The Asst manger is just trying to cover herself. I opened 2 cases to find someone to help me, nobody did.  So please do not stay at this Suite as their is nobody to help resolve your issues. Just out to collect your money and give you very poor service.

Staff is great. Location a bit away from highway goid. Clean thanhs

Convenient location and clean

We are Travelfamily.canada youtuber.

Nice hotel with a great swimming pool, well-equipped gym, and cozy rooms. Had a pleasant stay with good amenities and a welcoming atmosphere. Would definitely recommend it for a comfortable experience.

Excellent location..rooms spacious...staff at check in & restaurant very courteous & helpful..only 1 recommendation..add chicken sausages to the awesome breakfast they serve...going forward this is place where i & my family will stay..keep up the good work

Great property for amazing value, have stayed here multiple times. Breakfast is good, staff are super friendly, and the hotel is very nicely maintained.

Great stay!!  Lovely help at the front desk and very clean.  Convenient location.  Highly recommend staying here whenever you need a wonderful place to stay with great customer service who are always available to help you no matter what this issue is!

No complaints!

Great hotel. Would recommend

Great!

Good hotel 👍🏻

Good good

Great experience!

As a elite member this is the worst. Still a good hotel but customer service, breakfast and others do not meet the standard. I travel 97% of the time and only stay in Marriott and I will not come back. I'm in town for 9 weeks and I'm changing hotels tomorrow even before my check out date.
For the average travel this is a great hotel, for someone who only stays at Marriott's this is below standards.
Front desk is rude (all of them), breakfast is messy at best and housekeeping keeps throwing away my silverware cups.
The water taste horrible, coffee pot had mold in it and the fridge is worse. I have to get up charge my phone. No available outlets or charging ports next to the bed. The carpet is nasty. My feet our black walking from bathroom to bed. Rooms next to me were loud even at 2am. Three times I contacted the front desk and I was told they tried, there's nothing they could do about it. Again not a Marriott standard.

Great experience

Staff was great and friendly. I just wish there was more variety with breakfast

Friendly staff

Front Desk agents are awesome!!

Locked doors, weird vibe.

The gentleman at the front desk was upset and not welcoming , I always thought you get trained to be welcoming as I worked in hospitality myself , one of the most important factors is not to be rude and the guest comes first , we stayed there as Titanium members and Neil failed to welcome us even slightly after a long day of travel and I genuinely was in so much body pain I was looking forward to a Nice stay , he also asked me to take my CREDIT CARD to the back because their slide didn’t work and we just said no ! We’ve stayed in Marriotts over 80 nights and have never seen that !
Never were asked to take a copy of our CREDIT CARD , our reservation was for 4 nights , we changed it to 2 nights , I wouldn’t stay here again.
There are some hygiene issues as well.
There were death crickets in the room.

We had a nice 3 night stay. Quiet, safe with security patrolling the parking lot, friendly crew, good free breakfast and excellent coffee. Nice rooms at reasonable prices.

Came to check into the hotel at noon. Staff refused to give me a key and said I would have to wait three hours for a room to be available. Understand they want to have a cleaning staff to go over rooms before new guests use them. Still inexcusable that an entire hotel’s worth of rooms were not clean or that it would take three hours for them to assign a cleaning staff when they had a guest asking to see the room right away. Apparently they had yet to even assign a room for me to stay in, something that should have been done at the time I booked and paid for the hotel.

Would like to say we were excited about this Hotel at First but then after arriving the first nite I had to play Mr.Plumber...requested a plunger from front desk and never got one.The next day I took care of it my self after one of the nice housekeepers (lady with blonde hair)gave me a plunger.I dont like being lied to about we will bring you a plunger and then they never show up..not good business ETHICS.So I requested Housekeeping the second day and they did everything except sweep the bathroom floor and RE MAKE THE BEDS.Dont have a clue how that happened.Beds are alot smaller than what they advertise on line.I even asked the young lady when I checked in if beds were Queen Beds and she re assured me they were.Well they are TWIN NOT QUEEN BEDS.Dont let this Hotel Fool you like They Did Me.Best of Luck.

お手頃なホテルで期待していなかった。しかし、Neilさんはじめ、スタッフ方々好印象で、また訪れたいと思った。快適な滞在でした。ありがとうございました！

I am at the front desk, terrible service/maintenance by Marriott. I asked for the manager but no one is around. They only game her name. Tenisha Herbert.  Would love to get a call from her after I check out tomorrow AM

It clean, quite, and comfortable.  Staff is friendly and courteous.

Could not fix the phone in my room and **** how hard is it to have my name on the tv i was told it was no big deal as they booked it to someone else it makes me feel like im not welcome there not a fan

Fairfield Inn — Parmer
+the breakfast buffet was pretty good and had gluten-free options.
-the queen beds were actually full-sized double beds, but two people do not fit in them. Apparently there were no queen beds in the hotel. My sister & brother-in-law couldn’t fit in one bed together.
-the couch beds were a twin-size. There were no extra pillows except what we pulled off the main beds.
-even the parking spots were shrunk. We couldn’t fit into a parking spot in the back row—they were like 25%+ narrower than the other parking spots, which were all taken.
-I requested a crib when I reserved the rooms, but no crib nor play pen was available. I booked my room several weeks prior.
-Because we couldn’t fit in the beds, we crammed into the rooms and had to sleep on couch cushions & blankets on the floor, which the hotel was barely able to provide.
-the elevator lights were either completely out or on permanently. We kept pushing to go down and would be sent up or pushed up and would be sent down.
-There were no towels at the pool. When I let the front desk person know, he went to the back while I stood there for five minutes waiting for him.. we went back to the pool thinking he was maybe going to bring them by. We waited and waited with no towels. I texted the front desk and they said I had to pick them up at the desk, which we’d just been at, waiting for him.
-The front desk person was extremely unhappy to have a job the entire time. Every time I showed up at the front desk, he acted like we were interrupting his favorite TV show or something as he reluctantly came from the back room. I felt bad bugging him so much, but we had so many issues that only he could assist with. There really wasn’t anyone else to ask to help. If he had been apologetic or just generally in a nicer mood, maybe me having to go through all the inconveniences wouldn’t have felt so frustrating.

1 1/3 stars.

Rooms clean but small. Shower/bathroom clean and nice size.   Lobby area could have  been a little cleaner (small bits and pieces of trash on the floor here and there).
Overall,  clean, staff pleasent.

Fairfield Inn 12536 North IH35 - 12536 North IH35 - Fairfield Inn, TX . Somehow my my debit card was charge 10 times. I complained to properly management Dianny Garcia and she couldn't help me resolve. Now I have to dispute all the multiple charges. A 2day stay of 203.00  turned into a 2day 580...

Good location, clean rooms with affordable pricing

Excelent suites AND services

Male Front desk staff at check in had mediocre customer service. Checked in 7/13/24 evening time. Guy at checkin seemed annoyed like he didn’t want to be at work. Asked him for towels and to charge an OJ to my room. Staff doesn’t stand and stay at front desk had to stand there and wait for someone to show up to help me. Hard to get someone on the phone when I dialed 0 to ask a question. Room was stuffy Oder. Shower curtain look like it shrunk and it didn’t cover the whole tub. No pool towels. I asked the housekeeper on our 4th floor for a towel in the morning she told me no I couldn’t have a towel. I use to work for Marriott International for 5 years & I never offered such terrible service to any of my customers: this place should be ashamed of itself. Zero stars.

Hotel bom. Bem localizado em uma região com vários fast-foods, lojas e supermercados. Quarto e banheiros grandes. Bom café-da-manhã, mas muito cheio e a área de tomar é pequena, fica apertada com pessoas em pé. Academia ok. Piscina coberta sempre movimentada. Ponto negativo foi que não há arrumação todos os dias e não trocam as toalhas do quarto. Tem que pedir na recepção...

Staff was some of the friendliest I've dealt with, anywhere. But our room was pretty dirty. We found plastic cups next to the bed, used wash cloth in the bathroom... The tv remotes didn't work. The actual room and hotel were far below the standard I typically experience at a Marriott. The location was awesome though.

Good hotel with basic amenities, but it fulfills the need of sleep, breakfast & pool 😊

My vehicle window was taken out in the back and my shoes and personal items stolen. DO NOT COME HERE! THE CAMERAS DO NOT WORK THEY ARE LYING TO GET YOUR MONEY! THE ROOM WAS DISGUSTING. WE WERE GIVEN DIRTY TOWELS AND BEDDING. FOR THE MONEY WE SPENT IT WAS RIDICULOUS TO HAVE TO PAY MORE FOR A BREAK IN OF MY VEHICLE AND A SORRY ROOM!

Cool place to relax

Rooms are very dirty. I don’t think they clean the beds. Horrible experience

Disappointed! Disgusting rooms, very dirty, cockroaches are everywhere. The worst experiences ever!

It was wonderful experience in this hotel. Variety of breakfast options to choose from and off course it’s free. I travel often with my family and I must agree this is family friendly too. I will definitely choose this hotel again

biggest problem with our stay was cleanliness of our room. there were many roaches throughout the whole room, the microwave/fridge area and the bathroom specifically was riddled with the tiny home roaches. absolutely disgusting, was scared to leave any food out. even had roaches all over our bags and items in the middle of the night. considering this is a marriott hotel, we’d expect much better service. i do not blame housekeeping at all as i’m sure they do the best they can with limited time. another downfall was the “continental” breakfast, that only included: bread, eggs, sausages, & cereal. all in a very small space with very limited seating, for a hotel with 5 floors you’d expect more options and more dining space.

Amazing Hotel

MGMT

Our go to place! We’ve incidentally stayed here the last three times we’ve been in Austin and it’s been great every time.

It's a fine hotel. Close to 35. So lots of car noise. Expect to be woken up my emergency vehicle sirens going down the road.

Worst experience I’ve ever had with any Hotel. Upon arriving at the property they had a pile of trash by the Lobby entrance, the guy at the counter was dressed like he had just came back from playing basketball and did not look professional at all. He asked for my physical ID which unfortunately I wasn’t able to provide because I forgot my wallet at home (Louisiana) 6 plus hours away. I showed him my LA Wallet and basically once I said I didn’t have a physical ID he was done and basically dismissed me. I was on my own.

The room was a bit small but nice

I had a really nice stay here! Although not immaculate, the rooms were cozy and quiet, the front desk staff was very very nice, and they provided an amazing breakfast. Even oat milk for the coffee!! And the coffee was strong and delicious.

Easy check in, room was clean , towels weren't yellow,actually white thankfully. The air conditioner  in the room was the issue. It was the loudest I've ever heard. It made noise all night long like it was dying.

Un buen lugar para descansar

“Worst hotel experience we have ever encountered. The front staff first gave my wife and I a dirty room. The second room they gave to us the tv didn’t work. It took 40 minutes for the maintenance man to come and fix it. He refused to leave our room after asking several times over a 10 minute period. I felt that was highly inappropriate. When a woman asks you to leave her room you leave. Period. We ended up going the stay without a tv. The following morning someone opened the door to our room without knocking to announce themselves. When I went to checkout and let the assistant manager know the issues we had experienced, instead of showing empathy and understanding she became irate and disrespectful. She pointed her finger in my wife’s face and accused her of yelling at her maintenance man. When I tried to explain my wife needed to shower and he would not leave she would not let me finish my sentence. Instead, she kept speaking over the customer (me) in a very uneducated way. I will never stay at a Marriott again after what my wife and I experienced at this hotel. Do not stay there. The rooms are dirty. The electronics to do work. The staff come into your room with out knocking. The assistant manager needs some hospitality training absolutely. Worst. Experience.

The worst hotel management staff and front desk personnel, especially Vonkay.

Upon arriving I experienced the longest check in time in my lifetime. Once I got to the front desk to check in. Neil the front desk person said he could not find my Priceline booking. He called someone to get my booking info from. And since the person hung up on him, he started checking other people in. Mind you he still had my ID and debit card.

I said to him “why are you checking people in? I was here before them so why should I have to wait? It doesn’t make any sense.” Neil said that he was done checking that next person in.

Now if I weren’t black I’m sure he wouldn’t have checked me in before the line of white people. I was pissed. He checked me in after assisting two other people. I kept having to say something to him. His actions were very disrespectful. He tried to strike up conversation and all to lighten the mood. But nothing will cover what he did and how he treated me like I wasn’t a priority in front of other people. I wouldn’t recommend this hotel to anyone I know. At this point I need the corporate office number so that I can voice this concern. It’s an expensive hotel on top of that so I definitely wouldn’t have expected that type of treatment nor service from a hotel as such.

It took an hour for me to check in. The only good thing was the room. But I would never come back here as a person of color. Neil needs to either receive extended training or he needs to be terminated. There’s no way whomever thought Neil could work at the front desk ALONE. Don’t waste your time nor money here. Go somewhere where you’ll be respected and treated as a priority.

The staff are either untrained or do not wish to fulfill bookings. I waited 30 minutes for him to tell me I could pay double what I already paid for the same reservation. It seems the only way to stay here is to book directly which is significantly more expensive. There are other options in every direction that are cheaper and more competent.

Great room nice hotel friendly staff. Very helpful at front desk

Great place!

To echo what many other reviewers have previously stated, this hotel and more specifically its management staff have trouble being honest & fulfilling legitimate bookings.

I arrived on Sunday to check in for a 6 night stay and was told by the front desk staff that, because I was traveling on the Explore form (friends & family rate), the maximum I could stay was 2 nights and they had shortened my reservation. No call. No text. No email. Requests for a manager or anyone in management to call to discuss this ridiculous “policy” were promptly ignored.

Lots of hotel options in Austin and this should be at the absolute bottom.

Poorly managed. They overbooked the hotel and cancelled my room with no notification. Will never book here again.

Road noise drowned out by noisy AC

Could not recommend this hotel enough. Very friendly staff and the room was very clean and had a very comfortable vibe to it. This hotel just feels causal with the way the room is designed and painted and that made me feel very welcomed. Very safe location too and they have a security person in the parking lot at night. Near a lot of amenities and not that far from downtown and The Domain.

I made a reservation for the US Grand Prix at an excellent rate, which was advertised on their website.  About four months after I made this reservation the hotel cancelled it without warning claiming a "system error".  Of course this was too late for me to get a reasonable reservations near the event as they are sold out in the Austin area.  Obviously the hotel realized I got a great rate and needed to cancel it to get a higher paying customer.  I am also the highest level of Bonvoy member.  I wasn't given the opportunity to get the room at this location at a different rate, simply cancelled via email.  Also, the manager refuses to return my calls.  Horrible management! If you have an important event and need a guaranteed room I'd avoid this Marriott property.

Es un lugar tranquilo, relajante y el servicio es bueno

It is a quiet, relaxing place and the service is good.

As a railroad welder I move around a lot and use  corporate lodging and this is the first hotel in 2 years that made checking in and extending a room difficult. Front desk staff could be a little friendlier but all in all not a bad place, access to stores, restaurants, etc right out the door.

Está bueno el hotel pero los bonvoy aquí te tratan igual que cualquiera, están con más hoteles alado de SpringHills y residence
Si vienes de pasada dale pero siento que hay mejores opciones

Thought I was getting a suite at a much lower price,  but it ended up being a regular room.   The room was nice,  but for $20 more at a nearby establishment, I would have gone with the suite instead.   This hotel does not support the Marriott Bonvoy key on your phone option.  Breakfast was OK, but there was only one waffle maker, so unless you had 20 minutes to wait around for it to be available, waffles were not really an option.

Great hotel and location.. surroundings are safe and also there is a patrol car on the lookout , the gym is good and open 24*7 as well..breakfast was decent

Traveled to Austin for our daughters' basketball tournament and really enjoyed our stay here. Great hotel, a convenient location for food and shopping.

I've stayed here about 4 or so times. This is the last time. The rooms are not kept well. Beds don't really smell clean. Often things are not replenished, like the tissues. This morning when I hopped into the shower the body wash bottle was completely empty. Although the location is ideal for my purposes, it's not a safe location. They allow people to loiter. One time I was waiting to check in a person from the streets who was not a guest kept coming in to grab handfuls of candy from the jar at the counter.  People sit in cars in the parking lot. Last night I parked near a security car, which I think they have mostly for decoration. I saw a guy sitting in a car in front of me while I was getting my bags from my vehicle. This is not the first time I've noticed someone sitting in their vehicle while I unload my bags at this hotel, but this time I had a very strong, uneasy feeling and the thought that my vehicle would be broken into popped in my head. I wish I had listened to my intuition and gone to another hotel, because sure enough, when I went out to my vehicle this morning, the driver side window was smashed and all my belongings had been rifled through and thrown about. It's not a big parking lot. I don't know what hours the "security" patrol. Whatever it is, it's not enough. Don't stay here.

We gathered for a business meeting in one of the conference rooms. Location was key, and accessibility was easy to get to. It is located in the North Austin area, which is ideal for our needs.

Thin walls

I liked this hotel. The staff was nice, the design was typical of a Marriott hotel, the breakfast was good. There are 2 other hotels nearby. It's located well. What I needed was 15-20 minutes away max. Nice pond nearby.
Plenty of parking.

Please AVOID  this hotel if possible! You will defiantly get what you paid for.  Upon arrival to my room I was checking in and the customer in front of me had a complaint. He told the front desk employee that he found 2 water bugs in his bed and wanted to get it changed. She told him there was nothing she could do and that all the rooms were full. She had an attitude about the situation and left it at that. It was time for me to check in and it went smoothly, but upon entering my room that's where the problem occurred. It smelled funny, it felt damp, air barely worked etc. I walk around and go into the bathroom and it's very disgusting. (See pictures attached). It was mold in the shower, it looked like the shower had just been used  before I arrived there, There was a dirty, used face towel. There was red hair on the walls, mind you I'm bald so couldn't have been my hair. It smelled horrible, It was disgusting. No way I wanted to take a shower or even sleep there. I notified the front desk and they told me there is nothing they could do because they were full. I didn't feel comfortable staying there for the night. I called a family member who stayed close and asked if I could just stay they night to take a shower and get a decent night sleep. I called Marriott customer service opened a customer complaint case that night. I left and came back to check out the hotel next morning,  I was asked by the front desk employee why I opened a case and how can it be fixed. When I asked to speak to the manager they were unavailable and was told they would be calling me the next day. It has been 10 days. I have emailed the GM, and assistant GM, 2x called 2x, and I still have not gotten a response from anyone. So, maybe they will see this post and reach out because I am not letting this go. I have been a Marriott member for years and never had a complaint and this has by far been the worse stay! I should've known with it being a 2 star hotel. Never again.

Great hotel for the price. A famous Tejano band was also staying here and shared my opinion of this property.

Everything was good woth the room but most of the amenities like the pool was closed, that should be on the reservation when you book. The service was meh, you walk in to people who definitely do not want to be there.

For business travel it was great .

DONT STAY HERE!! Me and my husband had to go out to Austin because he’s had to take his Plumber examination, we checked in Sep. 22 and checked out Sep. 24. We got a discounted rate for $105 and when I arrived check in was smooth, but the next morning management comes in saying I need to check out. After I explained to her we had the room for two nights she apologized. But I was upset so after my husband’s exam I told him let’s go. Then I go to check out and we drove by to Houston. The next day I got charged $52, $232, $76. I’m blowing this hotel up and each manager I spoke with gave me the run around. They told me they couldn’t find my reservation and they couldn’t dispute the charge. So I took it upon myself to cancel the card on file and dispute it with the bank. Problem solved up until today! It’s been a month and a week and my account got charged $127! I’m calling the hotel and NO RESPONSE!! This is the worst hotel experience I’ve had!! Someone needs to change management because there’s no need for them to run my bank information a month later!! Someone is definitely stealing from people that choose to stay at your hotel!

Hotel was good enough for a short stay. No cooking space or electric stoves. Only microwave and fridge available in room which would be great for much longer stays. Breakfast is same everyday no changes which is pretty boring...apart from that everything else in this place is awesome. The heated pool and the clean gym is notably awesome...housing keeping is not great. They only re arrange the rooms and barely vaccum or change sheets frequently.

The AC fan always kept running, which caused an annoying noise.
System was down so we were told we cannot do a late check out .
The breakfast didn’t have wheat bread of any kind and the buffet was smaller compared to similar grade hotels

Good hotel.  The bed was comfortable, the shower was good, and the AC worked well so I would stay again because that is what you want.  The furniture is a little scratched up and dated and the AC was loud  but for it's age this is a good place to be

I had a great stay . Tyler at the front desk was great help and was super friendly.  I travel for my job and stayed in many hotels . I think he was the best front desk  guy .

I had a great experience at Fairfield Inn, Tyler. The check-in process was very pleasant, and the staff was friendly and accommodating. They made me feel welcome from the moment I arrived. Looking forward to the rest of my stay!

I was on this location for the proximity to my work, but definitely I don't recommend this hotel,
# 1, I asked for towels and they didn't have any to exchange the ones I used;
# 2, the water on the pool is not clean, and cold;
# 3, gym facilities are ok, but equipment not works properly;
# 4, breakfast area is not organized, even the breakfast Attendant ask for my room number several times, and they told me was not complementary, they told I have to pay;
# 5 customer service lack of empathy, I received an extra charge for a pet I didn't have, I'm allergic to pets (seems like the guest before me was having pets, cause I can't stop sneezing) I requestedroom moved, and Front desk state no rooms was available,  and if I want to move I should paid an extra charge, really!!! Also I encounter a lot of bad attitude coming from front desk (I believe the gentleman name is Manuel) he definitely need more training, Tyler was more condescending, respectful and helpful, so everyone who is reading this be careful with this place.

Very clean rooms and service was great

It was a 11pm check in.  The welcome was only cool.  The king-sized-bed room was reasonably sized, but with a bit of smell.  Not a bad smell but not a scent neither.  The room and bathroom were ok and clean and neat.  Exercise room was ok with some weights and treadmills (somehow I didn't know how to get them work).  Better if they have a bit more machines in there with staff occasionally checking if the machines are working.  Breakfast was very simple.  No freshly cooked eggs, no soy/oat milk.  Quite basic but acceptable considering the price of the room.  The check out was warmer and heartful.

Stayed at this Fairfield Inn for couple Of nights for work travel. Excellent location, it’s close to major highways, lots of restaurants nearby & ample parking (no EV charging stations though).

Rooms are clean but but small, Staff is courteous & do a good job. My only problem was their enhanced Wi-Fi didn’t work, which was not good experience as I had to work from hotel. It took much longer to get things done. They couldn’t figure out why it wasn’t working.

Breakfast area is well stocked for a continental breakfast. Hotel Lobby is decent. We didn’t use Swimming pool or Gym, so can’t comment on those.

I will go back in future as Property looks fresh & well managed.

Tyler helped me out when we were having a rough evening due to a flood in our home. His positive vibes and courtesy for amenities given for the room were absolutely delightful!

Definitely a knock off Marriott. But in reality it’s more like a motel. The hotel is very dated and needs some serious upgrades.

I was here for business and unfortunately couldn’t find any other hotels at the last minute. It is convenience and in close proximity to businesses. But otherwise a hard pass.

AC is noisy, the bathroom is small and smelly. The exhaust don’t work. Wi-Fi is slow. I mean even being a gold member, the Wi-Fi was terribly slow. My phone cellular internet was waaay faster.

This hotel was decent. Wish they had queen size beds instead of full size. The pool was a little small but heated and my toddler loved it. It also is opened to 11 pm which is awesome. The beds were comfortable and soft. Breakfast was GREAT. They had melon and my toddler was thrilled! Lots of choices for breakfast which is a big PLUS in my book. Overall we enjoyed our stay.

Good for location, cleanses and service. Will book again next time.

Quiet hotel in a business district. Pool needs mat to reduce fall when entering the elevator

Wrong room. Overcharged from the reservation I made through the app and the WiFi doesn't work

Autumn and Lilian where awesome and very nice. Very personal and professional ladies during check-in.  Everyone was honest and knowledgeable about the rooms and the entire hotel.
We were very pleased with staff. It is nice when the check- in is easy and the employees can answer your questions. It gave us CONFIDENCE in our stay, knowing staff wants to work there.
Great job ladies. 👍👍
See y'all next time.

Good breakfast and coffee, room was a little small but nicely furnished, beds are comfortable

Close enough to the highway but quiet.

Not very comfortable for sure . Try it to found out

They ran out of tortillas at breakfast and the yogurt was locked.... I am unsure of the reason for this level of security for cultured dairy, is there a yogurt theft ring in Austin I do not know about?

Amazingly comfortable hotel with everything you need and conveniently located outside of the density of Austin proper.

Not great, hair on the wall of the shower, pillows aren't same as usual Fairfields, desk was crammed in corner with AC blocking the ability to roll or lean back in chair, just seemed kind of dumpy :(

Nice and quiet and everything went smoothly. That's all I can't ask for really :]

Good place to stay everything  was convenient

I was happy to get this place after I got a less than ideal hotel using Hotwire’s Hot Deals. Worth the $129 difference in cost. I stayed here from 5/3-5/9. The room was clean and had a solid temperature.. this is Austin we are talking about. It was easy to get around from the hotel, but got lost a couple times trying to get to the building late at night time. Solid Parking spots!

Cons:
If you have high expectations for breakfast here, I’m sorry to tell you, you won’t be happy. 2 stars at best, but expected.

Ice machine wasn’t working on all floors. after 5/3

I didn’t get housekeeping service on 5/5. My mom and I asked 2 separate times in the afternoon on 5/5. 5/6? Still nothing. The kind blonde hair Woman apologized for the inconvenience and told us the morning manager who used to work in housekeeping will be sure to get it correct. They did! Not a fantastic hotel along I-35, but a lot better than the Extended Stay America on
Louis Henna Blvd

They have to do something about these jammed AC (and noisy) into the bed!

Nice n quite place. Good service hearty breakfast and ever smiling ,helpful staff. It is a pleasure to be here. This my third time stay.  Thanks.

Disappointing. Big sticky stain in the middle of the carpet, shampoo container broken off, smoke detector hanging from the ceiling, two of the workout machines were out of order. It feels like they just aren’t trying to maintain this hotel.

삼성반도체 오스틴 공장까지 10분! 위치는 매우 좋습니다.좀 올드한 호텔인데 청결하고 직원들 매우 친절합니다.단점은 클리닝이 너무 느려서 오후3-4시가 되도 안되있는 경우가 대부분ㅠ아침조식이 너무 단조로움ㅠ

Primero quise cancelar y me dijeron que ya no se podía por que ya había pasado la hora de entrada (aproximadamente 13:30)  llegamos y nos dijeron que no había habitaciones, nos hicieron esperar en el lobby por más de una hora, después vimos que estaban entregando habitaciones a personas que llegaron DESPUÉS, tuvimos que ir y aclarar esa situación,  por fin nos dieron la habitación, las señoritas de recepción pésimas,  muy mala actitud,  mal capacitadas, pésimo servicio al cliente.

Its age is showing. Suites are small

Great service; clean rooms;

Everything is good. Breakfast is not so great

Everything about this place is disappointing and I didn't feel safe leaving my car in the lot.

The room was small,but I thought it was very  nice,we overslept,and they let us make it., I give it 9 on a  1 to 10

Pretty awesome experience at this Marriott. It is close to the domain area and right on IH-35. Loved staying here.

Great staff always. But no room is
the same, the air conditioners whine, wheeze, and squeak. I had to fix flappers on two of three toilets my last three stays. Marginal breakfast, especially for those living a keto lifestyle. Typical freeway location, easy access to lots of important places, and 18 lanes of city and interstate traffic within 600 yards to sing your lullaby.

Great

The room was dated but it was clean. On another note, my main issue were the girls at the front desk, they were rude, unorganized and unprofessional. There is a gentleman that works there in the morning and he was kind and caring unlike the girls from the evening shift. I will never stay there again. I had an extra day left to stay but I left a day early, I couldn’t wait to leave. Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere.

Nice location, but terrible service. I booked my hotel through priceline and reserved a king room. When I got there, the front desk lady told me there is no clean king room, only standard rooms. When I asked her how long it may take to clean the room (mind you this was around 4pm in the evening), she said she will let me know after talking to a room service person. She asked me to stepped aside for her to help other customers. I did and sat down for more than 45 minutes when a second lady came and asked her what is going on with me. She talked to her in Spanish (unfortunately for her I understand Spanish) and told her I booked through a third party and she does not want to give me the king room. I reserved.  After their conversation,  the second lady told her to allocate 7 king rooms for third party bookers and that's it.
She then called me and gave me a king room. The room was just ok. Seems as if someone just left and they put things together in a hurry.
Blood stain on the mattress as shown on the attached picture. This is room 301. Can be verified.
Sad.

It was during an ice storm. Few people showed up for work all over the area. Fred, ghe Night Auditor was great. He was doing everything and did not complain. He understands quality and exceptional service.

Clean, quiet, friendly staff

Awesome

We recently stayed at the Fairfield Inn & Suites at 12536 North I-35, Austin, TX.  Our experience was wonderful, as usual.  (We stay here when we are in town for business and pleasure.)  This stay was even better this time because of a Night Clerk named Melissa.
Our plans changed and Melissa went above and beyond to assist us with the cancellation of another hotel reservation and ensure we were not charged any penalties.  We were scheduled to check out and extend our stay at another hotel.  But because of Melissa, we extended our stay at this hotel.  She was very courteous, professional, and helpful.  And this is true of all the other employees.  We have been greeted with smiles, no matter the hour.  Everyone is courteous, professional, and helpful.
We will continue to book all our future reservations with this Fairfield.

Muy limpio y agradable

My co-worker & I were shocked at how rude the guy at the front desk was to us. I arrived at 2am my flight was so late & he argued logistics of my letting me in my room. My room is booked & paid for by my company ahead of time, why is this so hard to understand?? He made me call my coworker at 230am & wake him up after trying to convince me I was at the wrong hotel & my coworker was not booked there. My coworker then came downstairs, the front desk clerk argued logistics w him & he made him call the company's owner. It's now after 3am. And he finally acknowledged I had a reservation & gave me my card. COMPLETELY UNACCEPTABLE.

Worst customer service I have ever received. I didn’t even stay my second night there because I was still upset over the experience I had received from the night before by the front desk agent. My uncle had booked my room for me because my house did not have heat  due to the my heater being broken. He had given me his credit card to use, when I had arrived she had let me know that she couldn’t check me in because the card did not match my id; which is totally understandable,  I was not aware I couldn’t do that. I bank with chime and apparently it’s not supported at the hotel. I have been without heat for 4 days and I didn’t want to go back home to a 50 degree house so I asked her what should I do because those were the only two cards that I have. Her response was “ I’ll do it this one time but you need to get a REAL bank” and starts listing off all the well known banks. She then takes my card and swipes it and says “it’s just protocol” afterwards. I told her that I get it but I was highly offended that she told me I needed to get a real bank as if I could just open a bank account with a debit card on hand at 8pm on Christmas Eve. To add further to my insult/embarrassment; as I’m waiting on the elevator to go to my room, I could literally hear her telling a customer that was standing behind me while I was trying to check in; everything that was going on with me and what kind of card that I was using. I was highly embarrassed that she was telling my business to a complete stranger. When I confronted her and asked for corporates number and told her that she did not need to tell my business to people she didn’t even apologize for her actions she just said “it’s a 1800 number you can find it on google”. Completely ruined my experience there. I would rather stay in a cold house than to have to deal with something like that ever again.

Room are good. Breakfast was good too. Nice staff.

I was skeptical due to some of the reviews but had a great stay! Would definitely stay again

Room was clean and ac works great. Front desk was nice and delightful. Shower in our king was huge. They have a lavender and eucalyptus shampoo/conditioner as well as body wash available. Bed is comfortable. We had difficulty with our door locking but too tired to make a fuss

Horrible experience, lost money, and had to sleep in car because of this location having new and/ or different check in policies concerning deposit for incidentals. I was refused check in because most cards that most people use for this sort of thing are not accepted here. Making matters worse, went to my bank to deposit cash via ATM only to have the ATM malfunction and not return my card, didn't get it back until the next afternoon. Only major credit cards and mainstream bank/ FCU debit cards are accepted according to the lady at the front desk that did not allow me to check into my already paid for reservation that BTW she denied me a refund for.

Dirty room, you can find cockroach in the room, Un professional staff. Definitely not a a Marriott standard.

There were some issues when I intially checked in on Friday as I checked in on the app ahead of time. There were no digital keys available and the desk clerk was not as knowledgeable as I would expect from the Marriott. I may not consider staying at this location again unless something changes with the staff there.

Pool was out of order.

I am writing this review as a honored Bonvoy member. The Marriott Franchise licensing team must audit the lodging LLC that runs this place the neighboring properties…
The hotel has run out of soap and towels as of this morning.
For a Marriott chain and the price point in Austin, this hotel is not worth to stay !

Very friendly service!! Will recommend to any one, this is my third time to stay with them

No bar soap provided. They were out of it. Pool was not operating. Place looked run down from the last time we stayed 4 years ago.

Made a reservation about 11 30 one evening while passing through. The room I reserve was not available even though I just booked it. The first room I was given, room 326 smelled of horrible body odor? Sweat? I don’t know. Second room I was given had not been properly cleaned. Not convinced the front desk clerk didn’t attempt to quickly make it while checking to see that it was clean. There was still dirty towels in the bathroom and used soap. The next morning the computer in the lobby I was hoping to use to print a document was out of order. Would not recommend, maybe it was an off day, but I wouldn’t chance it.

Clean comfortable hotel

They tried to charge us incidental fees upon checkout and tried to charge us $ 109 for a room we paid $68 dollars for on hotwire because the lady at check-in supposedly upgraded us to a two bed room after we complained because we booked a room with bed and sleeper sofa so all 3 of us could fit and sleep comfortably, and originally they put us in a room with only one bed! No mention of extra cost was made... It was actually pre paid before we arrived at hotel. EVEN SO, WITH MY MARRIOTT BONVOY ACCOUNT I AM SUPPOSED TO BE ABLE TO GET ROOM UPGRADES IF/WHEN THEY ARE AVAILABLE! AND NOT FOR $40+ A NIGHT!!!!

Very gross

My Stay at the Fairfield was a nightmare. The first couple of nights were okay,  The optional room service was to be expected(not coming in to hang the towels and not making the bed or vacuuming) but the mouse droppings in the bed were totally unexceptable. I also use a cpap machine/mask. The thought of sleeping with mice is and having them possibly playing in the mask that covers my mouth and nose well I can't even express my disgust. I checked out at 1:30am. They did provide me with accommodations across the parking lot at the Springhill Suites for the last 3 days of my stay. After not receiving a call or email to discuss the problem, I was checking my card for charges after returning home. I couldn't believe that a charge from the Fairfield appeared. I Immediately called them and the situation still is not resolved. NEVER AGAIN!!!

As of today, I am still waiting on Management Tanisha to call me back. This was the absolute worse. There was no ironing board. I called about the TV and the phone didn’t work. I finally called from my cell phone. Once I got the desk person on the phone, she was very rude and told me the phone lines were down. I told her the TV wasn’t working and she said did you try this or try that and i told her yes and she said that she couldn’t get anyone to come and check it out until 3am. She also told me she couldn’t move me to another room.  I asked her could i speak to the manager and she said they won’t be back until Monday. I called on Monday and spoke to Tanisha who was a new manager and voiced my disappointment about my visit. She said she was new and would get back with me. Well i am still waiting on a phone call. To top it off, i stayed in another Fairfield Marriott in Dallas we we had to move our rooms 3 times for different reasons. This is the absolute worse service. Never staying at another one.

This place is too noisy to sleep during the night. The windows are not sound proof at all considering the building is so close the the highway. Do not recommend for anyone and won’t live there anymore

Friendly staff . Enjoyed our week stay for mini getAway .

Was great night stay in door pool was fun

Clean, comfy beds, good breakfast and nice staff! Recommend for a short stay!

Ashley was a fantastic ambassador of your brand. Thank you Ashley for a great stay, I will be staying here again.

My room is a bit on the small sides. Breakfast is hot and good

Terrible night , a lot bee in room , the bee bites my kid while  he slept 😞😞

Like the room and location. Ice machines not working on any floors. Not impressed with a staff member.

This could have been a 5 star review. The hotel is nice and the room was clean, you can't ask for much more than that. The reason I had to take off a star was lack of communication. My check-in using the app would not work. This is a great feature but I have no problem checking in onsite as it only takes a minute. I noticed the hallway was really hot but I was not staying in the hallway so not a issue, at least for now. The room was nice and comfortable. I came back late afternoon on day 2 and could not get in my room. Remember the hot hallway...now its at least 90 as I try to get the lock open. After a couple minutes I went back down to talk to the front desk. They said the locks do get stuck! Really, a little notice of this known fact would have been helpful at check-in. Never try to hide problems, be upfront from the start! I tried again and still can't get this door open. I tried calling and got put on hold for 4 minutes. Now I'm really hot so I walk down again and have someone come up to get this door open and show me the magic touch required. A bit of a pull, hold and turn action to make it release. I did notice I had to force it closed from the inside to make the deadbolt lock. From past experience with locks if they start acting up don't be surprised if you are locked in when it decides to go out for the last time.  The hotel needs to fix these kind of issues or not rent the room. It's that simple!

Mal servicio de la manager

I had stayed at this hotel with my family (of 5 big people) twice within the past two weeks (traveling around the cities and accommodating our round trip flight).

In the first stay, their computer system was down, so we had to leave our items in their conference room (locked). Understandably, the person working up front was overwhelmed, but was still courteous to us. While that was an inconvenience, the hotel lobby and halls from what I had seen were clean. The room was a decent size; we had booked for the two bed + folding couch room (no complaints about size/spacing). A small thing I noticed was one of the staff smoking in front of the building where there was a “no smoking within 15 feet” sign hung before the doors.

In our second trip, they accommodated us by letting us check in an hour early since we had arrived earlier than anticipated. We had the same type of room on a different floor. 3 things I noticed: the tub was dirty (pink bacteria clusters in the corners and mold under the caulk); the toilet handle was broken and kept dispensing water; and when I changed the thermostat of the room to “auto,” it began to emit a burning smell instantly.

Budget-wise, it was okay, but you’ll find a more decent hotel elsewhere.

First of all the shower was disgusting! The rooms were mediocre to put it nicely. They overcharged my card. Then double charged my card! Front desk was unprofessional. I could go on, but you can book a nicer room for the same price.

You are thieves. You charged our card for a room that was booked under a similar name and are trying to keep our money instead of accepting that it was you and your people that messed up. This morning you cussed at us in person after the second time we sat and waited for your manager that never seems to be there where when you tell us they will be there. You're dirty trash people.

Was checked into the wrong room. My credit card was put on two rooms mine and someone else’s I was charged for both rooms and when you bring it up to management they tell you that they’re waiting on the other party to pay for the room before I can get a refund. Had to call customer care through the Marriott to resolve the problem.

Not a friendly place, the night clerk made it extremely clear that they are independently owned and not chain owned. The morning clerk seemed aggravated that it was brought to attention. You figure when you pay 140 + a night you get a clean shower and room.

I was disappointed with my visit this time around. The bathroom shower looked nasty. I'm assuming it's just rust but not pleasant to look at. The way the shower  doors were set up there was no way to get in without getting wet.  It was an overhead shower head and the water automatically starts pouring out over you when you turn it on. Toilet clogged upon first use and it ran the entire weekend i was there. Non stop. Very annoying.  I guess there was a leak. The bowl was losing water somehow so the tank would run again to top off the water level then lose water then refill... over and over and over.   So annoying. When we arrived there were bus loads of high school children. That was scary but thankfully they were quiet.  Place was oversold and stayed during the weekend where apparently they were switching door locks and keys so we never had access to our room on our own.  We had to wait on the front desk person everytime we needed in our room. Also at breakfast they had no butter no honey no napkins

Once our flight arrived at 1:30pm we called and asked if we could possibly drop off our bags or check in early. We were told “no ma’am” which was fine. We then dropped of our belongings at a friends home and figured we would check in later. At 11:30 pm we walk into the hotel with the lobby full. There was one person working. He said the key system wasn’t working so he was checking in guests on the computer then running to each floor to manually open doors to rooms that guests said were theirs (security/safety risk). At 12:30 am he opened the room that I had booked and paid for a month prior and there was another persons items in and the bathroom light was on. I called him back and he said to wait downstairs. We waited downstairs until 1:30 am and he then told us the hotel was full, told me he canceled my room so I will get a refund and moved on to help another guest. He didn’t offer a list of other hotels in the area or even pause to apologize. We were kicked out of the hotel room (which he confirmed was booked under my name and already paid for) and told to find another room at 1:30 am in a city we were not familiar with and didn’t not have a car in. The lobby was full of other guests also having an equally unpleasant experience. The next Marriott Fairfield we chose to stay at said they were not affiliated but mentioned we should be reimbursed for the last minute and more expensive room we were forced to book at 2 am. The hotel owners have not done anything more than send two responses with brief insincere apologies. We have then tried calling Marriott corporate 4 separate times and put in 4 claims and still have not received a cal or email 3 weeks later. First and last time with this company. But lets be honest, they do not care about us at all.

Great price breakfast was good 👍

Clean organized no troubles always on point and professionally great courtesies staff is very polite respectful and always there to help the Gentleman that help me checked in  Monteilh .A. was very sweet understandable and was able to help me check in with no problems.stress free👍

We didn't have a key during our stay.

Wonderful as always

No tienen suministro como tuallas y jabon

Attitude reflects leadership. Get new management snd then perhaps the staff would have some customer service skills.

Good location..away from downtown but near to IT offices

This hotels key card maker has been down for about 2 weeks ,the person checking you in for reservations has to escort you to your room because the cards don't work.If you leave your room either you have to leave the door ajar ,or wait for the escort,they will not tell you this on their website,so be aware.

I absolutely loved it here. Front desk were very attentive to our needs and very friendly. The staff in all areas were very courteous to us and kitchen staff worked hard to give us an excellent breakfast. Thank you all, we will definitely be coming back and staying here again. 👍😁

Tenía un tiradero de agua 😞 del refrigerador que mojo toda la alfombra y el de recepción muy mala atención

Worst place to stay at.
1) Room does not have keys, always front desk person needs to let us in. management does not want to give any discount for the inconvenience caused to us.
2) Hotel does not even provide water bottle as complementary.
3) Rooms lighting was very dim.
4)No hand wash at the bathroom sink
5) They said that they were out of plates while serving breakfast, we had breakfast in small paper cups.

To all the folks who want to stay at this place, please be ready to face this kind of worst experiences.

Air conditioning barely works in the room. Most of the staff is polite and prompt, others are quite the opposite. My key card doesn't work and they can't fix it or provide a different room. I have to have a staff member let me in my room every time. The room was clean and much of the place is 'good enough'. I would stay here again but it wouldn't be my first choice.

Had to wait over an hour for my check-in after a long drive.  Then my key doesn't work and I have to wait for them to let me up to my room.

TV doesn't work, no card key for room and they have to let you in manually, rooms are small.

We went in a big group made a reservation a year in advance, we got there like around  5PM the day of the reservation , rooms were not ready, they ended up giving the rooms to some of us after 9PM, most of the employees were treating us like of were staying there for free, Terrible service

So I actually gave them a decent review and it is a really nice and comfortable hotel. I really notice that within maybe the past few years a lot of hotels charge deposits or a fee for using the market or anything else as it’s much easier to charge instead of handling cash. So I booked three stays here and was pleased with the service, however, money is money whether you use a bank card or credit card it spends all the same, I don’t see anyone  turning it down when you go to book it and pay the sites sure don’t say well you are using a loaded card so no thanks money is money, next no working ice machines, no reason why they shouldn’t be ,as much as the rooms cost. I’m not swaying anyone not to stay here, the service was great and the people are very nice. Last thing most of the hotels are not providing service as most of them just don’t have the staff which is understandable, but this is still a hotel they should at least knock maybe just ask, I think you have to call down maybe a day before or maybe two and they can get them up the following day if you are staying longer than a few days or so. I enjoyed my stay.

Best experience in a hotel in a long time! Front desk staff was amazing and so kind! Clean rooms, good breakfast and great hospitality! Will definitely return.

My girlfriend and I have been staying here for the past couple years and used to really enjoy the staff and the service. The staff is now not very friendly and the maintenance of this hotel has gone way downhill. I don’t know if money is not being put into it but for our local trips we will now look for a different hotel. We like having a Marriott membership so still want to use that. We do not feel appreciated as Marriott members.

Service was great. Breakfast was great. Hotel was clean.

Need a better manager of these amenities.

Too many things in the room were non- functional and never got addressed. The staff was very pleasant.

One word for facilities : excellent!

My husband and I stayed here for 4nights and on the last night we saw a mouse in our room and later on also discovered that the mouse had eaten some of our food. Disgusting. Front desk gave moved us to a different room but the i was traumatized by the fact how nasty this hotel was where we stayed for 4 nights. Never going back and don't recommend anyone to stay here.

Buena estancia, limpia y comoda. Camas no muy grandes pero suficiente para dos personas.

The hotel is in a good location. However, the hotel rooms need maintenance attention. There is black mold growing in the shower.

Mouse in our room! My husband and I stayed here for 4nights and on the last night we saw a mouse in our room and later on also discovered that the mouse had eaten some of our food. Disgusting.  Front desk gave moved us to a different room but the i was traumatized by the fact how nasty this hotel was where we stayed for 4 nights. Never going back and don’t recommend anyone to stay here.

Small rooms, overall good condition facility

The staff was friendly, fast and very helpful. The food service was great and location was even better. My check associate pointed me to some amazing places to visit and shop while in Austin.

Staff was great and breakfast was warm and good

DO NOT STAY HERE! They will STEAL your valuables and refuse to return it. Then yell at you and hang up when you try and inquire about an official complaint. I left a valuable item in my bedside table which I forgot to empty out before checking out. This is not a lost item, I know exactly where I left it. I called back as soon as I realized I left it and when I finally got a hold of operations director JESSICA, they rudely told me it wasn't there and hung up on me. I was also yelled at by CYNTHIA, who also refused to corporate. Horrible experience. Avoid at all costs.

The place was cozy and clean. The breakfast was great.

Good location.  Nice room.  Pool is warm, but small and cloudy.  Free breakfast is ok.  Many things to do within 30 minutes of this area.

Stayed here for Texas Relays. Good choice, very close to stadium. Clean. Has breakfast and a common area where you can gather wi friends. Accommodating staff. Only negative is room size. Very small.

I wasn’t aware of the updated terms of this hotel. They ONLY ACCEPT credit card so if you plan to pay with cash or check, you will not be able to pay for your stay. I found this out the hard way. They should make these terms easily accessible on the website and they should be noted when talking with a hotel representative. Finding out last minute caused a lot of unnecessary chaos.

As far as the room I stayed in (room 205), the toilet is too short so if you are tall, this is an annoying issue. It hurts your knees, essentially. The toilet seat is also too small for the actual toilet unit so it moves around when you sit down. With that being said, these issues could easily be solved with better utility installation.

Very nice clean room. Very comfy bed and pillows. Parking lot is a little bit of a pain in the butt to get to.

I booked this room for its accessibility to the Austin Rodeo & Livestock show, its ability to sleep my large family, and affordable price. I booked a suite with two beds and a pullout couch (we have 3 children). They overbooked and tried to put us in two rooms at the same cost. This wasn’t workable for us, so we opted for the room with two beds and brought in an air mattress. It was tight and cramped. Also, the thermostat wasn’t adjustable. When the email came detailing my bill, I had been charged more than double my booking price for a lesser room. The lady at the front desk was kind and gave me my original rate, but I still had a lesser room than I originally booked. This was our first time staying in a hotel other than a Hilton. Probably won’t do that again. Overall, the staff were friendly and kind, and the place was clean but outdated.

Clean hotel and great staff
Enjoyed our stay in Austin to attend Texas Relays .  It was close to our favorite southern eatery, Down South Cajjun.

The rooms and food were great, typical of a basic Marriott affiliate, but the manage told us that we could not have our room cleaned even though we requested it at check-in. She told us that the hotel was full to capacity so our room could not be cleaned........we went down later when a different woman was down there a black female front desk worker, and she helped us. She was wonderful. She came and took out our trash herself and gave us the fresh supplies that we asked for. She was the o ly thing that redeemed out stay here. This was the first negative experience we've had at a Marriott affiliated hotel and due to the day time front desk woman on 3/19/22, we will not be going back to this location!

I would not recommend staying here due to the front desk help when we arrived for our stay. Both women March 19th @ 3pm were complaining loudly about there jobs as I waited to be even acknowledged. The one lady had fingernails so long, she couldn't even hardly type, it took forever for her to type in the necessary info to check me and my grandkids in (I am 54 so not senile or crazy). I booked 2 adjoining rooms and in my room there was no shower curtain nor light in the bathroom. I called down and spoke to the same gal that checked me in and she said I would need to wait until the next day! I refused that response saying I need to take a shower so she brought up a shower curtain but I was told the light couldn't be fixed until the next day...useless! The adjoining room didn't have a working toilet, well I knew it was a waste of time to report this and have to deal with the smart-mouthed woman downstairs; I told my grandbabies to use my toilet in the dark bathroom. Will not stay again, mainly due to the front desk personal's tone and attitude towards me!!!! The lady that checked us out the next morning @ 11 am was very pleasant, helpful and kind. You need to make sure and keep her as she is the only one I was in contact with that was professional!

We wanted our room cleaned, to have the trash taken out and get more toilet paper and the manager told us that we could not have our room cleaned because they were full to capacity and weren't cleaning rooms...even though we requested to have it cleaned at check in. She was aware of this and still refused us. This really upset up but later that evening when the black women who checked us in was there, we asked to for the same things, and she came HERSELF and took our trash out and gave us fresh towels and toilet paper, we really appreciated her because we were feeling very upset, being told that we could not have our room cleaned. This is the first negative experience I've had at a Marriott affiliated hotel and I won't be going back to a location where MANAGERS refuse to clean our rooms! 3/19/2022

Overall was great. However when we arrived the hygiene pumps left in showers dismounted. We tried to call front desk to let them be aware. I called over 5 times there was no answer. We told the front office when we checked out. Would it have been an emergency though there was no answer from front desk nor a call back.

The staff is great and I am happy for the 8am check in

We like this location. We like this location.

Staff was super friendly and positive. They were very helpful. I was in a hurry and the got me in very quickly to make it to my destination in plenty of time

Everything from the front desk to the maintenance on the hotel was disappointing. Our restroom vanity light was not working at check in and when we notified the front desk the said we would have to wait until maintenance ppl got to work. Well 3 days later and another call , no help! The pool was shockingly small, if you see 3 people in it, you will definitely feel crowded. Our closet door, toilet seat and refrigerator were broken, wobbly or just broken. This was such a disappointment. If you’ve ever felt dirty or disgusted because of a hotel your staying in, this is one of those. I’m sorry but I have to be honest for other’s sake.

Thanks for the room and the hospitality.

I just think the room was a bit below my expectation.  The bathroom light was broken (maintenance said it is in back order), which I do understand during this time.  But the bed cover has blood stains (not tiny drops, but big ones).  This does not gave us any comfort or a good night of sleep.  I have been to other Marriotts and love every on of them.  But this is by far my worst stays.

Staff from beginning to end made the stay a pleasure.

They have a great breakfast, the rooms were quiet even if your neighbor slammed their door it was still relatively quiet. The indoor pool is also awesome considering it was cold outside we were still able to go swimming.

I should have listened to the reviews. I called the hotel early telling them that I would be arriving late. I check in and asked for a high floor room as I mentioned on my reservation and away from the elevator. I get out of the elevator and my room was right across it. Horrible. I called the front desk to change rooms, was put on hold for a long time. I get all my stuff and go downstairs myself. The front desk was talking on the phone and was having a personal conversation. He assignes me to the 2nd floor. He states there is nothing else higher with a king bed. I go to my room and notice red blood like marks on the curtain. I called the front desk to report this and took a picture as I did not want to be in a room with possible blood in it. Was put on hold again waiting over 9minutes he stated there were no more rooms with king size beds. It was already midnight and I was tired and couldn't believe this was my situation. He ask to come to my room to see, I gave him the ok, I point out where the red marks are and tell him I think it's blood. He touches the marks(I couldn't believe he did that without gloves either). Nothing else was done. I felt I had no other choice in my situation and that I even paid for that stay for that room. Never again.

Hotel price in my current budget for a 3 night stay.  Not far from hospital. Rooms looked just like the photos. Everything was clean. Breakfast was decent. Service at front desk when checking in and out was genuine.

We had to wait over one hour to get our room ready, regardless we arrived at 8:30pm. 

The hotel was overbooked by 3rd party agencies and lots of guests were been declined.

Double check the room when you check in to confirm all amenities have been stocked,  i.e. towels.

Centrally Located, clean and comfy beds!

Everything was great, however, we would have preferred some variety with the hot items at breakfast.

Lovely & well stocked breakfast! Nice

It was one of the best Marion's have been two very clean very quiet it was just with me and my daughter needed each one of them

Very pleased with our stay!

For three nights we had a decent stay. Had some very disrespectful guests partying until late into the night and though they turned down their music after we reported to the front desk they knocked on our walls and eventually got even louder. No sleep. The hotel was good and clean. Front desk attendants nice. Breakfast had options but all the food was just okay. We always eat breakfast at hotel but decided to buy breakfast somewhere else the last day as the food seemed bland. Milk was spoiled. Good and safe location.

My stay in Austin medium not really impressed

The hotel is a small Fairfield. The  furniture is dated. It looks like they remodeled the place but not the furniture so it smells  old.  What made it enjoyable was the staff. They’re friendly and helpful. The breakfast is also very good.

Very fast wifi perfect for gamers .

I used this hotel 5 of my last 6 visits to Austin. Three times during Covid-19. This is the first time I've had a less than favorable comment. On Tuesday, February 8th, Austin was having a contaminated water crisis. We were not given bottle water upon arrival nor was it mentioned at check in @ 4pm. I did notice a sign on the ice machine on my floor. The next morning at breakfast, still no warning or notices in lobby, but there was a water dispenser with ice in lobby. The Minute Maid juice machine was working and breakfast was served as usually. Wednesday night when I  returned with my own bottle water, still nothing was said at the front desk about the water crisis. On Thursday, February 10th at breakfast, I was informed after asking, that the juice machine was not in service because of the water crisis. This was very alarming considering my son and I had a two cups of juice each for breakfast the day before. When I brought this to the desk clerks attention he shrugged his shoulders and just said " it's not in service now". As a guest and Marriott Rewards member this was not acceptable. I plan another visit in May, but I don't think I will be staying at this hotel.

Previously posted in survey earlier.

Very quiet, extremely clean.

It was pretty good the hotel was pretty clean the food it was a’right

Very comfortable and quiet stay. Reasonable price and in a good part of town away from all the downtown madness.

Front deskguy was respectful, but not very welcoming at the time. Even my dad noticed it when he went down later on in the evening for some bottled water.

Do wish the pillows were more comfortable/sturdy. And there was only one remote to the two TVs in the room.

Ran down for begin a Marriott

Increible

I do not recommend it, we found fleas in the beds and carpet, the report was made and then we were ignored, they only changed our room but the physical damage was already done, we had a skin reaction due to the picadiras.  They should not allow animals in hotels.

My Husband and I checked in Christmas weekend. We enjoyed the cookie decorating and the candy apples. The hotel has an indoor pool and hot breakfast.

Clean room, courteous staff, good breakfast.  11 out of 10!

This place was obviously understaffed so I can't knock the service as they can only do so much. There was hardly anyone at the front desk as they were doing other things. Rooms need a major  renovation as things were broken, not working, and just simply not up to par.

I had a wonderful experience. Loved cozy heated pool, room was clean and neat, and pleasantly surprised at the vegetation options for continental breakfast.

Very bad experience, room is very small, ice machines were not working (all floors), staff were not helping. DO NOT stay here if you have other option.

Booked a room here for one night because I needed the credit card points by end of year, even though I live in Austin. I figured I'd relax and do some work in the room for a few hours, then check out and go home. Front desk attendant was courteous but not friendly. Unfortunately, the room reeked of old cigarette smoke and the free Internet was so slow I couldn't even load Gmail... so I went home after an hour. Wouldn't recommend it.

Nice place,  friendly staff, decent breakfast.  When you reserve a  room you should expect said room!

Room 328 was in very bad condition, the bathtub had water on it when I arrived and it was all corroded, as well as the bathroom's toilet was not clean and the blankets had other people's clothes under them.

This site did not let COVID precautions get in the way of great service. Everyone was friendly and responsive. I have stayed in other Marriotts during COVID and they are not as responsive and courteous as this site. This site sets the bar for service and professionalism during COVID. Way to go!

This was a perfect location closest to Parmer Tech Ridge Pitch Soccer Field where the soccer tournament was held.  The staff was outstanding in assisting us, the room was very clean, and the prices were a great value.

Overall, it’s a room that’s average. The cleaning staff did not remove previous guests food from refrigerator. The room also smelled as if someone had been smoking in it. The breakfast food is very limited and of mediocre quality and variety.

We get checked in and go to our room where the beds looked slept in with hairs in them. The very nice front desk attendant promptly got us a new room but the new keys didn’t work so we had to go back downstairs and get them fixed. The carpet was very wet in both rooms as well. Then breakfast was horrible and not what was pictured. There were no waffles , just nasty eggs and sausage. Definitely won’t be going back.

The first day we check in we didn’t have a towel to put on the floor for the shower. Every time we ask for extra towel or pillow the front desk will be like let me go see if I can go find you some and you can come to the front desk to get them. I believe it was Friday night someone had pulled the fire alarm and it took them a long time to get it off mind you I had with me my two year old son who wasn’t feeling well at the time. I had to take him out the room because it was too loud for him to stay in the room with the alarm going off. Mind you it was pass midnight when this happened. I was so ready to go take my family to another hotel that day. None of the workers at that time even let us know what was going on until I called the front desk asking questions about it and all they can say is sorry! I was not satisfied with my stay.

Registration/checkin was professional, friendly and helpful.  Rooms are very clean and equipment is technologically updated.
Breakfast was good.  Checkout and receipt via the Bonvoy app was efficient.
A very pleasant stay

Had a wonderful stay here loved the shower and hotel room. The only thing we wish is that there were more chairs in the dining area and more options on the juice because I have an allergy to citrus and orange juice was the only thing available. The staff seem to be very friendly. We loved that we had a hot breakfast!

Great hotel , it’s safe and secure . Victor the hotel GM does a fantastic job .

I asked for two extra pillows on my bed and when I reserve my room and did not get them. But as far as everything else great place

Good

Left my response in the prior page. Not impressed at all!!

This has been my worst stay in a hotel room from the minute I got here they gave me keys to a room that was already occupied which made me wonder if they did that often and if so I don’t feel comfortable leaving my room with anything in it at all then after that was corrected I was moved across the hall and the constant running around and slamming doors made it almost impossible to sleep but then i get a little bit of sleep and wake up to bugs all over the bed.

I really recommend this place for vacation or work travel

Hotel is well maintained. Very friendly staff. A hot complimentary breakfast was much appreciated and sufficient choices of fruit, cereal, and yogurt were available as well. Great coffee!

Krystal Villa (hope we have the spelling correct) at the front desk was always cordial, professional yet welcoming and made our stay a blessing.

I stayed at this Marriott property for 20 nights! The ice machine on the fifth floor appears to have black mold growing.  It is disgusting. If I were riding this property and the people who work there it would clearly get a 10, because they were all terrific, but I’m not. To maintain the Marriott name to me, means to maintain the expectations of cleanliness. The washing machine is filthy there is piles of garbage at the end of the hallways all the time. If you’re going there to get rest you won’t get it because the walls are so thin you can hear the TV through the wall. They offer free breakfast but the menu never changes and being there for 20 days with no change in the menu was a big disappointment. Anyways, my overall review is negative.

Great room!!

Not only did the hotel not honor the wedding rate under which I booked but they did not give me any rooms at all. I was left to go between sister properties with an injured knee trying to find a place to stay. I was eventually up charged for a new room that I could only get for one night though I had two reservations for two nights. The next day at checkout I was told they were full that night so I guess other people’s reservations were more important. They also would not help me store my luggage in order to find new accommodations and when a room opened up I found the coffee bar to have opened items that were not cleaned by staff. I am appalled at how the front desk associate treated me when I needed help and refused to aid in finding a resolution.

Pleasant, quiet, comfortable and clean.

Excellent room and service, Best Hotel I have  stayed at in quite awhile.

Staff was friendly but the experience was bad.

Even though rooms are not made up daily, towels and trash should be serviced on a daily basis.  Otherwise very enjoyable stay.

Will not choose this fairfield suites.

Great place to stay.

I have never stayed in a hotel in such disrepair . The cleaning is also very questionable and we actually found old scratch cards in the pull out bed and dust all over the room and bathroom

The pool was in such a terrible state, I have seen cleaner ponds. Adding chlorine does not clean pools. I got the pool brush out to check if it was stain on the pool and indeed it was actually dirt.

The front desk blames everything on covid so don't expect a clean room even though they show endless videos of a diligent cleaning team.

Very friendly staff.
Hotel very clean and COVID protocols in place.  Masks and sterilizing wipes available at front desk.
Room nicely appointed.
Nice firm bed.
Excellent value.

I was pleasantly surprised with how well my stay went. It was well lit outside,  so I felt safe walking from my vehicle to the building. The staff was courteous and helpful, the lobby and surrounding area was clean and presentable. The room had been recently remodeled, it was clean and very welcoming. They had my name displayed on the TV welcoming me. Little things like that are impressive.

Our first night we noticed a wet / moldy smell in the room but dealt with it because we were exhausted from driving. Our second night the A/C would not stay on causing the room to get very hot so no one was getting any sleep. We went down to the front desk around 3am and they were kind enough to switch rooms but overall it was a pretty miserable experience. Would not stay at this location again.

Clean, friendly, helpful staff. This is a good place to stay.  The pool was nice, too.  The workout center will be good when COVID cases get a little lower in frequency. The complimentary breakfast is a nice thought, but the powdered eggs weren't very good.  I would have appreciated coffee in the room, but I think that may have been taken away for pandemic control.

I was very relaxed and comfortable in my room. I was able to chat with relatives in the sofa area without feeling like my personal space in the bedroom was intruded. The staff made me feel welcome and were very accommodating. I will be staying at Fairfield whenever I travel.

Dirty parking lot dirty hotel and dirty room.  Marriott should be embarrassed to even show their name on this building.  Manager standing around when garbage cans are tipped over and garbage everywhere.  Hallways were torn up and room was disgusting.  This was a horrible exoerience!

Room (#319)not ready, even though we were late checking in.
Toilet was dirty, sleeping sofa was not put together and no shower curtain in place to take a shower after a very long day.  Then we were then moved to (#215) where ac never cooled, after mediocre breakfast @9:00am I let staff know about ac, a staff member came up to room and checked it, by 12:30pm we called again to bring a fan because trying to get ready for a graduation it was unbearable. Again a staff member came and checked it and said settings were wrong.  We left and came back by 3:00pm and room was still hot. Finally staff decided to put in a whole new unit while we were in there.

Pretty nice king bed room. Wifi connectivity is atrocious in the room and materially negatively affected my experience as I was unable to get multiple work projects done from the room. The enhanced wifi is NOT worth the $5/day as I went from 3mbps on the free up to a whipping 5mbps, but was having trouble connecting the entire time on either network. Very nice front desk staff, however.

The suite was clean and comfortable. The people at the front desk were friendly and the breakfast was good 👍

This hotel is located next to I-35 and is close to restaurants and HEB. Samsung is down the street on tech ridge. Maintenance was an issue. The staff was great. The room was fine, but the toilet paper was running low. The breakfast was limited possibly by covid restrictions.

The hotel was clean and comfortable.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Octavia made us feel special.

very clean and the staff are very professional and polite. I recommened

The hotel was generally ok. But the staff, front desk was just excellent.

It was the worst experience of my life in a Hotel in my 42 years of life, as I was robbed in my room while I went to work, my running shoes, shorts, shirt and underwear were stolen and the worst: the attendant, guided by Hotel manager told me that it's impossible for someone to have entered my room, that is, he said I'm lying. I await contact from the Hotel, immediate withdrawal, refund of my stolen items inside my room - Austin Police Report number T21011877 made today.

The room was boot clean poor customer service

Nice hotel. Friendly staff. Just need improvement on cleaning.

Love this place, love this place, LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!

If your out of town away from home and want a place to stay and feel normal, this is the hotel for you.

Pleased with the overnight attendees.

Every aspect of my stay was incredible.  From the staff serving up breakfast in the morning to the front desk, I was greeted with kind people who really cared.  Operations Manager Kelsey Martinez was exceptional. She helped me and my family find great places to visit while in Austin and her care for us during our stay was felt by the entire family.  I would encourage you to stay at "home away from home."

I will not stay because of the front desk lady behavior in the morning.

The front desk employee, who checked in me was really good and did my check-in with in minutes.

Clean, comfortable, great people,  great location

NO COFFEE POT IN ROOMS WAS A DISAPPOINTMENT

Wasn't a bad place for the most part... But when I went to the pool , it was green and was the temperature of hot bath water. It's August. In Texas. Pools are supposed to be cold. And not murky green.... But they still had it "open". ?? Idk what all that was about.?

Housekeeping employees came and knocked on my door around 8:00AM. Front desk should notify their employees which rooms are available for housekeeping. Rooms are not clean, which is not the high standard of a Marriott hotel!

If you stay longer than a few days you must beg to have room cleaned. You’ll not be happy with random incorrect charges. N if you must deal with management please deal with Kelsey only….. make sure the printout your folios/receipts n you double n triple check them

The staff is wonderful. They were helpful,  gracious and available.

had a pleasent stay. The staff was very welcoming

Pleasant surprise to have hot breakfast items. The front desk agent was very friendly and more than willing to help when we needed extra linens when we arrived  at midnight. The room was clean amd just as it was shown in pictures. We travel several months of the year and this is one of the best places to stay during our travels.

Great hotel with an excellent staff always friendly and helpful.

Left behind a computer monitor accidentally last week and after calling the hotel, Kelsey secured the monitor from my room and secured it in the office for me to pickup.  Octavia Carter at the front desk greeted me with a big smile as she handed the monitor to me today wished me safe travels.  Thank you, Fairfield for a great experience and even better customer service.  I will be back !

I came for time to myself. I was offered a quiet room so that I could get rest that I needed. Victor...I assume the Manager...delivered on his promise. Peace and quiet was priceless!

The service was surprisingly mediocre in comparison to many other hotels. I have stayed at. I came to find that my requests were ignored and the breakfast was clearly down graded looking back at my past stays. However the front desk staff was hospitable and kind.

Disappointing on the COVID food situation, loud high school basketball players that ran rampant, lipstick stains on the bed sheets.  very disappointed.

This was our first two nights of our 25th anniversary road trip! Excellent!

Loved the place, people very helpful and clean place to stay

How many more of these to I have to type out???
Dirty sock and half eaten grape on the floor of our room. The only thing offered to ease the burden of a dirty room was complimentary snacks. No soap anywhere apparently. Noisy. Water fountain didn’t work. Pool smelled horrible. 
Just an overall bad experience.

Just arrived here about 2 hours ago friendly people wish their ice maker worked on floor 2 where I am other than that seems like a real nice place

Room had no hand or body soap and they were out of shampoo. The staff was helpful and friendly as usual.

The staff was never up front when you needed them. Room was dirty muggy mildew smelling. If I could get money back I would. We didn't even stay the night.

Really bad experience cleaning services are not provided because of shortage of staff you won’t get cleaning services even if you are staying there for 4-5 days, bad breakfast, leaking shower doors because of poor design

I enjoyed staying here definitely will again

The room was nice and clean. The only thing that the hotel need to upgrade is the breakfast, besides that everything is perfect.

Very horrible experience, the front desk person did not have the best attitude. The room had a horrible smell. It was very dirty and I was not comfortable at all. I will not be returning to this hotel.

We stayed at Fairfield for 2 nights and had a wonderful experience. The service and cleanliness alleviates us of the concerns of staying in hotels again. Friendly staff and very accommodating. Breakfast is good given the limitations. Thank you for your service for prioritizing the safety of your customers.

The lobby and room were both clean and attended to. The negative is the wait for the desk clerk to come out and daily ask for towels, soap, and/or a trash bag. Your room will not be cleaned or maintained until you check out. It would have been nice to at least have water bottles offered at check in, but you must ask for everything. They will bring it to your room once requested. I understand they are understaffed but will not book this hotel again. The area the property is located on is surrounded heavily by ongoing construction and not easily accessible by foot or car.

My go to hotel when i visit Austin

Staff was great. Location isn't anything to write home about. It's near shopping and entertainment but not the best. The room was clean to the eye but there was a silverfish in the bathroom,  no washcloths, and stains on the fitted sheet. Breakfast really sucks. I blame covid for that. You have to order from the front desk. You get frozen breakfast burritos,  cereal,  a selection of juices, water,  tea,  and coffee,  and yogurt.

Great staff quiet place clean facilities secure parking

This stay was fine but the pool is too small for the hotel. The hallways getting to your room room are extremely hot for no reason. The bed was comfortable but smelled of mildew like it had been washed recently and didn't dry completely. There were no face towels provided apparently because the hotel was having a shortage. I was able to prepare because another parent text me and told me to bring my own. Overall the stay was okay. I just think it could have been better.

I would like another night due to the experience

Cool visited family there

Everything was literally perfect

Building was nice. Pool was clean. Room was good.

TVs did not work and they couldnt get anyone to look at them until after we were leaving.

Breakfast was substandard. We stay at a lot of hotels and this was nowhere close to a decent breakfast. COVID is not an excuse for poor standards.

My bathroom hadn't been cleaned.  It was very disappointing.  When I brought it up to staff nothing was done,  I requested a new room after my first night for the duration of my stay

The room was clean and comfortable , the only negative ; make sure your housekeepers know to look behind the dressers and inside them for people’s things left behind . My son and j found clothes behind the TV and in the dresser. The elevators were broke so junky one worked which meant there was a line to go up to above floors . We waited 35 minutes to go to our room on second floor . Then we waited 20 just to check out because the elevator that was working was being used . Then once we did get in the elevator from the second floor , it went to the fifth then the 3rd then back to the fifth and was jam packed with people .

This was a really nice and beautiful hotel. They were very sanitary and were cautious with Covid. I would stay here again. :))

The room was half cleaned. The shower had dirt and hair throughout. The towels had yellow stains. The floor was half vacuumed. Food was still in the refrigerator. The woman receptionist was overworked by just watching what she was having to do. She is very professional. Housekeeping is not available. No one to clean or ask for assistance.

It was a very nice stay. Just did not enjoy the breakfast not much of a selection to choose from.

Exelente atención la señora de la limpieza muy agradable con mis hijos y muy limpio todo.

Dirty lobby and rooms. Location is the only plus.

Over all quite good service

Don't stay here. This lousy hotel couldn't even provide room service at all.

I had a wonderful time here but the beds were too hard other than that i would come back.

The Fairfield Inn was right off I-35, (easy to find) clean and well maintained. 
My room was clean and smelled fresh.
The staff at the front counter was polite and cheerful.

Very unhappy guest the suite was too small for four people. The beds seem to double and not queen size.

Excellent place , very clean

The covers had stains, fridge and freezer did not work and there were no small wash towels available and when my husband asked the housekeeper. She was very rude

Everything was perfect. Very clean! Great service and great sleep!

My son lives nearby so the location is perfect for me.

Smallest room I've ever seen. No coffee maker in room and had to wait in line to get a cup of coffee.  Will not be coming back.

Would not stay here again. The sheets felt dirty and oily and the highway noise coming through the window kept me up all night. They should invest in sound proof windows, especially since it’s located right off I-35. How disappointing.

No maid service due to covid is crazy to me. We are a year and a half in this and we still can’t have sheets cleaned

Ac - window 
asked staff to close it - they could not do so in my entire stay of 3 days
Sorry state of breakfast 
Sorry state of cleanliness in COVID
during my entire stay if 3 days the room was never cleaned
Ratings looked like it is cooked up 
Worst experience in my entire life

Rooms were not clean. Told cleaning staff not available because of the corona virus.  I've never stayed anywhere that doesn't have a cleaning staff even thought the pandemic.  Pool not available.  No outdoor pool. Staff unfriendly.

Such a clean place! Staff was so kind and made sure my birthday was magical! We will definitely stay here again!!!!

Great Hotel!

Unfortunately this wasn't a good stay for me. The room I was in faced the highway and the traffic was very loud. The cleanliness of room was sub par. Both nightstands had some sort of spilled beverage on them, 
the dresser had something sticky on it as well, and there were a pair of socks (not mine) in the dresser. With all the posted signs about extra efforts into cleaning and sanitizing rooms clearly they missed the mark.

Yhis is for room 226 on 5/25/21. This is a 7 out of 10 place.  The negatives were, and the most important,  the temperature could not be lower than 68 degrees!! (during the summer)  I'm sorry, but some of us run a little hotter! A sheet is too much at 68 degrees!  There was a stain on the nice black marble of the bathroom.  It was clean,  but it was a stain. You either refinish it or do nothing. The spout for the bathtub was crooked.  You fix it or do nothing.  What you do or don't do speaks volumes. The towel rack is too far from the shower.  Breakfast, during the pandemic is a microwave burrito and a 4 oz box of juice. Blah! It does have a microwave and a refrigerator so that is great! Parking is free! That is great! Location is great! But I just can't hang with the hot temperatures!

Room had bedbugs.  Even the room you changed us to had bedbugs.  We had to leave early and go to another hotel.  I have bites.  Totally nasty!

Very comfortable rooms clean and stuff is amazing

Great stay overall but didn’t like having to wait in line for coffee. Front desk was understaffed with only one person working the check in desk and breakfast.

The company has to figure out a better way... Maybe vouchers to the closest McDonald's something better than prepackaged burritos that you microwave for breakfast doesn't cut it

Very nice hotel and staff, good neighborhood and secure parking lot.

the room was very dirty, ashes on the bed we even found a needle on the bed
we asked to move to another room which wasn't much better. AC wasn't cooling properly
the breakfast was terrible
I am not sure I will stay in this hotel if not emproved

Good stay in general ,it could be excellent one if few things are fixed.

We chose this hotel for the indoor pool, but upon check in, they informed us the pool was fully booked and it is by reservations only, which the website doesn't state that. Another thing, there is no servicing of rooms during your stay (we literally had to make our own bed), they ran out of comforters, they ran out of wash cloths. For breakfast, you get the choice of burritos (that are from walmart), a small container of cereal, and you are limited to quantities (for example, you can get 1 cereal and 1 small burrito, or 2 small burritos). The hotel was moderately clean, the bathroom floor looked a little bit dirty, so my boyfriend and I are wearing our sandals ALL the time. I have only seen 1 cleaning person, and there is always ONLY 1 person at the desk trying to help multiple guests. I believe this location needs more staffing, and that would lead to better service. My overall recommendation is that if you stay for 1-2 nights is probably ok, but anything beyond that you should look elsewhere.

Front desk comes off aggressively rude. Definitely  can tell customer satisfaction is NOT one of their priorities. Standards of the hotel don’t meet the prices nor the name. Felt like I was in a motel with their service

Horrible experience. Very dirty hotel. DO NOT book you will be so disappointed. Stains everywhere and they didn’t change the sheets at all even before we got there. There was a dirty tissue wadded up in our bed.

This is a top notch hotel with friendly staff and a security guard on premisis. Rooms are extremely convenient for shopping and restaurants and very clean, Elite and awesome 👍

The blanket on the bed was filthy, covered in stains and funky and housekeeping never came to do anything in my room. I didn’t get new towels, toilet paper or anything.

Loved the hotel. Renovated and new. The staff was friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and smelled good. Stay here if you’re visiting Austin!

Broken toilet seat was not repaired.  Was told I would be accommodated for our trouble.  With all spent at our stay, less than 10% refund doesn't justify our pinches and slips.  Less than $20 bucks!

The rooms are nice, only downside would be breakfast. The prepackaged breakfast burritos weren't very good and nothing was self serve. I know its due to covid, but having more/better options can still be offered.

My only complaints are that I needed the water pressure to be a bit stronger and the water to be hotter. Also, the comforter has old blood stains on it and made me a bit uncomfortable...but not enough to leave.

The room was very neat as was the entire building. I'd stay here again, only next time I would make my complaints known if I had any.

4년전 6개월을 이곳에서 지냈었는데
좋았던 기억만 가득한 곳
직원들도 하나같이 친절했던곳
오스틴을 다시 가게 된다면 이곳 강추

The GM to this location may need a date, a vacation , or some alone time with his husband/wife. There's nothing worse than being a young AA business man being prejudiced and treated as a common street thug by the GM of a hotel.

We made reservation three weeks before check in date using booking.com, but when we have came to hotel they have  told that there are no available rooms. After two hundred excuses and no real help they told us that that could provide a room without working air condition.

The hotel was comfortable and clean. There was a lack of communication concerning pool use requiring registration. Regarding early check in, I was told that if a room was ready when I arrived I could check in early. I was not told that it would cost me $25 to get into a ready room early.

The stuff suck as well as there attitude

Like the room to be spacial, clean. Beds are comfortable. Very quiet at night, wifi is fast. we have to use the room as office for the morning meeting call. and network worked smoothly. 
Pool is nor large, but with the reservation system, we can enjoy the pool by ourselves for one hour, worry-free,

I am living in an rv park temporarily and work in the Austin  tech area which made this extremely convenient. The room was Super clean and very pleasing to the eye. The room made me feel right at home. Thx

Great rooms, clean, safe and friendly staff. Outside looks rough,  but it's do to highway  Construction is dirtying up the entire area.

My 10 year old daughter was looking forward to swimming in the pool more than anything for our trip to Austin. Never saw a soul in the pool all day. Once we got back to the hotel this evening at 10:00 pm, an hour before close, I took her and my other child to the pool and pretty much immediately a lady came in to tell us we had to leave right away because someone had a reservation and they were fully booked which I’m sure isn’t true but I will be checking in again to find out more for sure. My husband went down for me to check and sure enough, no one in the pool and I was lied to. I am not a happy mama and I will be looking into this further. She said we were notified at check in and we were NEVER informed of anything regarding the pool!! The shower also was not draining well and the fridge has a bad smell. I don’t see why this hotel has so many good reviews when they don’t seem to care about their guest’s experience. Will not be staying here on our trip back next year.

The staff was friendly and our accommodations was clean and represented well. There is free on ground parking and grocery stores, coffee shops, and other stores available. 
My complaint would be that there was supposed to be a buffet which is apart of the cost but instead there was prepackaged food that was served instead. We stayed in Texas which is for the most part open for service related to Covid which was why I was baffled that they weren’t serving hot breakfast like the website claimed at booking. Also the pool was advertised and said to be opened but was closed the entire time of our stay for maintenance.

Good, the accommodations were great for the Austin trip to visit my son.

No hot breakfast doesn’t work

Hire new people for your hotel. When presented with patron issues, they do the bear minimum. They're lazy and unhelpful.

Small room but very clean.

Place is clean and service was excellent. I stayed here for almost a month. It's worth it.

Hermoso lugar para dormir

The was black mold in the  Ceiling of the bathroom... don't stay here the told me I couldn't get a refund had to talk to Expedia... DONT STAY HERE unless u want to die!!! For black mold...

The reason I did not give a 10/10 is because we called the Fairfield Austin North to check if our two rooms were ready and it was confirmed with the front desk that they were ready after 1:00 p.m. I asked if we could come in earlier say 2:00 p.m. and we were told we have to pay an additional $20.00 per room per hour before our check in of 3:00 p.m. My question is then why is check out less than 24 hours or at 11:00 a.m. the following day? The only reason we wanted to come by is to refresh ourselves before going out to dinner. We had already toured the city of Austin, Texas. In addition, I am also a disabled Harris County Officer who wears knee braces to walk so it would have been nice to have 30-60 minutes of rest before going out dinner and a scenic drive.
On the plus size, I’d love to know what is the name of the mattress in the room we stayed in as they were the awesome!?  Love to purchase the same mattress set for our home.

Don’t get a room on the highway side. The road noise is pretty bad.

Great hotel, clean and friendly staff !

The bed was very comfortable, peaceful stay, and has an on duty chef to cook breakfast which was great service!

Everything that you can think of here was excellent.  Girl at the desk. The room.  The hotel.

The room was fine...clean and most everything was working although that little mini-fridge was in bad shape. The staff was helpful with requests for additional stuff like towels and soap. Realizing the pandemic is affecting dining service, I was still disappointed in the breakfast options. No juice and the only hot item was a frozen microwaveable burrito. Meh.

The stay was good but not excellent.  Did enjoy having a separate space with a coach and tv to relax as the kids enjoyed some tv on the other side .

Nice, clean and comfortable. As someone already mentioned it is quite, don’t hear much noise. Great service for value

The place to be

هذا فندق قذر جدا أشخاص الذين يعملون فيه ليس يرحبون في ظيوف

The place was clean and thy were following the social distancing rules almost to a T. I say this because the pool you have to make a reservation to use. And one of the front staff members didn't mention to another family about this and they ended up coming in during our time slot. Other then that it was perfect!

It was ok, the hotel was clean. The shower in my room could've used some extra cleaning. My room was freezing & the thermostat didn't seem to be working correctly. Did not make it for breakfast. Overall the stay was ok for the money.

Convenient location,close to many stores and places to eat.loved the fact one could reserve pool,and have it all to yourself.each time I interacted with staff,they were responsible and respectful of my needs.highly recommend this location.

Needs some upgrades and a little more love.

Nice place 2 rest

I enjoyed my stay here, it was an easy going check in/check out experience. Great location near so much outlets and restaurants plus more. Thank you for the service provided and for the most relaxing weekend.

Good

Only complaint was the slim pickens grab and go breakfast that was guarded at the reception counter.

Accommodations to the least!! This place and staff was horrible especially Jonathan.

clean quiet anx friendly

Fairfield service is excellent. I enjoy my stay EVERY TIME. I have never had a complaint.

We had to make a quick trip and booked super hard to get in and out of but wasn’t too terrible

Nice place

Great hotel! Stayed for 3 nights but was planning to stay for 7 until Texas Had a big power outage because of the winter storm!  The staff were very accommodating they moved us to a different hotel with power and no extra charges! There were 3 guys and a lady working very hard!

Fine.  Out of town allowed for parking our trailer

The staff was incredibly welcoming and accommodating.  The best customer service I’ve experienced in any Marriott property in the last few years (I’m also a timeshare owner).  Couldn’t say enough great words how we were treated!  Wouldn’t book anywhere else!  Thank you Ryan, Kelsey and Aaron! You made our stay so pleasant while Austin was experiencing 10-30 degree weather!

Very poor management! First hotel in a year that I've been to that does not provide coffee amenities in your room as a result of Covid. They need to talk to other managers and see that everybody is still providing those amenities to their customers in house.

Ac system wasn’t working properly.

Positives: rooms are a good size, bed is comfy. The staff was friendly and accommodating

Negatives: i have yet to stay at a Fairfield that was clean. This particular stay hot chocolate or coffee along with the cup all over the microwave (nbd i don't use it but now i know i never will because the door was open and still got missed letting me know they don’t clean it) on my last night i noticed on the other side of the comforter there was a stain. Looked like coffee but who knows. And near the bed we found some persons glasses. Like in broad daylight (how do you miss that) Shower was gross and looked moldy and the water pressure was non existent.

Marriott tends to be one of my favorite brands of hotels, typically clean, affordable, and great staff. Fairfield in my experience has been a different animal all together more than once at other locations.

The room was decent cleanliness good coffee and breakfast was average

Nice people. Good greeting. Good understanding.

Very clean hotel. Staff was wonderful, rooms were nice and spacious. Very comfortable beds. Good location.

Clean, hospitable and has a indoor pool and workout center. They also offer a simple breakfast.

very nice service. the man on the front desk is very   nice and friendly i will comeback soon

It’s good ig but I have a weird vibe in  this hotel I was laying down and out of no where my closet door open out of no where and then I hear someone talking In my room

Clean hotel, friendly staff, easy check in and check out

Agree

No water pressure as usual in the shower, and what a gyp on  breakfast, your Covid special consisted of kids size Raisin Bran, yogurt, Jimmy Dean pre-made sausage ham croissant in a package.. the worst breakfast I have ever had in any hotel ever. I am from  Fort Worth, the Fairfield Inn  there took the proper precautions so we could get our waffles and the big buffet safely. Very disappointed!!

Wonderful! Very nice and quiet. I really appreciate the staff. They are attentive without being intrusive. A fine line in guest services. I will definitely stay again.

Great staff and a very clean hotel.

Super clean

The receptionists were all excellent people. This hotel is very clean and in one of the best locations. They have taken good steps for Covid19. We didn't get room service though but I'm not sure if it was included or not. The room was nice and comfortable. Over all this is a very nice hotel.

Superb well maintained property.
COVID 19 protocols everywhere!

Awesome!! Nice, clean , comfortable and quiet. I loved it!! We will definitely stay again

Nice.horel. they offer breakfast,  but do to Covid 19 it was only grab and go.

My boyfriend and I were in Austin for a night. We stayed at this hotel and we were happy with our choice. The staff was friendly and were accommodate to our needs. Our hotel room was clean and has a smart TV with Netflix! Also, it includes free parking, breakfast served, a pool and a fitness room and the hotel is only a few minutes away from Downtown Austin.

Nice hotel,pretty clean and affordable.

Fair clean.. no free breakfast no room service they don’t even take your trash out the room.. the only good thing is that you have a lot of shopping places

Hermosísimo hotel muy lujoso

Internet was hard to use

At $150 per night, this hotel was nice, but a bit overpriced. I've stayed in nicer hotels for less per night.

Clean. But security guard takes his job too serious

Very neat 👌

Decent value for the money. The hotel was recently remodeled. I had a  king suite with the additional "living room".  Hotel staff were accommodation and competent.  The fitness room is a bit sparse, a universal machine would be a welcome addition.  The complimentary breakfast was the usual fare... powdered eggs etc but ample coffee, fruit, pastries etc.

Have stayed here twice during recent family visits and will stay again when I come back in the future.

Staff was great.  Rooms. Ok for price except walk in showers. You get soaked with cold water when you turn on water.  Everything else was fine

Great customer service and kids enjoyed the pool and room. Will be back again.

Great place. Came for the South by southwest festival.   Got settled in to are room and turned the news on to find out it was canceled.   Had room for 2hrs. Asked for are money back because it was the only reason why we came..   still waiting on manager to call us to discuss options

Always have a pleasant experience at this hotel and will definitely stay here again.

We arrived late, 11:30 PM - 12:00 AM, with notice provided via Marriott app. We waited 15-20 minutes for a clerk to check in. Finally got our room and slept in. Breakfast was very busy the next day. Sunday was much nicer. The rest of our stay went well, except for a running toilet next door (or above). 

This was not the usual Marriott quality we enjoy elsewhere.

Quick stay and clean quality!

I get a suite room thats mean its bigger then ta regular room but its so small, and the sheets and comforter was dirty

A decent hotel. It's pretty outdated however. The curtains are UGLY and my shower had a bit of mold in it which was equally as unpleasant. The best however was super comfortable bed. I slept like a baby and isn't that the most important part of a hotel stay?

Well maintained hotel for reasonable price.

This hotel is a little older and not recently remodeled. The carpet was very stained, especially in the sink area, which was very small. This room had two queen beds, thus accommodating four people, yet there is no possible way that many people would be able to use the sink/mirror area except for one at a time. There was a bar sink in the room which would be handy in a pinch, though no mirror.. The A/C unit was very loud and was not controllable by the wall thermostat. In order to keep the room from becoming too cold, and loud, we opted to turn on the heat mode directly on the unit, but set it low, which soothed the noise to a manageable level while keeping airflow in the room. This also has the added benefit of providing white noise that my hubby seems to require to get to sleep. The shower was by far the worst part of this hotel experience! The shower head only had one setting; jet stream with light mist, meaning you must decide if you want to be too warm our too cold because to make the water warm enough to keep the mist from freezing you, you have to make the jet stream too hot to bear!

The hotel is impeccably kept, the staff is friendly and customer-centric and overall this Fairfield is nothing short of stellar. My experience here was outstanding; the convenience of the property location just off IH 35 and the tech corridor of North Austin makes it a no-brainer. All the amenities any reasonable business traveler would ever need or hope for as well. 10/10!

Located just off I35 on the northern side of Austin, the hotel is very conveniently sited for fast access to the tollway (130), good dining, and downtown Austin.
Check in/out is fast, the staff is great, and the rooms have always been clean and comfortable. 
We will continue to utilize this location for our Austin visits for the foreseeable future.

Clean

Overall great experience. No complaints here

Terrible stay at Fairfield which started off with a 25 minute wait to check in and was told hotel was overbooked and that the only room left had an inoperable shower! Room wasnt cleaned on Saturday of my stay.

Overall good stay. Only complaint would be a group of kids stayed there and the floors were wet From them being in the pool. Was afraid of falling.

Great staff! Very friendly and amenable to helping all customers--I watched some interactions with complainers and staff conducted themselves very diplomatically and courteously!

Fairfield Inn & Suites is my go-to hotel. This one was no exception for my wife and me. Highly recommended. I’m 65, we’re both retired and enjoy traveling.  This is a good place to stay, and close enough to downtown Austin to see the sights.

Our stay was pleasant and wonderful thank you

All good.

The staff was friendly, the room was sparkling clean, the management experience was excellent. Breakfast was hot and delicious. I am handicapped and they did their best to accommodate me and help me and future disabled residents feel confident When staying with Marriot properties.

I visited this hotel last weekend.  I made a reservation on the same date, they gave me a very good price.  I was exhausted, and I was greeted with a big smile, a bag of goodies and an upgrade to my room.  My room was super clean, bed and pillows were amazing. Just what I needed! Breakfast was really good, I enjoyed the vegan sausages. Thanks for your kind service!  Thanks for having bilingual employees!

Great for North side meetings, not to far from downtown, even with traffic.

Very comfortable and friendly.

The service was superior... Very friendly staff.
Thanks Austin for the hospitaly.the breakfast had a variety of great options...very comfy..coffee was hot and fresh..clean rooms..

Great Hotel location, nice clean, newish hotel, great staff and parking, loved my stay, beds and pillows which is a biggie for me, super nicely remodeled.

Great hotel

The staff was amazing! Very polite!! They even had a hot chocolate bar for the holidays. The room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast was amazing and had plenty of vegetarian/vegan options! The indoor pool was fun!! My family and I would definitely stay here again soon.

Beautiful customer service never have a problem checking in on the rooms were very comfortable very relaxing and beautiful rooms loved it loved the visit great awesome breakfast and just a very nice place really enjoyed it thank you

I stayed here while attending a weekend conference. The hotel is very clean, bed was very comfy and staff was very professional.

Acogedor y muy limpio

I’ve been staying here for years now. I always have a good experience.

Average hotel and nice staff

Conveniently located and the facility is clean.

Arrived at 10:00 PM but room wasn't ready and five people waiting in front of me. After 45 minutes they finally agreed to cancel my reservation and found me another hotel with available rooms. Only has account with taxi company which never answered the phone so I had to pay to get to the other hotel. At least they paid for my trip back to their hotel.

The service was a bit lacking but the overall atmosphere was nice and the rooms were clean. We had to keep requesting room service.

Excellent hotel! Really nice breakfast.

nice people very clean

Nice hotel but hard beds. Downgrade from SpringHill Suites.

I’ve been using Fairfield Inn and Suites Austin North whenever I go to Austin for conferences or leisure... very nice staff members.

This is a great location with easy access to UT and Domain area.

OVERBOOKED MY ROOM.!  After a 4 hour drive to what I thought was a guaranteed room, come to find out that the room was over booked on their end. However,  I was told by the front desk  that there was a sister  hotel 10 miles away that might still have rooms available. After several phone conversations found a room adjacent to Fairfield Inn that did have rooms available.

Customer service was wanting. Rude, disinformation, lack of professionalism. Attempts to talk to the manager about issues we encountered have been ignored. AVOID AVOID AVOID. Stay at the Springhill next door.

Keep up the great work and thank you.

Prédio muito bonito

The staff at this hotel were all very professional, with smiles and kind words during each transaction. Denisha, Marcy and Diana all made my family and I feel welcome and I'm glad we chose that hotel for our stay. We will definitely stay at that property when we are in the area.

We were passing thru and looking for an affordable room yet one that would still come with a good reputation. This hotel did not disappoint, the room is a bit small but no other issues. My wife and i enjoyed the stay and complimentary breakfast. Overall a great stay.

Amazing staff! Helped us out so much and beyond friendly.  Went out of their way for us. Rooms were extremely nice for their price!

stay was excellent breakfast was awesome ..room service was great enjoyed the pool!

Room was nice staff was Great

Great weekend with a last minute booking at this Fairfield location. Great value for a luxury-like stay! Everyone was very nice and helpful, especially with an early hassle-free check in. Very impressed with everything, and its only 15 minutes away from downtown Austin (I didn’t have any trouble driving up and down Mopac). Would definitely come back to this location.

Not one negative- the entire experience was great

Fun, Friendly and cozy comfortable rooms. We always stay at this location when we’re in town. Stop by, you’ll love it,  I guarantee it.

This hotel is a great location. The staff is super friendly and the hotel is very clean!

We truly enjoyed our stay at this location. The staff was professional at all times. They were friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel was recently renovated and is modern looking.

We traveled to Austin, Texas for the ACL festival. We decided it wasn't necessary to stay in the city but right outside. The Fairfield was only about 20-25 mins from where we needed to be and there is plenty of parking in the city. We were happy with our hotel choice as the staff was very kind and the room was clean and updated. Bathroom could use a little extra love when being cleaned but other than that, we really enjoyed the hotel. The breakfast was awesome and it was really nice that they provided Netflix and HBO as when we were winding down from our day we could watch an episode of our shows. Would stay again.

Hotel was easy to find with access to highway. Check in was easy. The room was clean and cool. Breakfast had a lot of options and a staff member was refilling food constantly. Check out was nice bc the clerk gave us waters “for the road”. No complaints at all.

Very easy to find, super clean, and the staff was extremely accommodating when I requested to be placed on the first floor.  I really prefer Fairfield INN to almost any other hotel. This hotel was extremely updated and the decor was very smart looking and modern. I really loved the details in the design they have chosen.

The hotel is in a nice location in the metro-Austin area, clean and attractive. The staff and manager go out of their way to make customers feel welcomed.

I enjoyed my stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane. It was my first time staying at this hotel and maybe my best hotel experience as far as price for room and overall quality of the room and entire Hotel space.

All service is good,I will recommend Fairfield inn for your

We enjoyed our stay.  We came for a conference and it was nearby.  The only drawback was that the hotel ewas tricky to get to.

This Fairfield Inn was absolutely a wonderful hotel with friendly staff, great comfortable rooms and an excellent breakfast! Will stay again!

The hotel was clean and hotel staff was friendly!

Clean great breakfast ...BACON!!!! Nice place to stay ....lacking a few light bulbs.lol

My adult daughter and I were very pleased with our 2 night stay.  We had no complaints and felt everything met our needs very nicely. The bed was more comfortable than most I’ve encountered. Buffet was adequate - nothing exceptional but food was hot and plentiful. All the staff we encountered we very professional and pleasant. Would definitely stay there again.

Personnel very helpful and very kind. Rooms recently renovated.

Mainly satisfied, room temp control was
Only issue

Just smooth all around. Great checkin and checkout.  Always came back to a very clean room.

In for weekend, great place to stay. Spent a lot of time out of the room at meetings but it was a joy coming to my room each day

Clean, comfortable and quality for inexpensive, affordable accommodations.

Great stay

Excellent Stay.  We enjoyed the visit

Good accommodations near numerous amenities.

Beware of this hotel. Regular break ins are a common thing here. It is not uncommon to find car windows shattered and ransacked. Interestingly enough, the hotel has no exterior cameras and no security even though this has been an ongoing issue. Won't be staying again.

Muy confortable,desayuno completo!!

Very nice staff, updated rooms and good breakfast buffet

Friendly staff, clean hotel, good selection of breakfast.

This location was very quiet,  clean,  and beautiful.   The staff was AWESOME!

Excellent stay very clean and service was awesome

Great hotel. The manager was the best.

My wife stayed over night there 8/15/19 and our crossover right window rear was smashed and broken into but nothing was taken.

The police were contacted and when they arrived they told my wife that the suspect or suspects were looking for guns.

If you know criminal activity is happening frequently at this hotel, you need to hire security personnel and get cameras.

As a result we've got to spend $430.00 to fix this window. Shame on you Fairfield for not providing outside security on your property. 😠

Very nice and clean hotel, staff is very courteous and helpful .

We’ve always enjoyed our stay.

I will stay at this property again, when visiting Austin.

Nice place except the breakfast was terrible

Overall the most welcoming stay

Very nice, seems to be uber new. Roomy, beds are comfy, pillows seem to be down. Water in the shower hot, the bedroom and hotel was clean with the exception of the shower.
The shower was gross. I dont even know what was on the bottom of the tub, aside from the HAIR! I have a thing about hair. I just CANT with hair 😫.  Hair in the sink too, like someone shaved, hair.
TV was a nice touch. The a/c worked well. No noise to wake me up early.
The breakfast is super busy and the dining room full. Must be due to the forced breakfast pricing with the room, If you dont want to pay for your room immediately you have to get that choice (the other choice is a no-cancellation)

I have enjoyed my stay at your hotel

Nice

overall I liked  the environment was nice location.

Stay was very pleasant and would recommend to friends.

Excellent location, friendly staff....comfortable stay

I n as away from all
Kkk
Kkk
I
AI✓£

No compliant.

Muy Tranquilo 
Limpio 
Buen servicio en front desks 
Las habitaciones muy espaciosas 
El desayuno muy completo
Y mucho espacio en el parking lot

As always we have experienced good stays with the Marriott/Fairfield, this trip was no exception. Staff was professional and courteous. Facilities were very clean.

I will be booking at Fairfield again in the future I loved the area and the hotel friendly staff

The staff made this hotel an exceptional experience. The hotel was always neat and clean. Breakfast was delicious and plenty. I would suggest better coffee in the rooms. Otherwise, everything was great. Will definitely stay again when in the area. It was close to everything you need!

My entire stay at this Marriott was pleasant everything was clean and the staff was friendly

The staff was extremely friendly. Clean room and great breakfast!

늦게 도착했는데도 친절히 맞이해줘서 감사하다는 생각이 많이 듦

Clean, friendly ,waffle machine is a flop.

I like the receptionists, they always have fresh coffee, fruit infused water. It's a clean place.

I visited July 3 - July 6. I will try to objective and state some facts but I was not impressed with the facility. People are nice but there are some facility and security issues at the hotel.

Not sure if Room service just works a half day on July 4 or everyday but I never got a room cleaning because we left the room at 9 am. Seemed like room service wanted to clean when we were at breakfast at 8. Asked to come later and either never came or said they couldn't. Nothing like coming back to the hotel and cleaning yourself, asking for new towels, asking for new bedsheets and making the room. Not what I expected on vacation. Would have been nice to know this.

Elevators are slow so take the stairs. Takes 5 minutes to get in move and open the doors.

Keycard stopped working after 2 days. I was able to get a new one with a name and a room number. Kind of scary that is all you need to get someone's Room key. I did not get asked for ID.  Also annoying me and the wife's card stopped working. Multiple tries x10 eventually worked...

Hot water pressure is high. Cold water pressure is very low. So taking a normal temperature shower is slow because you can't get it cool enough to touch the water. Strange issue to have but that's what happened.

Pool is smaller than expected. I should have asked for dimensions. For reference there is a 20 person capacity at the pool.

We had a power outage July 5 evening?  Maybe a city issue.

Breakfast was good. Juice was watered down.

Noise from other rooms are high. Was able to hear people's conversations in their  room.

Free WiFi is UNSECURE! DO NOT CONNECT. Guests and people driving by can spoof hotel WiFi and you will never know. SSID is "Fairfield_GUEST".

Very noisy, some items broke, the IC it can be not regulated, the pool small

I just had the pleasure of booking a room online with Mary Lou's assistance. I have to say that she made the entire process very easy and was able to accommodate my parent's specials needs and requests. This is the second time my parents will be staying at this property and will continue to return because of employees like Mary Lou. After their first stay, they only had positive things to say from front desk attendants to the very tasty breakfast options to their very clean room.

Not our worst hotel stay but certainly not our best. Hotel a bit dated. Items not working or broken. One staff member was rude.

Staff was excellent and the hotel and rooms are super clean! Would definitely stay here again!

A good location for a short stay in Austin, and a satisfactory hotel

Definiu o padrão  Marriot. Foi o primeiro hotel dessa rede que fiquei. A partir dessa excelente experiência  (recepção, limpeza, Internet, breakfast) a rede Marriot será sempre minha primeira opção. Um grande serviço que vale o preço pouco acima dos demais.

Nice clean rooms. Staff was very very nice. Great place to stay

Rooms were clean, cool and roomy! Beds very comfortable. Breakfast was great! Very friendly service at front desk and other staff especially those that cooked!!!!! Thank you!

Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane was phenomenal!!  We travelled to Austin for a friend’s birthday celebration and visit a local winery. The hotel was centrally located for all planned festivities. We had a blast and the scenery was breathtaking. The complimentary breakfast hit the spot and I will look for other Fairfield properties when traveling.

Clean, quiet and comfortable

Clean rooms.  Well managed and friendly service.  Good breakfast.

I was doing a long journey inside the USA. From Florida to Chicago and San Antonio, TX. Stay on Fairfield Inn, it was a great experience, everything was cleaning and safe, Internet services and TV was superb. Marriot service is great.

Everything was very nice. The breakfast is awesome!!

Really enjoyed the stay at the hotel. Staff is very courteous and friendly. Breakfast is good and filling. and the hotel is nicely, centrally located in north austin, will definitely come back.

Happy and satisfied, the grounds parking made the visit even more enjoyable

Even with a late check out granted by the front desk at check in and a Do Not Disturb sign on my door I was still woke up prior to the normal check out time by house keeping and then multiple times by the front desk staff on multiple visits to this property in the same week! I requested to have the District Manager contact me back and its been over a week now with no contact from management!

We have now stayed at several Fairfield Inn and Suites by Marriott and each of them was spotless and beautiful!  The staff was super friendly and helpful when I became ill. The breakfasts were all you could hope for. The price was less than some of the poorer selections in the area.

The Fairfield Inn on I-35 at Parmer is an ideal place for great accommodations that don't break the bank, AND keeps you away from some of the worst/thickest traffic tie-ups in Austin. Easy on and off as far as the freeway is concerned. Nice and clean, friendly staff, great for families.

If you enjoy being put on hold or being disconnected, this is the hotel for you.

Great place to stay. Thank you for having us

Everything was great my daughter enjoyed her birthday weekend at Fairfield Inn

Front desk is really friendly and helpful. Great breakfast, comfortable rooms and beds. Great place to stay!

They did a great remodel, staff is friendly and helpful. Room nice, bathroom nice.

Service and location was very convenient

Enjoyed the night. Peaceful sleep for thr both of us. Breakfast was delicious.

Easy to get to this hotel.  Room and hotel was very nice and clean.  Staff was very nice and helpful. Enjoyed our stay there.  Breakfast could have been a little better.  Hotel dining area was full.  Didn't seem to have enough staff to take care of the guest.  Ran out of food a lot and in rushing (maybe) sausage was not fully cooked.  Overall, I would come back.

Better than we expected!

The room smelled and the ac was loud. One of the keys did not work and lady at front desk said it did. The key never worked.

Not Satisfied on Dusty Room and impatient attitude receptionist during check in

Nice, clean

Staffs are friendly and professional. The hotel is clean and bright. The continental breakfast is great, but other than scrambled eggs, all other main entries like egg omelets, sausages, hams are cold. I didn’t bother to try oatmeal because might be cold, too. The worst part was finding no room service provided to my room on my second day after returning to hotel near midnight.

The staff was very polite and accommodated all of our needs.  The beds were very small for a queen it seemed more of a full size bed.

very comfy beds

really nice place to stay off 35, nice and clean, very comfortable

Very nice facilities, with friendly staff and nice rooms.

It was good but it didn't have a hot tub and it said that the pool was heated and the Wi-Fi wasn't working but other than that it was good me and my friends enjoyed it

The stay and experience at Marriott was generally good. Internet TV was a great thing to have.

Great front desk staff, clean and spacious room and great value for the buck!

Great room for reasonable price

It is very clean, friendly staff, and an indoor pool.

Great, friendly, clean, quiet.

It is a normal place. A place to sleep

Pretty nice and very comfortable!!

my stay at the hotel was the worst I ever had could not take a shower because we did not have any hot water I called the front desk on 5/10/5019 to report that we needed someone to fixthe water issue and the lady at the front desk said they would take car of it. Saturday morning still no hot water called the front desk and was told that no one would be in till 9am to look at the issue, so I explained to the lady at the front desk that Iwas here for an event and we needed to shower so 9am would not work for us, so I told them I would have to look for another hotel. I found another hotel and moved all of our stuff to the other hotel at 5:30am. This by far the worst hotel stay I have ever hadthe inconvenience for the purpose for my trip was truly interrupted. Room # 529

Hotel a little to close to highway, lots of noise.

Courteous and accommodating staff. Clean facilities. Convenient location.

Staff great room great breakfast 👍 it was nice. Front desk  was amazing smiling faces go along way.

Very nice enjoyed our two night stay

Overall we had an excellent stay at this property from the welcoming staff to the location. They even provided some welcome brownies and fresh coffee.

Went to Austin for a concert and found this place to stay at last minute, it is a great place to stay, i had all my locations really close, malls, parks and franklin erwin center too.

Excellent.  Exceeded expectations

The hotel and our room were very clean.

Front Deak staff was amazing. Housekeeping needs to pay more attention to details. Checkout time was great. Breakfast was good.

If the pool isn't important it's a nice hotel in a great location

Love ambiance and rooms customer Service.

I had a really good experience here. I booked my room over the internet, soo i got the highway side of the hotel. it was tough the first night, But i adjusted. My neighbor was pretty bad though, Constant slamming of the door, and people visiting until 3 am. The room was very nice, it looked very newly renovated. microwave and mini fridge. Overall this is a great hotel to stay at. I would stay here again.

Very helpful staff! I requested early check ina d they delivered!

Loved it but wish check in was sooner and check out was later

Nice place to stay !

Excellent place to stay! Very friendly and personable staff! Very clean!

Our stay was fine there were a few  hiccups but overall a nice stay.

Great rooms!

Great

Really nice trip with my boyfriend

Very unhappy client .... .... .... .... .... .....

Great spot. I stop to remember where my key was and... snapshot. Got me.

This was a beautiful stay.

Cool

The location was ideal for our needs. This facility offers easy access to a large variety of good dining options, and more importantly fast access to both I35 and the tollway (COTA). The price of the room was great, and by adding in the great breakfast only enhanced the value. 
For anyone attending COTA, and travelling from the DFW area, this option is worth considering.

Very nice hotel, clean and comfortable beds

Food was the worst, they only had veggie sausage - YUK

Bed was too hard, pillows go flat, water pressure was weak, couldn't turn the thermostat down below 67

Well kept up hotel

We were in town for a family event. We only had a couple of hours from the time we arrived to the time of the event. The check in was quick and effortless so we were able to test from a long drive.

Clean, quiet and good breakfast.

It's okay

Excellent customer service and very accommodating staff. Stayed here for 16 nights for business. My room was comfortable and had everything I needed.

I will say that but for the business center, my stay was totally terrific.  The front desk associates were terrific and very helpful,  Connor went out of his way to help me with the computer in the lobby when it froze on me.  He is very professional and very pleasant.  Speaking of the computer in the lobby, besides apparently being in need of upgrade, every other Fairfield that I've stayed at had two computers in the lobby whereas Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Austin North has only one.
Breakfast was very nice.  Food was good and the room was very clean.  
Without exception, the staff was excellent and does a great job making guests feel welcomed and appreciated.

Keep up the good work friendly staff, awesome breakfast and super clean rooms

From check in to check out it was an amazing experience.

It’s a nice place with clean rooms and good internet.

Had to stay on a different floor than a group I met, because they gave away my room, and the room I stayed in was compact, but nice. Loved the bathroom though.

Room was nice; environment did not provide a restful experience. Would not stay at this location again.

Need improvements to catch up my attention in the future

Comfy  bed. Nice size king suite. Staff great but I got sick from the breakfast otherwise they would have gotten 4 stars.

Enjoyed staying here with my daughters and close to everywhere that we was going to.

Beautiful room, thick towels, very clean and modern with lots of lights, but neighbors made my two night stay that I had planned for months as a vacation with a friend horrible. Noise was very loud all night up until 4-6am! We could hear blasting music and speakers and yelling and talking at each other very loudly. They were drinking alcohol. I informed staff several times through the messaging system and calling and even after staff “took care” of it; the neighbors would quiet down temporarily and they went back to the same noise level for both nights. The second night in the morning about 6am we heard doors slamming on and off and inappropriate sexual noises through our walls! We barely had any rest. It felt like a nightmarish waste of our $200! Our stay could’ve been much better if it wasn’t for our inconvenience. Area wasn’t too bad but it was a little confusing on finding our hotel parking lot. It’s 15-20 minutes from downtown. There was also complimentary breakfast, but which Sunday morning was short of variety by 9am. Breakfast started at 6:30am so I’m sure we could’ve got better variety if we would’ve got it earlier.

Yo creo que por este hotel estaría bien pagar máximo 80 dólares no está como se ve la fotos y pésimo el servicio

Newly remodeled hotel with excellent breakfast. Very nice staff. Located close to highway.

Pool was out of service for half  of the time of my stay. I specifically stayed at this location for the pool and paid extra compared to others with no pool service. I feel that i should have been compensated for the no pool amenities.

Great staff, clean rooms ,great rates what more could a guest want??

Excellent customer service and I haven't even gone to bed yet! I'm travelling on business and my Company booked my room but didn't charge it to the account. Victor at the front desk not only took care of the situation, but sent me to my room while he emailed my home office for authorization. He also took great consideration as to my floor preference and booked me in a quiet spot. He then followed up with me twice - once to confirm that the email was sent and once to confirm the room was paid for.

It gets better!!!! So after all my work calls - at 10:50 - I go to watch some telly and my remote is dead. No problem for Victor though! He had a spare ready and charged up at the front desk. :)

And he did it all with a smile and friendly banter....genuine friendliness that was very appreciated after a long business day.

The rooms are nicely appointed as well.

Wonderful guest services very helpful front desk agents.

Newly renovated, clean rooms good breakfast.

The most comfortable beds and pillows in a hotel I've ever stayed in. Everyone was super nice at this location. Breakfast has something for everyone. Great mini store to purchase snacks and small bathroom items/medications you may have forgotten. Overall great experience.

Love indoor pool

Enjoyed my stay especially because the front desk associate was amazing. 
My room was very clean and the bed super comfortable. My only complaint is relative to the bathroom door. I would’ve preferred the ability to keep the door open while doing my makeup.

We have regular meeting at this location and the staff is amazing and kind. The customer service is
Excellent and they are very helpful. 5 stars!!

Rooms are recently updated and are very comfortable.  The staffs fantastic. The complimentary coffee was very appreciated.  The breakfast area was spotless and it was a nice food selection

Excellent service very welcoming great stay thanks

Although there were re-modelling works going on within the hotel, the staff was so kind to us that they made our stay a pleasant one. They deserve a big applause... thank y'all

Service and quality of the hotel and room was excellent. None of the rooms have a tub, which I especially look forward to when staying in a hotel. Also, there wasn’t a mirror in the room. Had I had someone else in the room with me, I would’ve wanted that to help get ready.

Great place to stay staff was very friendly and hotel is clean.

Great place to lay your head down for the night!
This one is in the midst of being renovated. The room has good feel.

The lower rating on lobby and hotel was they were doing a good deal of remodeling other than that no problems. The workers did try to keep a low profile.

Very friendly. Very accommodating. Very cool room. Needs some renovation but very clean and restful. Breakfast was good. Will stay here again when visiting ATX.

Our stay was pleasant and comfortable. The staff was extraordinarily courteous and helpful. The room was clean and had all the expected accessories. We will certainly stay here on our next visit.

Very clean and staff is very friendly. So far enjoying my stay.

Even with the remodeling the hotel was clean and the staff were friendly.

I love their new rooms. Everything is excellent except the AC. Everyone is friendly but i just want to give appreciation of hard work of the young lady that came from Philippines, i forgot to catch her name . But i just want to let her know that she did the excellent customer service. She always had her big smile. We probably go back next time.

Check in and check was great.  The agent was very friendly, even the night auditor was friendly.  Great team!

Had an outstanding experience, staff friendly and helpful. They located an item I left behind and contacted my relative when the found it.  I’m very grateful for their kind attention to my needs.

From check in to check out, everyone was great and very friendly. The room was wonderful and very comfortable.

I went in a tour of the hotel stone it's been renovated.  It's beautiful.  The rooms are cozy I love the new color,  Navy blue.  The staff are very sweet. Thanks Fairfield.

The free breakfast was outstanding in variety and quality. Staff very friendly. Facilities clean and up to date. Very large walk in shower. Impressed that bathroom ventilation good enough that one of us could shower without steaming up the mirror while the spouse used the mirror! Room itself a bit tight but adequate (this was a standard King room). Some outside noise due to nearness to I35.

Great service amazing breakfast will return in the future

Awesome service and quality staff

I enjoyed my stay. I received excellent service from the staff. As a marriott rewards member I was able to check in really early.   I appreciated that

Clean room

En general bien , es un hotel muy agradable, las personas de recepción muy atentas.

I have stayed at Fairfield Inn Austin North a few times.  The quality of the  Property, Staff, Room and Services has been and was again excellent, which is greatly appreciated

Rooms were ok. They said I was in a newly removated room, but the room I was in 6 months ago was much nicer. The room I stayed in this time looks just like the room I stayed in over a year ago. I was not impressed.

Maybe the most cordial staff I've ever encountered and I'm very hard to please. It was the whole team. What a group.
Rooms were very comfortable and quiet. Breakfast was yummy and nutritious. Stay here!!!

Good service, room and no issues

Nice & clean hotel. Would definitely go there again. Look way better than most Hilton's.

It was a business trip...the stay at hotel was good and good location

Nice room, pleasant staff, as expected.

Best stay ever!! I was the 1st to stay on the 5th floor after they recently remodeled the place. Breakfast was a plus!! Indoor pool, workout center, entertainment area, and not to mention a computer with printer handy if you needed to use it. I'd recommend the stay!

It was real nice comfy beds nice breakfast  and friendly service

The hotel was wonderful and the staff gave us great service. The bed was verh comfortable, above my expectations. A good experience overall.

It was excellent stay. Good breakfast. Friendly frontdesk staff. Elther was great. Recommended property to all!

Wonderful and the price was amazing! It is 5 minutes from the Domian area.

Great hotel location, friendly & courteous staff, very comfortable beds & super buffet breakfast

Great hotel- Staff very attentive
To customers needs - great counter help

The hotel was obviously a little older and was undergoing renovations. Our room smelled a little like paint when we arrived, but we quickly grew nose blind to the odor. The room was also smaller than the Springhill and we really couldn't find a good place to keep the suitcase that we could access daily for items. Overall the room was fine and it is a good, economical hotel.

good place. and a very good menu option for breakfast.

Very nice hotel. Super comfy beds

Muy cómodo..... Súper limpio, el desayuno necesita algo de variedad, pero bueno. El trato muy amable. En general, muy buen hotel. Y muy buen precio.

This is a horrible place!  They are a deviant franchise operation of the Marriott system and train don’t train their front employees to think beyond what their computer screen says.

My friend had a reservation to stay at this dispcable place and was checking in and they authorized his credit card for the entire amount of his stay.  The clerk at the front desk didn’t know what she was doing and was tapping on her computer screen like the commercial from Rock Auto that shows a dunce on his computer hoping that he’ll get the right auto part.  But she was doing was checking him into a room at a hotel. How easy can it get?

He has a reservation, she authorized his credit card for the full amount and then denied him a access to a room saying he wasn’t checked in on her computer. She had tapped on her computer so much she erased the transaction. She told him to call up his bank at 11:00 pm at night. Luckily, they answered and helped out. The bank verified that the hotel had authorized money from the Fairfield Inn of Austin in Parmer and the date and time matched identically to the time period involved. The incompetent front desk clerk said that it did not happen because her computer screen did not have him “checked in”. The bank verified the facts with the desk clerk and she did nothing but asked for another credit card from my friend. Who in their right mind would give them another credit card when she charges his card, had it verified from his bank and can’t figure out what happened on her computer?  When he asked that she release the authorization she said she didn’t have the authority to do so and didn’t know the information the bank was asking to release it from their end.

When my friend requested to speak to her supevisor, she said she was the manager and no one was above her. This is ridiculous and uncooperative, especially when he verified it with his bank that she suggested him to do. When he was unsatisfied with the response, she called the police and stated he was trying to get a room without paying. The police showed up and assumed my friend was trying to get a room without paying. My friend had to call the bank again and go through unreasonable means to prove to the police what the facts were. The front desk clerk was smug and condescending and lead the officer on to believe my friend was doing something illegal and wanted him arrested. When the officer finally figured out my friend was correct, he said it was a civil matter and nothing he could do about it. What a disaster!  Who has ever heard of something so unjust?

I couldn’t believe what my friend was telling me. I couldn’t imagine a clerk so cavilier to screw up a transaction so badly, get verification that she had authorized his credit card, wouldn’t release the transaction, and then call the police to intimidate him to leave. What kind of a hospitality business is this?  Totally blunders, blames the customer and then calls the police when she can’t resolve the situation in any other manner.

This place is total chaos. They have no business having people of this low character and ability running their operation. It is unimaginable that they send a guest who has paid out into the cold of the night without a room when he had a reservation and had paid in full. It is as inhospitable and they have no business being in the lodging business.

Don’t stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites of Austin at the Parmer location. They are incompetent and unbelievably inhumane. Calling the police when they can’t resolve the matter with a person of authority because they are afraid of uncovering their mistake and covering it up is unconscionable.

Other reviews reveal that this operation is unethical and knowingly cheat their guests.

DO NOT SUBJECT YOURSELF TO THE ABUSE AND MISMANAGEMENT OF THIS OPERATION.

DO NOT STAY AT THIS INN FOR ANY REASON!

awesome

The staff was professional and courteous at all times.  The room was clean and comfortable.

Had a meeting at this location, but during our short breaks had not realized that there was only one bath available and so there was a line each time we had a break.

Very nice hotel. Rooms were clean and beds were great. Staff was friendly and made us feel welcome.

Front desk lady was very pleasant! Breakfast was AMAZING with several choices!

Another great Fairfield. I stay at these because they are consistently clean and nice and new. The service here was wonderful, both at night when I checked in and in the morning when I had breakfast and checked out.

Customer service was really great, and hotel was clean and well stocked for any needs. Pool was not heated as the heater was broken and this was why  I specifically chose this location. I would stay here again and the breakfast was phenomenal.

Good clean property with a friendly staff.

I give them a 10 on everything the staff and manger was very polite and friendly make sure your never with out anything rooms stay clean

I stay here a few times each year. Always a pleasant experience.

Un buen ambiente y limpió

Great hotel, big modern clean rooms, excellent breakfast on site, very friendly and professional staff .!!!

I've stayed there several times over the years and the staff is always super friendly, beds are comfy for those that prefer a firm mattress, breakfast is good.

I gave such high ratings because the stay was excellent. The price was very reasonable.

Staff was nice and rooms were clean. Appreciated the waters in the lobby when checking in and out.

nice hotel, was there for just the night, no complaints

Customer service was awesome. They checked us in early without any questions asked. The accommodations are very comfortable.

Me and my son stayed here to go to the formula 1 race and the stay here was amazing. The rooms were clean and spacious and I loved how the bathroom floor was tiled. The breakfast they offered had so many different choices and they kept up on supplying the food. I really appreciate all the hard work you all do at the hotel.

A good stay, very minor issues. All facilities within Austin are only a Taxi ride away - Good Pool, Good Gym, Decent Internet - staff on hotel reception were always polite and helpful and willing to call a taxi whenever needed

Clean, quiet, friendly and helpful staff.

I love this place, I will stay here again in.

Overall stay rated a 3. Room wasn't clean. Front desk was nice. Didnt have the upper room as we requested but gave us compli

Wow.. It was wonderful experience. The suits, staff, Cleanness I would say every thing was fantastic.. Thank you Marriott

I should’ve booked a Fairfield room first!
I ran across town to escape a dingy motel that was not up to snuff and when I got to Fairfield It was like coming home. The staff was excellent the standards of quality and the consistent guest care make Fairfield my number one choice from now on!

Thermostat way too bright. Like someone was using a cell phone while you were trying to sleep. When ac unit was not running, the road noise was very loud. Didn't notice ear plugs in bathroom until the next morning, so evidently it's a known issue.

Registration staff was nice and very helpful during both checkin and checkout. Room was decent. Shower was large.

The staff, room, and overall hotel was really nice and clean. However, a big reason we chose this hotel was for the indoor pool for the kids. When we took them to the pool, the water was FREEZING! My son was quivering after a short while on the pool.

The staff were very nice, friendly and helpful.

Front Desk Associate ELDER was super friendly and accommodating.  She's an asset to have at your location.

I will certainly use this location next week on my return to Austin for business.

Thank you

Friendly staff. Clean rooms.

I was pleasantly surprised that my room was as comfortable as it was. I have no complaints. I would definitely return

Lackluster at best. The highlight of our stay was the breakfast and it was just ok. Check in experience was disappointing.

Unfortunately, room randomly smelled of sewage in the middle of our stay. The bed was noisy and uncomfortable. There was also a pest problem in the room.

Will not be back.

Friendly staffs and clean room.
Good for the price and definitely a repeater. The only thing to improve is selection of coffee.

Stayed 2 nights. Friday 9/21/18 thru Saturday 9/22/18. Friday night was fine. Saturday night our 2 kids stayed with us on the sleeper sofa. My son unfolded the blanket from the linen closet only to find what appeared to be dried semen from a previous guest's use. Disgustingly blanket was put back into closet and front desk was notified. Person at front desk advised someone would be in touch with us over the situation but no one ever called back.

Excelente servicio, y una agencia muy especial

Fue una buena experiencia, la habitación estaba muy limpia y ordenada equipada para brindar buena experiencia( plancha de ropa y secadora de cabello disponibles en habitación ayudan mucho para viajes de trabajo)

Great place to stay.

Surprisingly quiet for being so close to I-35 (and having ear plugs along with soap, shampoo etc. Cheerful, helpful staff.

This is a very nice hotel. I actually booked here by accident thinking I was booking at another one that in that vicinity but it was ok that I did because this place is just as nice and the staff is just as friendly.

I loved the wide variety they offer for the complimentary breakfast. The fitness center was clean and appealing. Now  I have two great choices of places to stay

Extremely friendly staff

Nice hotel and very nice front desk attendants.

I enjoyed my stay and will stay again the staff was great and helpful my room was clean everyone was very helpful and friendly i would tell all my friends to stay there

Good clean place to stay.

nice place to stay for business - not many places in walking distance

Staff very  friendly  place is nice and comfortable

The hotel is a great value for the price. We stayed there for a work conference. Not a ton of dining options near the hotel. Phillip at the front desk is one of a kind and went above and beyond to make our stay extra special!

My husband and i where at the Fairfield inn for a meeting and we had a good experience the room was nice and clean as will as the bathroom grate touch.hope to go back soon.

Great employees!! Kudos to Philip!! Uncomfortable beds and towels and wash cloths are very old looking

Excellent Accomodations and Great Staff. I have stayed at this hotel 4 times when I come to Austin

I didn't stay overnight. So I don't know how the rooms are but the lobby is nice. Location is really great. Close enough to downtown without being in it. Only about a 15 minute drive

Overall the room was clean,  check in staff were helpful, friendly, knowledgeable about  the area.

Found this hotel and felt the rate and location were reasonable. We arrived with 20 minutes to check-in, change, and drive to downtown Austin for a banquet. The young lady at the front desk was very pleasant and politely asked why we were in Austin. I mentioned the banquet and simply noted the time it started. Without saying a word, she started working even faster and even jogged to a different station and back with a paper she needed. She placed us on the second floor right in front of the elevators. All of this was very thoughtful and definitely helpful. Getting back on I-35 South to drive to the banquet was VERY convenient. We made it just in time. 

The hotel is well-kept both inside and out and parking was plentiful. All aspects of the room were very clean and very comfortable and made it easy to relax upon our return to our room. We only stayed one night, so we did not take advantage of all the amenities other than the breakfast room and breakfast. The complimentary breakfast was very enjoyable with sufficient and well-maintained options. The only slight difficulty we encountered was getting to the hotel once we exited the interstate. You can't miss the hotel, but we had to weave through the other hotels to get to the Fairfield. But it was worth the little bit of effort.

I only was in town one night but this property was very accessible, friendly, clean and provided an excellent environment for my stay.  There were no surprises

Decent hotel. But suete had too much furniture for its size.

The hotel is clean the breakfast is hot and delicious  with a variety of choices and they have veggie sausage! They have a nice gym and an indoor pool! It’s not too far from down town and conveniently down the street from Walmart! We enjoyed our stay

My overall stay at the hotel was amazing! I do look forward to staying here in the future! Staff was beyond amazing and very welcoming from the moment we checked in! The amenities the hotel offers and provides are perfect! I have nothing to complain about!

Staff is amazing and super sweet, great breakfast, and rooms are simple and comfortable! A great place to just kick back and relax!! I will becoming back to stay here every time we visit Austin!

Excellent place to rest your head

Super nice hotel and I will be back

I have stayed at several Austin hotels in the past.  This one is by far the friendliest and most accommodating!  Will stay here from now on!

Always have had a positive experience here.  First problem.

The hotel far exceeded my expectations since this was a last minute unplanned trip. Very friendly and helpful staff and rooms were very clean. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.

You will get a stress free stay at Marriott.   They got a bunch of amenities for your needs.

For being a last minute trip I could not have chosen a better place to stay

The hotel was very nice and very clean. We were originally supposed to stay 3 nights but ended up checking out and staying at a Fairfield across town due to an extremely rude front desk clerk.

Hôtel avec un service impeccable!||Malgré une décoration vieillotte et un petit-déjeuner moyen, tout le reste est très bien : chambre propre, fonctionnelle, fitness opérationnel.||Un super bon point : l'accueil du personnel, souriant, à l'écoute, adorable.

Receptionist did not understand requests.

Nice hotel. Would come back.

My stay was wonderful and I would recommend this hotel to all of my friends and family

La Quinta always has been my go to but after bad 4 day stay in Corpus we vowed never again. Stopped in Austin for a night to visit family and Fairfield was close to their house. All the Marriott hotels now have my business.

Excellent location, very clean, excellent hotel, I will stay there again.

Love love this place. People are so sweet.

The Fairfield Inn Austin/North Parmer was just wonderful.  The breakfast was the best I have had in hotels in the past year.  Wide variety, completed stocked and fresh!   (Vegie sausage daily and BACON one day) The suite was clean and very comfortable.  AC and fridge were on and cooling when we arrived. Complimentary cold bottled water was provided and the front desk was very knowledgeable and able to answer our travel questions.  We stayed 4 nights. The staff was friendly and professional and they appeared to like their jobs! This is a place I would want to work because of the quality of the  staff. 
Thank you again for a wonderful stay!

I was comfortable and without stress staying there. Everyone I came in contact with at the first desk was very polite and helpful. Definitely a place I would come back to and recommend.

We will definitely return to this hotel.  Beautifully appointed, clean, very good breakfast for anyone's needs.  Friendly, helpful staff.

Comfortable beds, great breakfast and friendly staffs.

Very enjoyable stay. Great staff!

Nice clean place to stay. It's not the Rtiz, but a great value for the money. Very close to North Austin Medical Center. Plenty of fast easy food nearby. Groceries and gas convenient also. The service was awesome. Front desk took great care of us and our newborn.

Great customer service. The people at the front desk are great. The rooms are dated but generally clean.

It wasnt too far from downtown. So we were able to have a night on the town and come to a quiet location and sleep in the softest bed. Great experience. From service to the breakfast in the morning. Just perfect. I love staying at any Marriott hotel and this one is in my favorites. My girlfriend 21st birthday was a success and thanks goes to Daniel who was great from the time we got there. The staff played a big part also.

GOOD EXPERIENCE, JUST WHAT WE NEEDED!  COLD COFFEE MY ONLY COMPLAINT

A very good stay. They even upgraded us to a suite because it was our anniversary. The recommendations for restaurants were spot on. We would stay here again.

Clean,  cosy and safe.   Excellent staff made me feel secure and at home.  Breakfast was a wide selection and fully stocked.  Very satisfied

Me and a friend recently stayed here to go to a conference while in Austin. It was very nice and staff were very friendly.

Awesome. Clean room and pool, helpful staff and good breakfast

Great locations. Staff were very friendly. I wouldn't mind staying her ewwww Again. Main fearure (which I didnt use) was the indoor pool.

Perfectly service and professinal Sttaf highly recomended

Great stay beds are for under 6ft. Consider your height

Budget-friendly Fairfield Inn & Suites are always very clean and comfortable. The staff at this particular Hotel went above and beyond

Thank you for reaching out to me. I really appreciate you. Our hotel stay was amazing. Everyone was very nice. The price was affordable and the service was amazing. Thank you for making our stay comfortable. I would definitely stay at your location again and I will refer you out to my clients.

I WAS SO IMPRESSED WITH THE STAFF FIRST OFF.  THE ROOMS ARE BEAUTIFUL AND COMFORTABLE.  THE BREAKFAST IS AMAZING.  FAR BEYOND ANYTHING I EXPECTED.  THE LOBBY IS SUPER COZY.

Pretty good

The Fairfield inn on Parmer Lane is a great location to stay. It is on 35 and you can get to 290 on Parmer. When we go to Austin from Houston. We travel 290, exit Parmer. 10 min down Parmer and where at the hotel. Downtown Austin is a short drive.

Its a awesome place to stay at

Way over priced

Hotel was very nice, and clean. At check-in I had no problems. The lady at check-in was polite as could be. I wish I would have got her name, so her bosses would know how wonderful she was. The only thing is that the rooms are smaller than I've seen in the past and the bed was didn't seem like it was a king size bed, but it was very comfortable, I really didn't want to get up for my meeting in the morning. Other than that I give this hotel 5 stars. I had no problems during my stay and they accommodated me the best way that they could.

Staff friendly and professional, enjoyed my stay.

Service parfait!
Même si l'hôtel a un style un peu vieillot, le personnel se plie en quatre pour nous servir et répondre à nos besoins.
Très appréciable.

The hotel was located off a major interstate with excellent service and environment.  Access to shopping and dining were plentiful.

Great staff and facility. There were very helpful and convenient. I would definitely stay again

Met guests in the lobby. Seems nice enough

Nice place, only con is the indoor pool, but the customer service was great

Smelled like cigarretes

Great staff, breakfast and super clean and comfortable rooms.  100% satisfied

I went to pickup a guest. The lobby was clean and there was a little waiting area. Lots of parking.

Nice staff. The bed in room 326 was horrible. Most have been installed during the Reagan administration era. Otherwise,  nice place.

Very nice stay twice

I like the Fairfield, have stayed in them many times, always have found them comfortable with no surprises. Quality product without the frills.

Our stay here was Wonderdul! Very clean and the staff was Excellent!

Lo mejor de lo mejor

Pleasant staff went above and beyond during my stay!

The rooms are really comfortable

Great value! This hotel was very affordable, yet the comfort and cleanliness of my room was like I was at a high end hotel. Staff were very friendly and helpful.  Conveniently located on I35. I would definitely recommend this hotel and plan to stay here on my next trip to Austin.

Enjoyed my stay, friendly staff and great breakfast. Rooms were clean, would definitely recommend

Hair left in bathroom and the toilet seat almost fell off when I sat on it.

It's a good hotel. The AC unit blasts which is great when you aren't sleeping right next to it. Breakfast was good and service was good

Hotel was nice but service was nicer. The GM went above and beyond.

My husband & I travel a lot & this is by far the worst hotel experience with a Marriott hotel we’ve ever had. Hard, uncomfortable beds. Cheap thin bedding pillows & linens. Noisy room and road noise. Breakfast was not good and the dining room was dirty & not maintained. The gentleman desk clerk who checked us in was wonderful. He was the only positive during our stay!

The front desk were very helpful in correcting a mistake I made in booking my stay online. The corrected the mistake and made it all well. Great Job

The staff was courteous and helpful. My room was comfortable, clean and quiet.

We just just stayed at this hotel for 9 straight nights and IT WAS AMAZING. The staff was extremely friendly Everytime we walked in and out the rooms were spacious and clean and the location was great. I have no idea why this hotel is only 2 stars, it deserves way more and the staff deserves some serious praise as well.

When you walk in to your hotel and you are welcomed with excellent friendly service, you know your stay will be one to remember.  And mine definitely was because Philip was there to assist us with any questions or concerns we had.

I would absolutely recommend this place.  Easy check in, easy check out, wonderful breakfast, and very friendly staff.

Good prices, decent location

Beds not that comfortable but it's what you would expect for that price

Clean rooms, nice lobby, good rates, within a reasonable driving distance to downtown.

As always it was great to stay at a Marriott hotel

한국에 모텔보다 좀 좋은 수준. 좀 좋은 부분은 조그만 거실이 있다. 조식이 나온다

Room to close to the wash room early morning and evening noise.

Check-in and check-out was smooth, courteous staff and service with smile always

We had not checked in for a Driskill-like experience. The Fairfield delivered what we had engaged with it to deliver.  Our experience was entirely satisfactory.  It suited the occasion.

Stayed here multiple times! This is a great hotel!
Nice rooms, the staff is courteous and helpful, great amenities. The breakfast is delicious!

Good stay - albeit short - but it was good! The staff was great - the room was clean - bed comfortable - good AC - good shower - good workout (this is a personal request - maybe provide shades for the windows and door - I'd prefer not everybody stare in on my wife while working out or on the tread mill - which is why I give the "average mark).....but we will definitely stay at FI&S again!

This is a nice, clean hotel. Free parking and breakfast.

Rooms were a great value. Clean friendly staff. Well groomed hallways and happy people. Can't say enoigh great things aboit my stay. 5/7 would recommend!

Very nice place with a comfortable bed and nice amenities.

Good! Amenities, rooms, staff were friendly! Location kind of out of the way though.

We really enjoyed our stay. The staff was very nice and helpful. The facilities were also very accommodating.

great service, very clean

The room was clean. The lobby was nice and the front desk person was very polite

Good service. Typical contenintal breakfast. Very clean rooms. Near the highway. Free internet.

Very clean but beds aren't very comfortable

Clean spacious rooms, friendly staff, and good breakfast buffet.

Had a great time!

Nice Hotel. Staff is great. I will stay here again.

At the start of my visit will see in later part or days of my stay ... 👍👍👍

Great location, check-in was fast, breakfast was good, room was very comfortable, the shower was awesome

This is a wonderful hotel,great staff, and worth the money. I highly recommend this hotel.

Staff was friendly, and it was clean!

Great clean lobby has free breakfast.

The hotel was easy to access and in a good location for getting dinner and easily getting back to the hotel.  The desk staff was very helpful and had good suggestions for dinner and traffic getting to the airport the next day.  The hotel was clean and secure and the rooms were well equipped.  We slept well and liked the bedding and pillows.  We usually look for Fairfield Inn because we have found the beds comfortable and rooms kept up nicely.  Breakfast had a good variety of fruit, cereal, (hot and cold) as well as eggs, bacon and waffles and was quickly restocked.  We enjoyed our stay.

I was very pleased at how well I was treated here.  I had a problem with the first room I was in, and they immediately moved me and apologized.   The next morning they had even slipped a hand written note under my door.  The beds were extremely comfortable and I slept great.  Breakfast was awesome with a great selection of items

Nice rooms nice staff comfortable beds. A little hard to access but well worth it once you get there.

I needed a microwave in the room but other that everything was great

Overall the staff and hotel were nice. I'd come back again if need be.

Had an issue but they took care of it. The stay was nice. Breakfast was great. They didn't have a microwave in the room but everything else was great

This hotel was in a great location. The staff was friendly and hot breakfast was good. The only issue was that pool was not working

Everyone was Awesome but the lobby/breakfast area and elevators need to be updated buttons on elevators did not respond well.  Staff were great...!!!

The room was amazing and the staff greeted you every time they say you. I will definitely be going back

Had a great date night

Good clean hotel with a decent price

Staff was very friendly. Rooms were clean. I would suggest having more gluten-free options at the breakfast. It was nice having eggs and fruit. Overall, service was excellent!

Absolutely Horrible would never recommend this property or Fairfield Inn and Suites to anyone. The Marriott is known for their quality. This is not quality and should not be affiliated with Marriott in any way shape or form.

The hotel overall was nice and clean just wished the pool was open. But it was a great experience.

Five thumbs up to your AWESOME, AMAZING, FABULOUS, Am/pm/overnight front seat agents!!! Keep up the good work guys....

I really enjoyed my stay here.  Great breakfast!

When checking in the room wasn't ready. We were not told that the pool was closed either. The room was dirty. There were crumbs on the beds. The staff seemed over worked and do not have enough help. I would highly suggest finding a different hotel to stay at.

Great service. Very noisy especially from the dump truck emptying the dumpster at around 5 in the morning.  Extremely low water pressure.

Great stay at this hotel. Staff were very friendly and accommodating. Helpful in referencing places to go. Amazing stay at this hotel and I do plan on coming back.

Always enjoy my stay at Marriott chains

Business trip for local event. Truly enjoyed the breakfast, workout room (with free weights - added perk) and indoor pool. My room was clean, comfortable, and had many amenities. The hotel had a large parking lot that could accommodate my pickup and trailer. Nearby shopping was also helpful. Within budget, would recommend and stay again.

It was okay... walls very thin so u can hear everything even when someone turning on their water. The peopke are nice their. There complementary breakfast was awesome every morning stayed for a week.. they make healthy breakfast as well like veggie sausage ans turkey bacon. Their eggs are great my 1 yr old love the yogurt and they also have waffles u make. Its an indoor pool suppose to b warm but to me it was not warm it waa not ice cold either compared to outside. Didnt see a Jacuzzi though

Price was over quality. Needs updating of beds. Pool needs not to smell as if it had shock in it.

Everything was just right. Kids loved the pool. Breakfast was just enough.very comfortable beds.

Great staff, clean rooms what more could you ask for.

- Gold Elite status not acknowledged
- Golden Corral recommended when asking for a restaurant (IN AUXTIN, TX)
- Bathroom floor dirty
- Half-filled shampoo and lotion bottles (i.e. used)
- Room didn't smell particularly fresh
- Inconsistent internet reception
- Poor selection of foods in lobby
- Plug on lamp didn't work, which required me to charge my phone from my computer
- Breakfast okay, but very carb-heavy... typical

Nice staff. I visited on what seemed to be a very busy weekend

I enjoyed my stay but I wish that I received more help when it came down to finding something that was left behind. I am worried that it was picked up by someone. I also saw a few things behind areas that were left behind as far as food wrappers and things like that. So I know that the rooms aren’t cleaned very detailed.

Great breakfast and nice clean room

I enjoyed my stay at Fairfield Inn and Suites the staff was very courteous and the hotel is very neatly kept. Housekeeping cleans on a daily basis and you get complementary breakfast.

Very nice and quiet stay. Staff friendly and nice rooms. Comfy beds and nice bathrooms. Definitely would recommend.

Buena atencion. Limpieza, iluminacion y servicios de primera. Al dormir hay q exigir mejores almohadas.

clean comfortable roms

This hotel is vefy nice and we had no problems. Breakfast was great

I mistakenly left clothes behind in the closet. Raj was very proactive I getting a hold of me to ensure they returned. Delivered by FedEx to my home the next day.

Thank you very much for keeping me in peace and great feeling

Nice place to stay with good amenities (breakfast, pool, fitness room, etc). However, if you need or are used to spacious rooms; look into other options.

Enjoyed a confortable pleasant stay. The staff was courteous and polite, and the breakfast was good.

The room was too bright at night for me to sleep at all.

Just spent my first night and was very nice

We checked in very late.  The gym is available 24hrs/day so I was able to work out...great!  Fantastic gym! Roomy and well equipped.  Coffee was also available at 10:30 PM so that was a welcome surprise.  Sadly I cannot remember the lady at the desk but she was so helpful.  The room was clean and the beds were comfortable.  Breakfast was great, first time I tried vegetarian sausage, not bad.  Great stay.

My stay with Marriott chains are always pleasant and if any small things that can be addressed and fixed immediately.

2nd time staying at this hotel and both times have been great. Employees are very welcoming and friendly. Hotel is extremely clean and well organized. Loved the big shower in the king suit and the fact that I didn't have to kneel down to take a shower like I do in most hotel showers. Great breakfast selection in the morning which makes the day start off on the right foot. Only complaint I would have is that the mattress could be of better quality.

Muy buen hotel para alojarse en Austin, por turismo o trabajo. Ubicado sobre una Autopista principal, si bien está en el Norte de la ciudad, permite un rápido acceso a Downtown en 20 minutos. Moderno, limpio y confortable. El desayuno es muy bueno y las condiciones generales del Hotel son óptimas. Quiero destacar especialmente la amabilidad, cortesía y dedicación del personal de recepción, siempre muy atentos para solucionar cualquier inquietud. El único aspecto en contra que quiero resaltar también, es que la piscina estaba cerrada, cosa que no estaba debidamente aclarado al reservar el hotel. Parece un detalle menor, pero no lo es cuando uno selecciona el hotel, entre los que tienen piscina disponible.No me gusta pagar por servicios que no están disponibles. No obstante esto último, recomiendo éste Hotel.

Across-the-board great, friendly, helpful customer service. The rooms were exactly what we were expecting. The rates were better than we expected for what we got.  The entire hotel was very clean. The location was great, because there was plenty of things to do and places to eat around it as well.

Excellent

I was like a good area. I’m living in Virginia .If i want to go to Austin once again I will go to fairfield Inn &suites Astin thanks again

great experience, friendly staff, breakfast amazing

Estuvimos muy cómodos en nuestra estancia

Omg the beds and pillows are amazing.

They were working to install a bunch of TV's on our floor in the morning. Also there were too many Marriott's in Austin named Fairfield.

가격만족

Indoor pool! Got to take my kids swimming on a 40* day in December!

A very comfortable and hospitable place. My stay was awesome. Excellent location.

I have e enjoyed my stay, I try to use Marriott whenever I travel.

I enjoyed my stay. Staff was very friendly and accommodating.

Clean place, bed was a little uncomfortable, breakfast in the mornings. They tend to run out of coffee

I stay at this property 20 plus nights per year and love that it is close to The Domain as well as one of my offices.

Trip for a funeral.  We were comfortable and it was a good value.

Friendly staff, clean and tidy. Just as nice as any Marriott hotel.

It's ok. Nothing to write home about but it's not a bad place by any stretch of the imagination. The rooms are relatively large and the staff is friendly. Otherwise, it's probably what you'd expect - pretty standard breakfast, decor, beds, etc. It's close to tech places but there's little to do around it.

Awesome hotel, enjoy all the amenities!!!

Hotel staff were very friendly and the hotel was very clean. Complimentary breakfast was good (except for the vegetarian sausage).

I've stayed at this Fairfield Inn & Suites several times over the past several years and have always had great customer service. If an issue arises, they are prompt and courteous to get it resolved swiftly for their guests.

Was very pleased with the accommodations at the Fairfield Inn.  Staff was very helpful and friendly and complimentary breakfast one of the best we have ever experienced.  Will stay here again the next time we are in Austin.

Optamos por esse hotel no final de semana que fomos a Fórmula 1. É um hotel simples, novo. Para o nosso propósito de dormir foi bem atendido! Honesto.|O quarto que reservamos para 4 pessoas não estava disponível. Ficamos em 2 quartos separados, esse ponto foi desagradável!

Friendly staff, clean room, good breakfast.

Best thing about this hotel was the front desk staff and service.  Anna was excellent as well as the evening desk clerk.

The beds were just horrible.  I did not get a good night's sleep.  The room was clean but dated.  The hotel is off of the feeder road so it was noisy inside our room. The breakfast was standard.  While we were eating breakfast two people walked on off the street fixed plates of food and left.  The front desk clerk was in the back. At that point I really did not feel safe anymore.  I am not sure if that is a common in this area.

The staff was great and the room appeared clean but there was a musty smell. I didn’t report it because it was late and I didn’t have time to look for something else. The rooms there were limited I stayed the night and said I just wouldn’t come back

When we arrived there was no towels, we notified front desk and they immediately gave them to us, they were very friendly. We had a restful night, beds were very comfortable and breakfast was great. We'll  definitely stay here again when in town.

Too many hispanics in the Breakfast Buffet Room was nice and Clean.

Very disappointed.   Despite having do not disturb sign out, someone entered my room and took a phone charger out of my bag.   I called the front desk and they suggested it was just displaced.  Dishonest staff...i am a Marriott gold member and will never stay at this property again

call to confirm you have a room before you check in!

I really enjoyed my stay. From the minute I walked into the facility, the friendly staff greeted me and got me checked in quickly. The facility décor is nice, updated, clean and inviting. The room was clean and nicely appointed with separate living room area from the bedroom. I would recommend rooms on the front side of building as you do get some traffic noise on the back side of building. You have easy access on and off IH-35 and there are plenty of restaurants and shopping close by.

This location was close to our family we were visiting and easy to access the freeways.

Great service. Clean rooms. Great breakfast.

The hotel staff was so friendly and helpful. It was clean and the breakfast was great.

Good, like I said the room could’ve been vacuumed and it wet near the fridge

It was nice to be able to check in at 11am instead of noon or 3pm like some chains.

Workworkwork

Staff was superb

Overall, the hotel was okay. The pool looked very dirty, the carpet in the room was sticky in random spots, the tv was small and random channels would not be available. I probably would not stay in the hotel again due to there being many other options in the immediate area. The staff was very helpful and made up for the dated appearance of the rooms.

Warning: get your room rate in writing.  We were told that we would be given their special wedding discount as we were in a block pre-reserved group.  When we arrived we asked to also pay for our son's room.  Both rooms cost over a thousand dollars for the two days that we were there (!)  We went down to the front desk and were told that NO discount would be applied because it was their busy season.  This was for Oct. 20th until the 22nd.  Yes folks ...$218 for each room that was advertised at $56.  Beware...and be sure to protect your pocket book by booking elsewhere.

Ok place not bad some were in the middle

If you need a comfortable and clean place to stay, this is where you need to make reservations. The breakfast was bountiful with many choices for different appetites. Access to the location was easy on-easy off from IH 35. This will be my family's destination from now on to stay when we come to Austin.

I came for a conference. My wife and I enjoyed our stay.

Excellent staff, very nice accommodations, breakfast great, room clean

Great location.

Very comfortable hotel

아늑한 장소. 오스틴 동서남북으로 연결되는 중심에 위치함. 무료 와이파이와 조식 제공됨

Excellent customer service quality second to none excellent place to stay

I had a great experience here. My room was always clean and the bed was extremely comfy! I was very glad we chose this hotel to stay at. Breakfast was great every morning, and the business center was easy to use. I especially liked the cookies up at the front desk each day! Friendly staff, would definitely recommend!!

Nice

Not a five star hotel, but the staff gave five star service. Upgraded my room after the first night was on the noisier side (facing I35). Breakfast was better than average for a business hotel. They need more than one washer and dryer though. And you pay $1.75 for wash and $1.50 for dry. Overall nice place. I'd stay there again.

Excelente, Atencion, limpieza comodidad

Love the customer service and the hospitality

Very nice hotel and good breakfast

Good service, very helpful

No water but you can get the bottle of water from frontdesk

Just like in flights... they overbooked my reservation, didn't get a notice or call, and its 2:43 and I don't have a room to sleep in. They gave me my money back and an apology, does that even help?  I just happen to come driving straight from Canada.

Clean and nice place to stay. Front desk was friendly and the breakfast was good.

Staff was very understanding and helpful filing for FEMA paperwork

Fled to Austin during hurricane Harvey and stayed here at Fairfield Inn.  Check in time is normally at 3, Kelsey was so awesome and let us check in before 10 am.  The staff was so kind and did all they could to make our stay with them comfortable.  The front desk could not have been more helpful.  Thank you John, Natzul, Kelsey, and Bonnie for all your kindness.  Breakfast was great every morning,  it was even extended to make sure they took care of everyone.  Gloria you did a fantastic job in the kitchen, trying to keep up with all the guests.  The rooms were clean and the beds are comfortable.   Location is close to food, grocery stores, gas, and convenient stores.  Iwould definitely stay here again and would recommend it.  Thank you again everyone!

We evacuated from hurricane Harvey. We initially stayed in the embassy suites and then moved here bc the Fema emergency assistance had this place listed on their site. The only complaint I have about this place is that the free breakfast could be better.  Especially for those in an extended stay situation. As we know, the hurricane turned into an extended flooding event. Our home is located where the river meets the gulf so the effects of Harvey took longer to impact us. With that, we were in the ES for one week and at this point have been at the Fairfield for one week. The complimentary breakfast is delightful if u love cereal, yogurt, waffles and parfaits. If u love scrambled eggs, sausage, Canadian bacon and omelets this breakfast will disappoint you. Every. Day. Especially after a week at the embassy suites. My opinion,  if ur gonna scramble the eggs make em edible.  Other than that this place is nice. It's clean, the staff is friendly, it's close to eateries, and shops, has ample parking and a weight room open 24 hrs.

Being that I used to be a front desk supervisor at a Fairfield inn in Victoria tx,  I understand how a full hotel can get. The front desk staff were very understanding of my situation and welcomed me and my family.  They were all very kind and professional during check and check out.  
Our housekeeping was very sweet and thoughtful.  Our room was spotless and my daughters stuffed bear was tucked in nice and cozy on top of our bed. 
Over all excellent staff and I enjoyed my stay very much.

Love it

Cool

Nice and clean hotel. Friendly staff, comfortable beds, great breakfast. Wish the beds were a bit bigger but I was really happy with my stay.

Middleweight on the lower end of business hotels

Great service and location

N/a

Loved it

Clean hotel; great for business travel

Room can be cleaner. Customer service is great.

Awesome time increadible stay. people of excellent.

Great staff, nice ambiance, had a wonderful time

As is the case most of the time, we found the Fairfield met our every requirement.

I was surprising our 8 year old granddaughter with a birthday shopping trip.  She had no idea what we were doing or where we were going.  After a day of shopping, we arrived at the hotel and were treated so warmly by Kelsey.  She was so gracious and made Brooklyn feel very special.  Once in our room, Bonnie shows up at the door saying she heard that there was a special young lady celebrating a birthday.  She presented her with a very large birthday cake balloon and cupcakes!  Granddaughter was bowled over!  I can't thank your staff enough for helping to make her special trip just that much better.

Very clean room nice space and also very quiet

Comfortable.

This hotel was low-cost and got the job done. I had a bed and bathroom and appreciated the exercise room being open 24 hours a day. However, the TV did not work, the alarm clock wouldn't set and I was unable to set a wake-up call on the automated phone system. The desk employees were kind and welcomed me with a quick check in. The facilities looked slightly dated, but were fine enough.

I would like to commend the personnel for their excellent hospitality in all aspect.

The room was clean. The staffs were friendly. But the walls are thin and the beds are not too comfortable.

조식이 훌륭함

The people were friendly, cookies at the front desk, great parking, and a decent breakfast. I like the location to the highway and walnut creek park, Walmart, techridge, p-ville and Austin (it straddles the line). I DON'T understand why there are 3 different Marriot types literally in the same parking lot, but hey, that's their business strategy to manage.

Great hotel, clean and nice.

Was good, has nice showers.

Our parents stay here every time they visit in town. They really like the place. Nice rooms, with good a/c! (the most important thing of any visit is the a/c)

The locations was great the rooms were looking beautiful and the service was excellent people were nice and hard working

Room was absolutely spotless as was the whole Hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was excellent. Must mention that the night clerk who checked us in was super friendly and asked why my daughter and I were in Austin. When we let her know that we were there to take care of the final Financial arrangements for my daughter who passed away last month, she was totally sympathetic and very kind. In the morning we found a small bag on our room door handle with candy bars and chips and a bottle of water and a handwritten sympathy note. That was definitely over and Beyond the scope of providing good service!

저가형 inn.

Great place to stay

Great place !

A pleasant stay. Overall the amenities were good. Front desk staff were really accommodating and helpful to any request. The breakfast could add more verities. The bed may get some upgrades.

Overall it was really good place to stay. Would recommend to anyone for a short visit to Austin.

Plenty of restaurants nearby, great shopping locations, great walkways along the water for bikes and walking, a few miles from downtown area but you get there quickly by interstate highway

Bed bugs. Horrible.

The Motel was clean the staff was courteus. Great place to stay.

Free cookies, cold water, coffee

It was clean, decent and comfortable for the night! However, the noisy refrigerator disturbed my sleep during the night!!!

Beautiful hotel, friendly staff. I misplaced my phone and they found it for me and kept it at the front desk.

The location was perfect for us, we really enjoyed our stay and the breakfast. It was a little packed over the weekend, breakfast lines were long and crowded.

Convenient clean hotel with a great breakfast!

My overall stay was good once my bed situations was resolved.

Good and clean hotel with a decent complimentary breakfast that is sufficient for a short stay.

It was pretty solid for the price.

Good service and looked very pretty

Very nice, new and clean facilities, extremely helpful staff. Very happy with my stay.

Easy in and easy out.  Clean room

From our reservation to our check  in and through our check out was absolutely, very professionally handled. I  am a 62 years young man who stay in a hotel with my wife at least 8 times out of the year.  Never in our times of travel have we received such an impeceble  service during our breakfast service.Our hats go off for one of the hispanic lady at the breakfast session.

Good service

Don't judge a book by its cover. Clean.

Excellent room,view,breakfast,and location. I have stay here before and keep coming back everytime. The internet system needs improvement unable to log on via kindle.

Big clean nice rooms friendly staff good food breakfast clean elevators

When items are laundered they need to be check for stains..if there is blood it needs to be tossed. House keeping supervisor obviously did not inspect the room because there were two large stains on the sheets. I worked for Marriott in the past I know what to expect.

My husband and I hardly slept due to the construction but this wasn't the hotels fault. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. We will definitely book another room at Fairfield Inn & Suites.

Great price and room.

Great service. Friendly hospitality.  Will be staying here again.

Located close to highway with easy access to the rest of the city. Clean, comfortable rooms. Polite front desk and healthy breakfast selection.

Manager lied to us and location is more than difficult to find on google maps.

Excellent staff, Building, and room

Great location

Courteous staff, decent breakfast, and clean rooms.

Clean. Good breakfast. Great lady that handled breakfast.

We wanted a clean place to stay that was a good value for our money and this was perfect. It was great for our family. Good location, no noise from the nearby freeway, free breakfast and Wi-Fi.

Clean, quiet and fluffy pillows!

Room and facilities were extremely clean and comfortable. Staff was awesome. Only negatives were the price was expensive and the bathroom and room lacked a mirror that would facilitate the application of makeup.

The concert was phenomenal and the hotel provided the most relaxing experience to rejuvenate to continue the festival.

Grundsätzlich ok. Jedoch ist das Frühstück sehr klein und könnte daher besser sein. Zudem gibt es nur Plastikbesteck was unschön und zudem einen Berg an Müll produziert. Zimmer könnten einen Safe und einen besseren TV haben.

Smell good. Clean but small room with no kichen.

I am very difficult to get a super putative rating from when I spend more than 100 on a room. Very amazing staff, room was very clean, tv did not work well, just very slow to change channels and no channel line up so on your own there. Easy delivery for food, and asking for assistance they tripped over themselves to be helpful

Great place to stay just wish they had a hot tub with the pool.

Good staff. Good breakfast. Pleasant accommodations.

Good price, nice accommodations, descrnt free breakfast.

We needed overnight accommodations for a wedding.  Austin was very busy this weekend & good, affordable rooms were not readily available.  I was delighted to find this hotel.  We are regular Marriott guests. We would definitely stay again when in the area. The hotel is easy to access from both US 290 and I 35.  Very comfortable hotel.  The staff is extremely pleasant & helpful.
Generous breakfast,  comfortable beds.  Close to restaurants and shopping.  Only drawback is that the parking lot fills up quickly out front.

I didn't stay the night, just visited a friend but the hotel room was nice. Room layout was very cozy.

I feel like they can spread the guests out on different floors when there is a lot of people.  Other than that the stay was great, they had breakfast, coffee maker, clean

Service was great, room was very nice for price. Breakfast was not so great, though.

Very nice rooms, friendly staff, good location, but obviously a problem in the housekeeping area.  Two days in a row, my room was not cleaned @ 3:00 PM.  Both days had to go to the front desk & wait to get the room cleaned, very irritating.

Customer service at this place was out of the world everyone was super helpful and friendly. It was clean it was spacious and refreshments were great. I would definitely go back here.

Good relative value for the money.

The rooms seemed nice though i was simply visiting a business associate of mine James has always liked the Marriott over any other hotel

Friendly staff nice rooms free breakfast

I've travelled the Americas attending trade shows, as well as selling and supporting software.  I just don't sleep in hotels, even the 5- and 6-star ones.

This was different.  I left home at 4:30 am for the drive to Austin.  After the trade show and festivities, I checked into the hotel at 10:30 pm.  And I slept like a baby in his mother's arms.  The next day, well-rested and ready to face the world!

It was a very smooth and fluid experience,  cost effective and convenient stay. I would definitely room here again in the future.

It seemed like a clean hotel in a nice location

Over all this location is great. All the staff is friendly. I have stayed at this location and other Marriot near by and have yet to be disappointed.

Stayed the 1st week of April 2017 and found the hotel to be very clean and easy to get too (as long as you stay away from I-35. The noise around the hotel can be a little hard to deal with if you're a lite sleeper, people coming and going, traffic, sirens, and the general sounds of the building being next to an interstate.

The best thing about the hotel was the staff, they were very helpful and considerate and helped me greatly when my luggage didn't' arrive with me at the air port.

I spent the last 3days there and the service was excellent, rooms were clean and the staff were courteous, respectful and helpful. Meals were also good.

The hotel was very nice and clean. Staff was very friendly. 2 issues, the bed was not comfortable and the breakfast was D class. The eggs were not fresh and the coffee is burned.

Excellent!

Rooms were well cleaned, fairly good breakfast, staff was very friendly. Women at the front desk were extremely helpful, and friendly.

The staff at the front desk were great. Very helpful. Pretty much every other service provided was poor at best. The rooms were sub par also. I will not be  staying at this hotel again.

Fairfield Inn North/Austin is a great spot to spend a weekend.

It was reasonably priced and had nice suites. The room seemed very clean and was well maintained. The basic internet speed was adequate. There is an upgrade option but I didn't use it. The breakfast had a lot of variety but still it was just complimentary breakfast food. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They have a fitness room that I did not use during this stay but have done so in the past. It is a good set up with good variety, and it is convenient. The indoor pool is nice too.

Awesome staff! The breakfast that was served was satisfying​.

Hotel sits behind the other hotels, parking lot is kind of weird to get into. Rooms are small, but air conditioner blow's cold.

Best hospitality ever!

무난한 저가 비지니스 호텔. 방음이 조금 아쉽다.

Great home away on vacation

It was a great location. Right in front of a Golden Coral. Pool and reception area could be bigger. The bed was too soft

Good value for the money.  A lot of road noise in room 302

Very clean hotel. Staff was wonderful, rooms are upgraded (beds could be a little more comfortable) and the complimentary breakfast was above average. The pool and fitness center are also very clean and well managed.

The hotel was clean and the breakfast was great the only problem I had was the linen on the bed.   I seem to remember it being a better quality before but overall it was a good stay.

It was wonderful!  Staff is friendly, great amenities, good breakfast, rooms are very clean and comfortable.

It was great experience at your hotel on future trips I will stay again with you guys.

Good stay

Very clean

Overall the experience at this specific hotel was horrendous. As I checked in I specifically mentioned that I NEEDED a room with a microwave. Now this may not be a useful amenity for many but for me it is important, hence the word NEED. I arrived to my room, and noticed no microwave, I immediately called the operator. Their response was that they would get back to me, and never got a phone call. As I opened the sheets for bed I noticed a STAIN, yellow stain on the sheets. Luckily the room they had "available' even though i reserved a king bed, had two full sized bed. As I check out the next morning i mention this to what i believe was the manager, she cared less and simply shrugged me off. 
Horrible EXPERIENCE

Great hotel

Work on the noise and keeping the pool clean.

Make sure the showers are kept up to par.  Again, loved the height of the shower head, water pressure and hot water.

Keep the free bottle of water and cookies at the front desk...nice feature.

Online Mobile App check-in Experience was amazing. We had a very nice breakfast and the Members in the Front Desk were kind enough to welcome us with a late night check-in and late check-out. Thank you guys for offering us a pleasant stay.

I am here for 3-4 weeks.  This last week was not great so it is hard. Hopefully this week will be better.

Awesome people and very clean

Excellent hotel with decent fee. Good server, including breakfast and fitness room.

Nice staff and clean

Nice hotel good location

Hotel bien localizado , no es la primera vez que me quedo en este hotel y me gusta porque está cerca de la casa de mi familia.|Esta muy limpio aunque ya hay cosas que requieren cambio. El nivel de ruido en los cuartos es aceptable ( me tocó toda una noche escuchar toser a alguien del cuarto continuo pero eso no fue problema para mí) Todo el personal muy amable y atento. El desayuno es regular pero aceptable si no eres muy exigente (como yo acostumbro café y pan y cereal para mí estaba bien)|Lo único malo es que un día de los 4 que estuve ahí por alguna razón no limpiaron la habitación a pesar de que todo el día estaba sola pues yo solo iba a dormir |Sin embargo si recomiendo este hotel porque está bien localizado y la amabilidad de su personal

The stays are excellent but my opinion motels are to pricey

The rooms are clean. Good location. Missing/Broken TV remote. Super thin walls.

The stay was great.

Great hotel great price no complaints here. Wish we could have sharestayed longer.

Decent rates, good breakfast, friendly staff

We had a nice stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites ( North/Parmer Lane  ) in Austin,Tx.

Moderno, limpo e confortável. Banheiro com ótima ducha e muito espaçoso. Quarto aconchegante e com cama confortável. Café da manhã tipicamente ao estilo americano, mas com alimentos de boa qualidade e variados. Equipe de trabalho extremamente atenciosa e prestativa. O único ponto negativo é que o hotel fica próximo a uma movimentada rodovia e isto pode atrapalhar o sono.

Solid hotel. Clean, up to date. The complimentary breakfast was OK. Location is convenient.

Great place would recommend this hotel

Good service at all. Room was very clean and comfortable. Breakfast had good food.

The hotel was magnificent, the staff was so friendly I felt welcomed! This wI'll definitely be MY hotel every time I travel to Austin. Love it

The hotel was easy to find and the staff was friendly and helpful. As soon as I walked in, a second person at the front desk offered to check me in. She suggested I become a Marriott rewards member and got me signed up instantly. It was close to dinner time, so she told me that the young man who was also at the desk could recommend places if I was interested. 

The room itself was clean. No strange smells, no trash or dust. Electronic thermostat, good selection of TV channels. The king bed was extremely comfortable. 

Breakfast the next morning was great. There was fresh fruit, boiled eggs, sausage, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, bread, bagels, pastries, juice and a waffle maker. The selection was fantastic.

Fairfield Inn & Suites - Austin North is a very clean, quiet, and  well run operation of the Marriott chain. Although not centrally located downtown it is easy to access Austin itself.  The staff is Professional, Proficient, and Courteous.

Nice clean rooms

Great place.

Was there visiting a friend who had a suite. We were able to hang out in the fairly nice lobby area and talk by a fake but warm fireplace with free coffee and cookies with no bother from the staff

The staff were nice and the room was clean. The bed was VERY uncomfortable and I barely slept cause of it. I have stayed at this location before in the past and never had this happen. Hopefully they get a new bed in room 510 soon for the next guest.

Breakfast was great!  Bed was soft and room was noisy.  Room was not very clean.  Staff was great!

Everything was exceptionally great! The hotel was clean & comfortable. The staff were beyond friendly!

This hotel is quite good for the price level and location.

Staff were friendly and helpful, and all the amenities (including wifi) worked very well.

As a business-traveler I particularly like having outlets near the bed for charging phones and tablets, which are also my alarms and entertainment when I'm on the road.

Food was good. Room was clean and comfortable. All of the staff were extremely nice and helpful.

Staff are excellent and know me by name, room is always ready when I complete mobile check in.

Overall we had a very good stay. Low cost but great hotel. Will stay here again.

A Newer Hotel...Nice and Clean...Close to the downtown Austin area...!!!!!!

This was by far one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. I can't say enough about how the hotel staff went out of their way. Even housekeeping. The pool was clean and kept up. The breakfast really good and alot of selection. The room was clean, stylish and comfortable. The price was a definite reason for my stay and in my budget. Thanks Fairfield. I will be staying with you again soon.

Complimentary breakfast had an excellent variety and staff kept the area spotless

thin walls; mediocre breakfast; terrible TV/cable; odd room layout.

Wonderful facility. Clean and comfortable with a pleasant staff.

The hotel itself is fine, just need to post pet policy online for people making reservations since other locations ARE pet friendly and one would assume all locations are pet friendly.

Great Place to stay.  Friendly staff and clean hotel!

Decent room. Friendly staff. No complaints other than minor leak in bathroom

Great hotel w/ great amenities & complementary breakfast. Had a wonderful stay! 
But kindly update the hotel address to avoid inconvenience to your clients. TY

Loved the way the reception people were helping and it is so neat, clean. Just like perfect

very good hotel with great staff

The hotel was in a great area far enough out of the downtown area, but not so far traffic was an issue in the morning. the hotel had plenty of food options nearby. The room was quite and comfortable.

We were there for my husbands heart surgery, even though the rooms were cozy, & beds comfortable the doors slam so loudly. Also we could hear our neighbors talking & laughing so walls were a little thin. Really wished there was room service but for this value understood.

The stay was great! Front Desk was very curtious and effiecient!  Our group stayed for a soccer game so the whole team was there, in addition to several other teams and sports. Despite the business of the hotel, the staff was very helpful and polite. The breakfast staff was exceptionally helpful. A staff member that was preparing/cleaning the breakfast was very kind to help our girl's team with letting us use the refrigerator, to keep the sandwich trays brought from Jason's Deli cold, until needed for lunch. Rooms were clean and beds were comfortable as well.

Decent hotel - clean rooms, good front desk staff. The complimentary coffee/tea in the lobby needs to be serviced more frequently in the evening as coffee was cold and no hot water for the tea.

Nice place, friendly staff. Clean rooms. Nothing to complain about.

Nice room and facility, clean and comfortable with a courteous staff. Fitness room was small but in good operational shape

I cannot recall a hotel stay where I've been more disappointed in the hotel and the staff. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone.

This Fairfield Inn is on par if not better than most I've stayed at.  The staff was very courteous and rooms  were very clean.  The only downside for me was my room was on the Parmer Lane side of the building which allowed for a lot of road noise.  My suggestion is to request a room on the other side when you book or check in.

Stayed here 1 night for a conference. The room was very clean and quite nice. Staff was top notch and routinely offered water bottles as I walked by the front desk and even had toothpaste since I'd left mine at home. Would recommend 10/10.

perfect stay! Great staff, clean, awesome breakfast. highly recommended. Thanks!

Nice room, pleasant front desk

Very clean.  Room was very spacious.  Housekeeping was superb.  Front desk staff were awesome.  Great fitness center and great breakfast.  Would definitely stay here again.

I am working for the U.S. Military in Germany and had the opportunity to go on a business trip to Austin. The choice to stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer was a good one. The staff is very professional and helpful. My unfamiliarity of the area was easily overcome by the recommendations and the no notice internet research at he desk. The whole place is kept immaculate and in good working order. The location is convenient too. East to West on Parmer or North and South on I 35 and you are getting to where you need to go.

This is a very clean, nice hotel north of Austin but still within close distance to downtown.  Excellent breakfast.  No complaints about anything whatsoever.

Hotel staff very nice -  price paid was a premium because it was a football weekend.

We traveled to Austin to visit our son.  We found the Fairfield Parmer to be an excellent place to stay during our four nights there.  Unbeatable breakfast to start the day.  Close to highways to get you throughout the city.  The staff were all friendly professionals.  We felt age and secure coming and going, day or night.  Looking forward to our next Austin Adventure and our stay at the Fairfield Inn Parmer!

Terrific and friendly staff. Very clean room. Safe location.

Great breakfast! 
However the AC too loud and bed sink in in the middle and bed is just  a double bed not queen bed.

The hotel is conveniently located, clean, and the staff is friendly and helpful.  Nice touches like fruit infused water.  A homey atmosphere.  The rugs in the hallways need spot cleaning, but overall the hotel is clean and pleasant to spend time in.  I enjoyed the inside pool.

An amazing night to rest felt like home the restroom were pretty big. A stay for couple with the space is great

Staff are great here! Would stay again

fantastic, SUPER RELAX . THE BED IS SUPER GOOD. THANKS

My 10 year old son and I weren't sure where to stay on our way to Houston and I tapped on this Fairfield Inn on the GPS.  We walked to the restaurants across the street and had a hard time deciding what we craved. Chinese, Buffalo Wild Wings, Mexican etc. After dinner we walked over to Walmart for fun then walked back to the Inn. Very convenient. After our walk we jumped into the pool. It was clean, well kept and at just the right temperature.  I was even able to get a few miles in on the treadmill.  Great place! Clean, friendly and easy access.

This hotel is the absolute best you can possibly get for your money. I've tried other hotels in the area and this one is above and beyond. The staff is extremely helpful and the rooms are very clean. I highly recommend it!

之前出差在這裡住了一個月，房間除了乾淨外也很大，飯店人員也非常親切。美中不足的是當時每天早餐的菜色都一樣。

It was nice and pleasant experience.  We had no issues.

Great place to stay. Most of the staff is very friendly and helpful. Good location and the breakfast was really good.

Great place

Great staff! Warm and welcoming. Rooms are above satisfactory. Clean lobby and check-in was quick and stress free. Location is safe and stores and restaurants near by. See Cody if you need a corkscrew.

Great hotel. Did not stay, was visiting friends for an event. Nice room layouts, great location.

It was a great price and convenient location.

Great, clean rooms

Overnight stay was very comfortable.  From the time we arrived our accommodations were very pleasant.  very clean and relaxing environment and friendly staff.  we even had a dip in the pool.  v

Great location, comfortable and quiet rooms, excellent breakfast

I've been staying at this Fairfield Inn for over a year on a monthly basis for work. The staff are polite and helpful. Reservations and cancellations are convenient. Rooms are clean. Beds and pillows are comfortable. Breakfast has good variety. Great place for business travelers.

Enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very polite. The breakfast was great and our rooms were clean and cool. We had the double suite. Beds  are size full. Only downside was indoor pool looked dirty and unsanitary.

I have stay in at least 8 different hotels this year and this hotel was by far the best.  It is in a very good location from Downtown Austin to Round Rock Outlet to shop.  It was clean and the breakfast was great.  The staff is a pitch above the rest.  It was my birthday and they made me feel special.  As an Elite Member of Marriott, I have never experience this type of love from a hotel.

Loved the breakfast - had everything you could want.  Staff very friendly and accommodating.  Beds were a little too soft and room was a little sterile looking.  Room key didn't want to unlock the outside door without inserting it numerous time.  Overall, it is a great value!

My husband and I stayed at this hotel to visit family. It was very nice and clean. They also had hot cookies in the afternoon which was great . The front desk staff was awesome.

The staff is great! Always courteous.

The location is good, not the best but has food and some entertainment near by, was great for work since it was really close to the business park. The people at the front counter were very friendly and I got a free upgrade on my room. The lobby was well decorated and they always had water out with fruit in it. The free breakfast was actually really good with a waffle maker and breakfast tacos, cereal and yogurt. The room was very nice, spacious and modern. I would recommend the hotel for sure!

In town for soccer college and youth soccer matches and this was a central location for both. It made it easy to get to NEMP and Southwestern Univ to see all the matches...thanks

Excellent quality for the money

I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel from my arrival to my departure.  I was welcomed warmly and the staff went out of their way to make me feel like a valued guest,  The room was very clean, well appointed and comfortable.  Definitely, a nice place to rest and recuperate after a long drive.  In the morning, the  breakfast was very good and provided me with the necessary sustenance till a late lunch.  I highly recommend that you stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane.

Great  location, great staff, I would definitely stay here again when I visit Austin.

Staff was great, Room was clean, comfortable, and quiet.

Very clean and new! Price is also nice! We chose the hotel first because it provided free wifi and breakfast. It turned out to be a better value than four stars or five stars we stayed before.

Excellent staff, prompt attention.

Beds very comfortable, everything nice and clean, and staff very friendly. Great stay!

hotel is hidden and hard to get too

Clean , convenient, with very polite and helpful staff and a great breakfast assortment to please the 3 members of our family. We will be staying here on our next trip to Austin.

Our group of 3 families was extremely happy with our room and our stay. We will be staying again soon on our next trek to Austin.

My room had ants....albeit tiny ants but, they were everywhere.  Also the bathroom wasn't cleaned well enough.  The hotel staff is VERY friendly and I found them to be very accommodating but, the cleanliness of my room detracted from the guest experience.  I have decided that my taste level  has changed and it will be 4 stars or better for me and my travel from now on.

We were Group of 4 married ladies retreating away from the Hubbsters... The rooms were very nice, nice location literally minutes away from Round Rock outlets, great service, and great breakfast.
#RHODC

Friendly staff, great breakfast, and good overall experience.

Buena

We chose this hotel for the convenience of being close to all of our destinations in Austin. Staff was very professional, friendly and kind. Rooms were clean as always. Great choice!!!

I freaking loved it!!!! 🎶

Checking in and out with the app was fantastic. Everything including keys were ready when I got there. Staff was super great and the experience was very pleasant.

Clean rooms, friendly staff. What more could you want. I came here for business and will stay here again.

.los trabajadores muy cheveres y buena ubicacion .buen precio y muy comodo.Cerca tiene barton pool a 18 min y las 99 escaleras donde les espera una bella vista.se lo recomiendo a todos

We had no issues with our stay. Service was polite and complimentary breakfast never hurts

Thank you for your outstanding service!

It was clean and comfortable. I had a very nice stay here. The only thing is the pool is indoor and sometimes people get out without fully drying leaving puddles of water in the lobby/elevator.

Room nice

Great stay clean easy access

Great

Good

Great place, friendly workers, the double bed room had small beds, my only complaint is they need bigger beds

This is a very well kept property,and the location is very close to the downtown Austin,attended a concert at ACL and
worked out fine without staying near venue.Breakfast is very good with lots of variety.Pool area very nice .Fridge in room

Really nice hotel with a great breakfast buffet on site.  The room was big and clean.  The breakfast was well layer out and we'll stocked.  The waffle makers were in the shape of Texas which was cute.  They offer cold bottles of water behind the front desk for free. They also have fresh baked cookies for free on the front desk from time to time.

We have stayed in many different hotels/Inns and we usually find something wrong like the musty smell, small restrooms, breakfast are sometimes not good. But at the Fairfield Inn and Suites in Austin Texas was one of the best nights we have ever stayed in. The Inn was very clean, the staff was super, the breakfast was very good. We were treated very well and I recommend anyone visiting Austin to stay at the Fairfield Inn and Suites. It's located right off the I35 freeway. It was quiet and we really got a very good nights rest. This is the place to stay. We will continue to stay at the Fairfield Inn and Suites when we visit Austin Texas. HOOK-EM HORNS.

Exceptional Customer Service

The room was dirty and cramped. But the bathroom was huge and had a shower that could fit a football team - no, it wasn't wheelchair accessible.

Very clean lobby and room.  We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival.  Breakfast was very good and included eggs, sausage, potatoes, fruits, hot and cereals along with many breads and muffins to choose from. I was confused by the noodles and rice, but I guess it depends on what you want to eat for breakfast.  We had a great stay.

It was a good. Will stay there again

Excelente hotel a un buen precio. La estadía incluye desayuno continental y cuentan con un gimnasio y café disponible durante el día. Muy buena ubicación, cercano a restaurantes y centros comerciales. Las habitaciones y el servicio son excelentes, incluso las habitaciones más baratas.

Very clean. Very friendly and professional staff. Breakfast was awesome. Staff was extremely helpful with all of my questions of the area.

Great facility with friendly staff

Amazing experience here. My wife went with a friend and now we are totally coming back to this same hotel if we ever travel to Austin again. I highly recommend. The front office staff was always helpful and kind to them. Cody checked my wife in and he really made their stay an amazing one. The room was spacious, clean, and beautiful. The bathroom just as clean and spacious. Their breakfast was super tasty, they had breakfast tacos, bagles, TX shaped waffles, juices, fruits, cereals, muffins, yogurts, even rice and noodles!! Overall amazing experience.

Nice

Good for the price.

Clean, comfortable room, and friendly hotel staff.

I did not have a reservation, but when I saw the Fairfield Inn sign I felt assured that I would be pleased & I was.  This is the first major trip I have taken since my husband passed away some years ago.  Most of my trips since then have been to family & friends.  My family on my father's side of the family was having their very first reunion in Corpus Christi, so I took the opportunity to visit family members on the side of both my husband & myself.  I am handicapped so that does present a few problems but the staff was very helpful.  I checked in & a member of the staff went to my rented automobile & carried all me luggage & equipment into my suite.  The suite was not only lovely to view but super comfortable.  I am an avid reader & the lighting was good so I read for a while before going to bed.  The mattress was very comfortable & I slept the entire night.  When I was ready to check out the staff came to my room to carry my luggage to my car.  Everyone was friendly & helpful. If ever I return to Texas I would definitely stay at the Fairfield Inn & Suites North/Palmer in Austin.  Just an extra note, my father was born in Austin in 1907.

Great staff helped us upgrade our room for free so our toddler could have more room.

Comfy. Nice staff.

Friendly staff. Comfortable place to stay

Nice place

Good

Austin hotel rooms are in high demand, I understand.  There were little glitches, but the room was clean.  If you're looking for a bargain rate, it's not that good.  The room was small, the bathroom, too, although clean, but nothing to feel that you weren't at an inexpesnsive hotel.  The complimentary breakfast was good.

We stay here every time we come to Austin. Its in a great location, easy access to all the fun things to do in Austin. Very clean, comfortable, friendly hotel. Its starting to feel like a second home!

I feel like there could have been a few minor changes that could have totally changed the outcome of my stay at Fairfield inn..

Visiting family for a few days so booked a room at the Fairfield Inn though Southwest. Room size was a bit cozy. I thought it was supposed to be two Queen size beds bit it was 2 Full sized beds. Breakfast and indoor pool won me over. Good stay and will be sure to stay here next time I'm in town.

Loved the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane for their friendly staff, ample breakfast options and overall comfort.

Excellent facilities and helpful service!

The rooms were very nice. Definitely one of the best hotels I've been to.

My stay was great. I was hoping that the rooms felt more premier and smelled a tad better.

Very clean and modern facility.  I loved the fact I saw a lot of the hotel cleaning staff either moping down the hall downstairs or vacuuming or doing the rooms.  I like the fact it was quiet.  Great food selection with waffles and fruits offered and other buffet items. I also liked the breakfast buffet downstairs that I could
take my food upstairs to my son who didn't feel like coming down for breakfast.  Loved having the fitness center so we could work out and also that there was water available along with coffee / fruits at all times.   Nice decor in room and throughout hotel.  
Front desk was extremely courteous and friendly as well as cleaning staff!   GREAT experience!!

Excellent hotel. Staff was extremely friendly and the facilities look well kept. Rooms are very nice.

Great place to be, Excellent staff

Great room, lots of amenities, made me feel at home

This establishment met my requirements for an overnight stay very nicely. My stay was brief, clean, relaxing and an overall pleasant experience.

Very clean hotel to stay in, you would love your stay.

Great staff and clean rooms make this a solid choice if staying in the Austin area

My family came from all over the world to attend my daddys funeral. It was a sad event but your hotel provided a space for family to meet together. Everything I rated a ten truly was. The only complaint I have is the eggs at breakfast are not the real deal. But other than that everything was good. I have stayed here three times and each time was as good. Thanks for providing a space for me and my family.

It feels Great to be greeted with such Warmth and Hospitality. To come and wish each and every person at Breakfast A Good Morning, and send you off with a Have a Great Day see you soon.. Is all I need to make me want to come back..and the Appearance, Cleanliness of the Hotel is such a Comfort. I had a Great weekend...."I'll Be Back"!!!!. Thank You Guys

The hotel is very clean. Staff was very friendly and made our party feel welcomed. The breakfast spread was excellent with a great variety.

Rooms are clean and spacious. They provide fresh cookies every afternoon! Indoor pool seems okay and small; haven't used it. On-site gym. It's conveniently located on the freeway.

Home away from home while we were in the midst of remodeling our bathroom.
Everyone made our stay pleasant.

Great except for computer billing issues, was double billed with holds still on my bank account

It's what you would expect from the Marriott. Great staff, amenities and cleanliness. My only issue was with the tiny queen beds. If your hoping to comfy sharing with another person you won't be because the beds are tiny.

Great all around

Great stay overall as always

Beds uncomfortable and room not clean.

the staff is great, the property is clean, well lighted and well maintained. I will stay here again

Breakfast was amazing and clean

Good people and great service

Great hotel, clean and pleasant.

The overall stay was good but breakfast ends at 9:30am everyday. I think it should have been extended for the weekend, people like to sleep in!

The stay was comfortable and close to business locations.

My family and I had a great time. The hotel was clean the staff was friendly. My husband in the mist of making sure everyone got all their stuff went off and left his wallet in the room after we checked out. I called back to the hotel and the front desk clerk went to the room got it and had it for him when he got back to the hotel. My husband wanted to give him a tip but he wouldn't take it. The clerk stated he was just doing his job. A wonderful hotel our next stay is coming soon.

I will definitely stay at the Fairfield Hotels again. The room was cleaned and we enjoyed the complementary breakfast.

Good place to stay and nice breakfast.

This hotel had everything I needed for a 3 night business trip. Close to some good food, and right off the highway for easy travel.

Enjoyed my stay here.   Gym was small But adequate.

Everytime I passed a staff member or made eye contact, they smiled or said hello. That's important to me. Thanks for the great stay.

This is the hotel that we stay in whenever we go to Austin, which is fairly frequent. The staff is very nice, the room is always neat and comfortable, and everyone is so helpful. Great choice for a hotel stay!

Great location. The place in clean and the staff is great. Made our stay easy and conmfortable.

Rooms are really clean and service is wonderful!

Clean rooms. Great bathrooms. Wonderful free breakfast. Friendly staff. Overall it's a real win.

Staff was warm and welcoming, room was spacious and clean, and overall, it was excellent respite from the madness downtown at an affordable rate. Great!

Nice

Room was clean & comfortable.  Great Wifi.  Free breakfast was passable, but the warm foodb(eggs/bacon/sausage)  looked nasty. We've stayed here before and would come back again.

Clean. Great staff.

Very Good Stay, problem in not observed Vegetarian food

Great service and a nice breakfast. Very pleased with the quality.

Had a nice stay associated with a professional meeting.  The hotel is close to the highway, so it's a little noisier than I really like. Had a better than adequate workout facility, didn't use the pool. Gave 4 of 5 stars because my room was right by the highway and overlooked the dumpster.

Friendly staff greeted me upon check in. The staff was well trained and efficient in addition to being very polite and friendly. Room was clean. AC worked great! Bed and bedding was comfortable. Room was quiet and inviting. Staff was helpful in finding local dinning options. Breakfast was hot and tasty. Overall impression was so good that I commented to my wife what a nice experience I had and that we would need to stay here in the future. Highly recommend the Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane.

Excellent service and very clean

This place is pretty much what I am looking for on business trips. The room rates are good, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfy, and the free WiFi works well. Breakfast is simple but with enough variety to find something to eat.

Hotel is nice and friendly

The Staff is great also the Manager its always checking to see if the guest are okay, super clean, great breakfast, rooms very clean and the bed super comfy.

The staff was nice enough to open the breakfast buffet at 5:30 am for our hockey team. Thank you so much!

Great value. Not the nicest. Not the most luxurious. This place offers clean rooms with exceptional staff and free breakfast.

Very impressed! for the price I paid I was expecting much less quality of service and quality of location. The rooms were spacious enough, and very clean, including the bathroom. The staff was super friendly. During breakfast time I noticed the manager around the breakfast area making sure everyone is having a good time at breakfast and even attending to anyone's needs. He was also clearing used plates off of tables.

The breakfast was also really good! Hot eggs, sausage, potatoes, waffle machine, boiled eggs, bread, bagels, different types of spread etc..etc.. there was a LOT! Will definitely stay here when I go back to Austin.

I travel to Austin for work and pleasure numerous times during the year, and always stay at one of the Marriott Properties around the I-35 & Parmer area. This group of properties are always well maintained and the staff's are always going the extra mile to insure that your stay is pleasant. Very clean and well maintained. This group of properties are convenient to I-35, The Domain, as well as other areas I like to Dine, and shop. I would highly recommend any of the Marriott location in this area.

Keep up the great Job, we enjoyed every minute of it.
Thanks Again.

Excellent choice for a quick short term stay. Beds are very comfortable and clean. Service across the board is the best part of it. Location was very near shopping areas and comercial center. A total relaxed atmosphere.

Excellent rooms and service. Competitive rates. Free WiFi and complementary breakfast. This will be my hotel of choice for any future visits to the north Austin area.

This hotel is in a location very convenient to all the specific places I need to go in the North Austin area.

Convenient to shopping and dining in Pflugerville/Round Rock. We've stayed here numerous times. The service and amenities are good, they have an indoor pool and fitness center. May be getting time to get new pillows and mattresses. Overall a good deal for the price and saw a lot of families staying here.

There are many hotels to choose from in this area. We have have stayed at them all at one time or another over the past two years. The stay at Fairfield was the best deal, both in cleanliness, friendliness, and amenities. The cost for this visit was the least expensive. I looked forward to returning to the room at night. Clean bathroom and nothing leaked. Great stay.

The Hotel was great. Me and my family had a wonderful time staying in the hotel. Point of Interest are close by. Staff was nice and attentive with their service.

The stay was very relaxing. Beds were very comfortable, room nicely decorated and very peaceful. Close to shopping and hospital visits. The wait staff in the breakfast area were very helpful. Great place to stay! We will definitely be returning customers.

Could not get an answer at the front desk. Probably because not fully staffed. I stayed for business and not so much pleasure. Took approximately 3 hrs before front desk answered the call.

Took great care of a group. Nice breakfasts, friendly staff, great access to Parmer and I-35. Comfortable, if Spartan, rooms. Very clean.

Room couldn't be better. Comfy bed, hot shower. The staff is excellent. Wonderful breakfast.

This place was immaculate and the service was fantastic. Food at breakfast wasn't superb, but the hospitality and service was.

Hotel was clean and up to date design. Rooms were comfortable and clean. Staff were helpful, friendly and professional. The breakfast was hot and a variety of food for any appetite.

Enjoyed our stay. Breakfast was great. Customer service good

This is a great place to stay near all of the best of what Austin has to offer. Friendly staff, comfortable rooms, you can't go wrong here.

I came to this hotel for a short, spontaneous weekend trip. I chose this hotel because, although I was planning to spend most of my time in downtown Austin, it was a short drive and twenty dollars cheaper per night. The staff was so friendly and so helpful, the complimentary breakfast was delicious and included breakfast burritos. I've stayed here twice now, and I have nothing bad to say about either trip. I love it here!

They are always polite and professional.  The rooms are clean and have the expected amenities.  The breakfast is great,  including both continental and some international items.

Nice time. Had to visit someone in the hospital. Nice secure location to get back to after a long time in hospital. Friendly staff.

Great place to stay! Very clean & affordable!

Mostly good. But need clean up near bed lamp. Spider line in there. And good for korean breakfast.

If you're looking for a Hotel for a family trip to Austin there are better options. You can actually hear the noise from the Highway, beds were not comfortable and breakfast is served in disposable plates . It is also pretty far from downtown , where afterwards we found better rates at same standards hotels . Definitely not recommended

Loved my stay with you all.

EXCELLENT STAY, STAFF WAS GOOD AND OVERALL STAY WAS GOOD.

I really have no negative comments in regard to this Inn. The only minor "con" is the location but only if you have need to travel downtown.
It is otherwise an excellent facility that I will visit again.

The most accommodating staff and friendliest check in.

Location is nice. Rooms are nice size for the price. Excellent service. Definitely recommend

Great team ! Everyone was very friendly & made our Relo trip a smooth stay.

This would be my first choice in picking a place to stay in Austin

I stayed at the Fairfield Inn for business in November 2015. I was pleasantly surprised at the amenities offered. Breakfast included hot items, such as eggs and sausage, and had an internationally diverse menu. The fitness room was well stocked with towels, water, and wipes to clean equipment. Staff were incredibly friendly and courteous; they even offered to help me find places to order delivery food, which was much appreciated due to my busy schedule. It is not a 5 star hotel, but for business it was an excellent stay and I felt secure the entire time. As a single, female traveler, that is important. It is also in a great location, next to I35, and made commuting a breeze. If you want to be outside the hustle and bustle of Austin but still within a reasonable distance to the city, I highly recommend the Fairfield Inn & Suites!

A quiet room was request and I was told that it was being provided. It wasn't and I was too loaded down with baggage and tired to complain when I saw the room on Parmer Avenue where the traffic was disturbing.

The front desk service I received at this hotel was the best I have ever had, and I travel more than 30 times per year for business. The room was comfortable with plenty of task and ambient lighting, a mini-fridge, a spacious modern bathroom, and plenty of space to rest and work. The only minus for me was the lack of a bathtub in the King room. The complimentary hotel breakfast was excellent, and the breakfast area was very well maintained even during peak service times.

clean room, convenientlocation, nice staff, close to a walking park

This is a good place to stay for business purposes. The room was comfortable and the breakfast was good.

nice Hotel... good Location

Booked a different hotel and cancelled before the first night was over. Drove up the road to Fairfield Marriott and they saved the day. Checked us in immediately and made our stay pleasant and memorable.

Staff here is exceptional, and the pool area is very nice. I would definitely stay there again.

The Fairfield at Parmer is fine...nothing necessarily wrong. It sits right on intersection of Parmer and 35, so it is not scenic, quiet or picturesque. It is a place to spend the night. It is basic and clean, and usually a good value. It is nothing to write home about. Breakfast is good, and internet works fine.

great staff, great value, beautiful suites!

Rooms were clean, staff were extremely friendly. Will stay there again.

Cleanest Hotel I have ever stayed at!! Excellent!

Great stay, best breakfast, and wonderful staff!

Ashley, and the rest of the crew made us feel welcomed, and looked after our every need.

We stayed 5 nights, and would highly recommend this property!

Nice, Clean, Great breakfast. Felt safe. Will definitely go back.

My stay was excellent, clean rooms, fresh breakfast

Sleepless because of the noise next door......

front desk was a great help. Staff is doing great job.

Awesome Excellent we had the time of our life.

Staff was excellent and very helpful...I had numerous requests due to a last minute business trip and they were always there to lend a helping hand. It was simply a pleasure to stay there and have such accommodating service!

Excellent stay for me and my husband's anniversary trip!

This hotel is going to be added to my favorites list. I usually stay in Round Rock, Texas a little further north at a Springhill Suites, but this hotel has proven itself worthy of my business. I was met by enthusiastic staff when checking in, and they provided excellent service to me during my stay.

I will be back!!

I recommend this hotel!! Excellent Stay!!!

It was an excellent place and area no place to sit out side but other then that is was good.

The air conditioner was broken in my room. It was terribly loud and kept me up all night. I didn't have time to deal with it because I had an important meeting at work. Came home from work to change my room to find that the hotel was booked. I waited online for (literally) 20 minutes while two people checked in. I said then I need someone to fix the ac so I could sleep tonight. Lillian at the front desk said she had to call her manager. I told her to call. Then she said she needed to check the people behind me in. There were 6 people behind me. I did not have an hour to wait. This was a phonecall. Why are people working in hotel reception when they have no people skills? I'm literally crying in my hotel room because I don't have a quiet place to sleep, and I wish I never booked here.

Great price, wonderful location, amazing customer service! I will definitely stay here again. Thank you all!

I give a 3.  Pros - room was very nice and clean.  Smelled fresh.  Breakfast was great everyday,  the lady monitoring the breakfast area was awesome.  Cons - indoor pool heater was not working, pool was like 60 degrees freezing!!  We were told they've been trying to get it fixed and they couldn't figure it out??  This was a main reason we chose this hotel.  The breakfast area was also pretty small.  Friday, Saturday and Sunday there was no place to sit.  Also, you can hear a lot of road noise in your room.
Would I stay again?  Maybe.  The price was great and cleanliness was good.  However,  I probably would chose a different Marriott location.

We arrived here late afternoon. I was welcomed with a nice cold water bottle and check in was very fast. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very clean, and the rooms are quite comfortable. Afternoon. I was welcomed with a nice cold water bottle and check in was very fast. The staff is friendly, the hotel is very clean, and the rooms are quite Breakfast was included, and it had a variety of hot and cold items, even noodles and white rice on the menu! They take care of the diverse guest population, and are always friendly and respectful of other cultures. I will definitely stay here again if I am in the area.

I stay in Marriott all the time and this was the most uncomfortable bed ever! Pillows were hard, mattress was just the worst.

Always receive excellent service from the staff. Room is perfect along with the location for my needs.

The hotel in general was very pleasant. The front desk receptionists" Koddy " was very cordial and did a fantastic job at making our stay very comfortable. Most polite receptionist I have met!

After a long day at a conference, it was nice to find a comfortable room to relax. Friendly Staff. Highly recommend.

I rate this as stars hotel. I would visit here again if I am ever in town.!

love the decor and clean room. jacob at the front desk was great. Thanks stay here quite often.

bad reservations...no email confirmation and was not even in the system. could not make changes

I had an excellent stay at this hotel it was very clean and the staff was very friendly

Da place to be (stay)!

The room was great. All the staff was great. The traffic noise from Parmer Lane was horrible! If you stay here get a room opposite of Parmer Lane.

only one thing to improve and the rating for everything will be Excellent. that is the loud noise the pipes make

Very good service throughout my stay.

My major criteria for choosing this hotel was its indoor pool. It turned out that indoor pool was icy cold and absolutely not usable. I encountered double-booking issue with my room reservation. Even though I called the hotel in advance to notify them I'm going to be later than expected due to heavy rain and dangerous driving conditions, once I came to hotel my reservation was already taken. Hotel's personnel suggested me to find other hotel, in 4 am with three little kids in a car! finally, my family was accommodated in this hotel, but room was much smaller than I originally reserved, and absolutely not suitable for the big family. No attempts to transfer us to other room were made (we were staying for two nights).

Staff was awesome after having problems with resetvatiom

It was not bad, it was just OK

I very much appreciate how clean the suites are.

The beds were neither queen or full. They seemed liked 3/4. A little small for room to be comfortable.

Excellent hotel throughout for business trip

Fix the lack of handicapped parking and rearrange the king suite to maximize space since making it larger is impossible.
All employees exceptionally helpful, courteous and efficient.

Enjoyed the stay at 'Fairfield Inn & Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane'... the facilities were modern and well kept. The staff was professional, well versed and responsive in their job. It would be easy to do worse in accomodations.

Excellent hotel. Staff were very helpful and the rooms are exceptionally clean.

Great service and the location isn't that bad. The rooms had a nice size microwave and refrigerator in them but lacked any USB outlets, so make sure you bring your wall charger. The rooms are well decorated and so is the hotel. The politeness of the employees' is a pleasant surprise and well received.

Overall nice,clean, attentive staff and good location.

The Fairfield Inn and Suites at Palmer Lane in Austin is a quality hotel. You will not find a more professional, friendly, courteous, and welcoming front desk staff anywhere.

The location is convenient to any locale in this part of Austin the access to IH35 is easy in spite of the heavy traffic. The hotel also has easy access to a park-and-ride that offers transportation to any Austin location.

And in spite of the heavy traffic from both IH35 and Palmer Lane the rooms are quiet and offer a peaceful night's sleep.

The breakfast is excellent and offers a wide variety of breadfast foods to fit any taste/diet. The location is also convenient to several national health clubs. Although modest, the hotel also offers a clean and well-maintained workout room.

This hotel suited our needs in that it was close to our family's home and an event we were attending. We've stayed here many times and found it satisfactory. Unfortunately, this time, the mattress on our bed was terrible. Too soft, bouncy, lumpy, etc. We awoke with backaches each morning. Also, this is the highest price per room that we have ever paid at this hotel. That's too bad. It's location is perfect for our needs.

Cody provided amazing service and a memorable experience. Clean rooms, very comfortable beds/pillows, and A/C worked well which can be hard to find. Breakfast was great, and there's ALWAYS coffee!

Convenient location, clean rooms and friendly staff. ...what more can you want! I just stay for 5 nights and felt very welcomed by the staff, and very comfortable in the king room. Breakfast was complete and the area very well kept. I would not hesitate to book this hotel in the future and recommend it to my friends.

This is a great Fairfiled Inn & Suites! Nice staff, great breakfast, and quiet room! Highly recommend!

オースティンダウンダウンから、車で20分くらいとちょっと遠いいです。||ただ、施設は、なんでも揃っており、ジム、ちょっと小さいプールなどあります。||朝食、あまり期待しないように。

This hotel has excellent service.

This is a great hotel - very helpful and friendly staff and nice decor and amenities

Great hotel & friendly staff

Would stay again !!! Very professional staff. Nice and clean hotel. Had hard time finding the address.

Good stay. I will go back.

Our family of four stayed here two nights. We enjoyed the friendly staff, comfortable beds, hot breakfast, and the salt water pool.

Wonderful hotel, only real minus was lack of hot tub and shower only in room

Excellent staff!  Always pleasant and friendly.  Great hotel.

This hotel was very clean and with a wonderful staff.

I love Marriott hotels, I think they are the best but sometimes they could be a little pricy compare to others but overall they are great

Staff excellent, breakfast excellent, elevator issues in two of three stays. Internet slow, fitness center good but could use complimentary headphones. Sofa bed needs help. Would stay again.

I stayed for 2 weeks and was very pleased with my experience. I would highly recommend. Staff always friendly and helpful. Hotel extremely clean.

Very good location right on I-35. Close to just about everything.

Fairfield Inn and Suites is conveniently located to Pearson, Dell, and other major employers. It's easy to get on/off IH35 onto major thoroughfares. It is located within a stone's throw of 4 other hotels. I've stayed at all four and always choose Fairfield Inn and Suites whenever I can.

While the other hotels have some friendly staff, every employee/associate at Fairfield Inn and Suites is friendly and go out of their way if necessary to be helpful. I've stayed at this hotel over 20 times during 2014 and never had a single complaint.

Their breakfast is more than just continental style fare. There is a full hot breakfast in a warm inviting atmosphere with very efficient and helpful kitchen staff. Be sure to take advantage of the warm delicious cookies made available in early evening and then work off those extra calories in the well equipped workout room or swim a few laps in the privacy of their clean indoor pool.

During winter I always enjoy reading the complementary newspapers in the lounge by the fireplace and often take advantage of the well equipped business center as needed. The rooms are well appointed, clean, and comfortable. For the price this hotel is one of the very best.

The Marriott staff made my stay comfortable. They are definitely an asset to the company. They care about their clients.

Excellent choise we made for our short stay,

We were told by a member of staff that we didn't have a reservation, so we stayed elsewhere and thus were surprised to later discover a charge on our credit card.  A call of inquiry resulted in a message left with the manager, which was never returned after 10 days.  During a further call, we were again told that the hotel took no responsibility.  Furthermore, the manager refused to even speak with us.  Despite having stayed at this hotel in the past, and returning regularly to this area, we will never stay at this hotel again.  The unwillingness of the manager to even speak with us is inexcusable.

Wonderful stay. Rooms clean and nice. Bed comfy and large. Hot and cold breakfast. Would stay again.

I stay at Fairfield Inn everywhere I travel. Everytime I have had a complaint Marriott has fixed the problem. The substandard condition of my room is the product of staff and management falling into a routine. Standard Marriott response is to fix the issue as they always very professionally have done. I will return to Fairfield Inn.

It was a great place I had no issues at all. I don't consider this an issue however limited tables in dinning area. Great place to stay when visiting family.

My husband and I stay at a lot of Marriots in Austin, Texas. This was our first time staying at the Fairfield Inn & Suites on Parmer Lane. This hotel is excellent. I might even say it is better than the Courtyard that is located near it. The staff makes the hotel. I mean the rooms, the decor, and the amenities are nice. BUT the staff is soo friendly and helpful, I would go back just because they seemed like they really cared about the people staying there. It was Christmas and they could have chose to be grumpy because they had to work and deal with my family hosting and event in their meeting rooms, but they were super sweet and friendly. I cannot say enough about this hotel. We will keep coming back.

This hotel was a great place to stay for Christmas and visiting family. The rate was excellent and the hotel is in an excellent and safe location, very well lit for security purposes. We would definitely stay again!

Hotel was great other than the bed killed our backs, we left early on second nite.

I stayed in room 533 when I overnight-ed in Austin and I enjoyed the room immensely. The room was cozy and clean with a little living area with a small couch (that didn't sink when you sat in it), a TV, desk and radio that had a charger on it for my iPhone. Use of their Wi-Fi was great and easy to sync to because they didn't require a password to connect. Plenty of electrical sockets to plug in any and all electrical devices. Restroom was very clean and roomy. Fridge available to store my leftover dinner and the microwave was convenient for the late night popcorn snack. Location of the hotel is within easy distance of HEB and Walmart should you need any last minute essentials that they don't carry in their little in-house "store". Overall stay was great and I plan to stay again soon.

This place is very nice and comfortable while my wife and I stayed there for a weekend. There were no unnecessary things in the room and public areas that the price of our stay feels fully valued. The room, bed and bathroom are clean. The breakfast is just right stuffed. I will definitely recommend this place to friends.

It was excellent, we had a good experience and enjoyed our time with family at an affordable rate.

This hotel was very clean. The staff was very cordial. It is conveniently located by TCEQ.

Everything was awesome! Super clean, modErnest and spacious rooms. Staff super friendly and helpful.

Great week with the property. Thanks to the staff who made it so. My family and I will stay here again for future visits!

I really had a good experience! Would highly recommend staying here.

Great place to stay at a reasonable price.

Great place to stay - the entire staff is friendly and has intergrity that is impeccable!

After finally finding the hotel (freeways from Airport are poorly marked) my stay at Fairfield was excellent

We reserved a group of rooms for our wedding guests. The rooms were available on time and very. The complimentary breakfast was delicious. We had a wonderful stay.

Room was clean and very comfortable. Staff was very courteous and attentive to requests. A very pleasant stay. Would book again.

You should send a representative to sty at each of the three Marriott properties on this one property. They need updating and CLEANING.

Staying at the Fairfield offers the opportunity to be away from the hustle and bustle of the downtown Austin area, while offering several fine dining experiences in the "Locals" areas. Where the food is genuine and the people are friendly. The hotel offers all the standard amenities, and the rooms are clean, well maintained and perfect for that short or long term stay. While the hotel is a bit out of the downtown area, you now have the piece and quite you may be looking for, away from the traffic and the stress that comes with downtown living. Close to Walnut Creek Park and a Wal-Mart just down the street, you have access to all the things you and your family may need during your stay.
The Front Office Staff are the most professional I have encountered in my many business travels, making your stay like a home away from home. Say Hello to Kevin, Kim, Jennifer, or Daniel as you check in. They have made my stay relaxing and enjoyable.
The breakfast is always on time with plenty of stock to choose from. Even has a twist of Asian to assist those who want something other than Waffles and Scrambled eggs. Close to Dell, Samsung and other high tech industries, and short drive to downtown, (11miles) About thirty mins or less depending on traffic. Shopping close by and a Fry's straight down Parmer Lane. Enjoy your stay and Austin.

I had a great stay while I studied for an exam. The room and amenities were perfect for what I needed to accomplish.

A classificação de duas estrelas eh pouco para este hotel, assim como no Marriot, os quartos são confortáveis, limpos, cama macia. Fica um pouco afastado do centro da cidade. |A recepcao tem atendimento rápido e eficiente .|Tem piscina coberta, e bom cafe da manha. Um cafe americano com hamburgers, ovos e muito mais.|custo beneficio muito bom, recomendo

Everything was great except for the thin walls and noisy neighbors. Excellent breakfast, comfortable bed, clean room, and easy access to the I-35.

Great! I loved the breakfast and service.

Modern... clean... comfortable!

After staying in this hotel, i found a cockroach in my carry on.

Ac wasn't working. Couldn't turned it off and got sick the following day whit the cold.

Great staff and nice quick hot breakfast

Fairfield never disappoints. Best value. Warm cookies are always a great touch.

The staff was friendly and informative. Jen at the front desk made recommendations that were all excellent. We received recommendations from friends, but they weren't as good.

Hotel staff was extremely friendly!! Hotel was clean and well maintained for the most part (dirty carpet in hallway). Room was much smaller than expected. Would not recommend for an extended stay if you planned to spend time in the room. Great breakfast in the morning.

I traveled to Austin for work and everything at the Fairfield Inn & Suites went very smoothly. Check-in was fast, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and the free shuttle was able to take me to work each morning. Great experience and I will stay here again next time I'm working from the Austin office.

Please see my comments earlier in the review.

Clean, views are great, quick access to freeways, within reach of food places and grocery store. Loved it.

While my travel agent booked me incorrectly, the staff at Fairfield Inn corrected the problem immediately with no additional hassle. They were informative about the area and helpful in many small ways. I was made to feel welcome at all times. The conference room was convenient, clean and well supplied for our needs. I would stay here again any time that I am in the Austin area.

Clean and friendly service.

Our family was very impressed with the excellent customer service. From the gentleman that checked us in to the breakfast attendant everyone was very friendly and helpful. Would stay here again!

Exceptional service and I truly enjoyed my overall experience.

Moderno, novo, com Cafe da manha incluído no valor da diária e de ótima qualidade. Os Quartos sao de bom tamanho, tvs novas, atendimento super educado e prestativo, além cê ser um hotel limpo e bem funcional.

Place was really nice great rate will stay again and an awesome breakfast.

The hotel was clean and well maintained. The free wifi was a huge plus for me and the speed was very good. For a free breakfast, I felt that there was a good selection: waffle maker, toast- bagel, scrambled & boiled eggs, sausage, variety of cereals, juice, yogurt, fresh fruit and of course coffee. The breakfast area was well stocked-never saw any item run out. The attendant checked on guests regularly.

I rated the dining average because of the lack of restaurants nearby.

Clean hotel. Friendly staff.

Best experience at a hotel that I have ever had. Staff is very friendly and made my stay amazing!

The fairfield provided me with a great sleep environment, caring staff and a home away from home. Rooms are clean, decor is excellent and you can't leave without a healthy meal to start your day. Would stay here again!

COMFORTABLE STAY WITH COURTEOUS STAFF

Overall I enjoyed my stay. The staff were very pleasant and helpful and the location was perfect. I was staying for business and also house hunting and the central location with easy access to freeways and major arteries made this the perfect base of operations for all of my activities. The breakfast was excellent, the room was clean and comfortable and the fitness center was adequate with running and elliptical machines as well as a reasonable array of dumb bells. While the dining options in the hotel itself were limited there were lots of nearby restaurants and delivery options. I had a very good experience and would recommend this hotel to others visiting the area. Perfect for the business traveler with some nice touches catering to Asian business travelers in particular.

My husband and I really had a couples best quick getaway for the beginning of the  week. This place was private and quiet. The front desk had awesome customer service, always smiling and went out of their way to get anything i needed. The loyal customers that come in on regular was super generous and friendly (got to chat with some). The time we spent was so beautiful here..reasons why? The indoor pool was clean and peaceful. The gym was also. The room was quiet, clean, 2nd floor, had all its contents. AND! room service did not speak much english but did a great job in cleaning and caring for the rooms thoroughly. Walk in shower-awesome, bed 0 thumbs down we hated the worst ever at the price we spent on this room else where we have received better with pillow tops this was a springy mess, pillows were soft our bed at home is a top notch lovely soft we hated the bed they provided, breakfast awesome even for vegans, a special secret give away there is a private trail walk soooooooooo romantic Mr Duck might greet you to great for a walk and bird watch.

I am always super critical of hotels so for me to give a 5/5 review of a property is very rare, but this property really earned all 5. I didn't make any weird requests just a normal stay with early check in and it was accommodated even though it was 11a when I arrived, needless to say I was grateful. All Staff was gracious and courteous and full of smiles. This property was a great value for the money.

This place is ok.  It's safe and all that but it seems like the property is a little older and its pretty hit or miss if you want a fridge. Don't even try to get a microwave in your room because they only have a couple of them.

excelente lugar para descanzar y tener acceso a wifi estable siempre

Das Hotel liegt an der Interstate 35 (Exit 245) und ist somit leicht zu finden. Trotz der Nähe zur Interstate ist es im Zimmer relativ leise. Das Hotel wirkt relativ neu, entsprechend sind Zimmer und Lobby im neuen sehr modernen und hochwertigen Fairfield Design gestaltet. Wer auf Kühlschrank und Mikrowelle keinen Wert legt wird sich hier wohlfühlen. In der näheren Umgebung gibt es viele Essensmöglichkeiten und einen Wallmart. Wir waren auf der anderen Seite der I-35 im Golden Wok, den wir sehr empfehlen können. Hier wird auf Wunsch alles frisch vor den Augen des Gastes zubereitet.

El Hotel parece recien remodelado. De un gusto excelente. El trato del personal incomparable, sin embargo queda un poco retirado de Austin centro. Cerca de algunos centros comerciales, y muchos restaurantes. Es un hotel tipo carretera.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ All around wonderful experience. The hotel was nice and clean. 10 out of 10. The staff, ALL OF THEM, were friendly and helpful. There was someone different every shift at the front desk and I was always greeted with a smile and and friendly "hello". Kevin was very helpful with internet connections. The housekeeping supervisor...thank you for your care and concern and taking a few minutes to speak with me. Christian was extremely helpful with room reservations and changes and helped us with a difficult situation.  This is the place I choose from now on when returning to Austin.

I travel about 30 weeks out of the year and hit many small towns so I usually book Courtyards they are normally very consistent and with my Bonvoy status I enjoy room upgrades and other perks, like a late check out.  I have never had to ask for these before in any other hotel. I usually have a busy Friday or conference calls until 1 or 2 and have always stayed in the room on Wifi to take these virtual meetings.  Today during one of my calls house keeping ignored the do not disturb hanging on my door around 12 noon and interrupted my call, then the front desk called and told me I had a 12 noon check out, I explained I had a 4pm due to my Bonvoy status and was told I had to request this at check in.  Again I have always used this benefit of my status with Bonvoy and never had to request it.  Status does not matter at this Courtyard location nor does a do not disturb message on the door.  Will never stay at this location again, I will stay at the Domain location going forward, its more money but they appreciate their Bonvoy loyalty members.

Honestly, the service at this hotel is 10/10 !  I absolutely loved Christian’s customer service skills, and I think the entire staff went above and beyond.  I will stay here again when I’m visiting Austin.

Hotel is dirty and the service of the staff is very disappointed.
Avoid this hotel

I booked a day before,  when I arrived they said they didn't have a room for me.  Waited 2 hours for a refund.  Just a  horrible experience

Upon my arrival at the Courtyard by Marriott Austin Parmer/Tech Ridge, I was warmly greeted by Yarely and Michelle. Both were incredibly professional, welcoming me with genuine smiles and a positive, friendly attitude. Without hesitation, they made sure I was aware that dinner was available after I had checked in and gotten settled.

I was truly delighted by the level of hospitality shown and felt that my business was genuinely appreciated from the moment I arrived. The warm and attentive greeting set a positive tone for my stay. I would absolutely recommend this establishment to others and look forward to staying here again in the future.

An ok hotel for a night or two. Nice staff.  Good space in the room but carpets could have been cleaner.  Also,  there is no place to put a bar of soap in the shower! I had to balance the soap on top of the shampoo pump.  LOL. The remodeling clearly lacked thoughtfulness.

Hotel is located right off the highway, a bit annoying due to the construction and highway. The room was tidy. Disappointed that they didn't offer free continental breakfast and prices for meals/snacks are high.
In room: no bottle of water, no slippers and no bathrobe after shower. The cost of one bed room was 110$.
The walls are very thin: can hear coughing neighbours and slamming doors half night.

This is an easy find. Friendly staff. Goodnight rest and stay hotel. Harassed by stalker at this location and on the night I checked in

It's okay.  Nice there's no parking fee but ask to not be in a room with an adjoining door because if your neighbor starts yelling at 6am, you'll hear it like it's in your room... no alarm needed.    Also,  they don't clean the lobby bathroom very often and it was out of everything for almost 2 days.   Nice people working here but a bit left to be desired throughout the property/experience to increase the rating.

I'm usually not impressed with Courtyard or Marriot but I was tired and decided here for good rates. Christian made the 2 day stay more than memorable and assisted in all needs, same room for an unexpected second night and even helped me with ice and water on my way out the door for another day of traveling. Badass to see someone that actually helps amd enjoys what they do.

Decent hotel for the price, great customer service and location is close to highway, bathroom was bit dated.

The rooms are quite old and not cleaned daily. They are also quite small. There is no complimentary breakfast. The gym is inadequate. You get what you pay for, so do not rely solely on the Marriott brand name. The staff is friendly and helpful. The Starbucks barista is excellent, and breakfast is available for purchase and is delicious.

Stayed 4 nights for work trip.
Convenient location foe Parmer Tech park area.

This hotel honestly made my weekend for my SIL's wedding very convenient and the staff are super accommodating! I really want to give a shout out to Christian for truly helping me, my husband and brother in law's hotel in order especially for the quick mattress change.

I believe if you are kind to the staff, they will be kind towards you as well and will help out whatever they can which honestly makes a huge difference to our experience. Granted there are some things in the room itself are slightly outdated and broken (our guest bathroom door is difficult to close and the handle is tilted sideways, our bedroom tv cannot turn off lol, and the rollaway bed mattress had some concerns) - but I do not want to point any fault to the staff because they are truly awesome. Seriously, thank you everyone.

As for the location, you can't beat the area itself. We are only 20 min from downtown austin, 15 min away from round rock where my SIL, and only 25 min away from the venue at Manor! I even found some hidden food gems around the area which is a huge plus because I love food lol.

Overall, this area is a great place and I think you'll enjoy your stay. I will say the hotel should check some rooms because some might have concerns that may need attention such as the examples mentioned above. Thank you guys for having us!

You’d think Hilton-Marriott brand hotels could still provide courtesy continental breakfast, yet corporations want to increase their profitability and the earnings for their shareholders so want to nickle and dime consumers as much as possible

Good place

Kevin at the front desk is highly personable and dependable, always going above and beyond to ensure everything is running smoothly

I rarely take the time to write a second review on the same business trip, but I would be remiss if I did not give this hotel another shoutout for excellent service. After check out, my flight was cancelled due to inclement weather, and I did not want to sleep on the terminal floor at ATX. I returned to Courtyard to work on a new travel itinerary unannounced and without a reservation, and was welcomed back and provided a lobby, WiFi, and resources to plan my next step. The Courtyard had rooms available, so the extra night was a given, but they allowed me to turn their clean and large lobby into my personal business center as I tracked the rest of my team safely to their destinations, and then plan my own itinerary for a surprise extra night in the ATX. I want to personally acknowledge Ty and Jared for never making me feel like a burden that would not go away, and for taking an interest in my safety and comfort. To Ty and Jared... thank you so much for being the warm and helpful people you are. I cannot wait to see y'all again on my next trip....

Staff is always super friendly whenever I come in especially the housekeeping manager and front desk agent Christian.

Hotel is fine.

Water was shut off with no heads up besides a flier near the elevator, not even notified by the staff when checking in right as the water was to be shut off. The shower did not work for a full 2 days during my stay, and when I asked when the water would be fully on line (we all need to shower!) the staff seemed bothered that I would even inquire about the water.

Room was only partially serviced, towels were restocked but bed was not made.

Great one night Stay, in Austin.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Amazing experience with this hotel. I stay close to a 100 nights a year at hotels and this was by far the best.  Anthony too great care of my whole team when we stayed here.

Super great experience (like never seen elsewhere)! This review is based on my 6 months of stay in this place.
To say that the overall credit, beside the specific departments & names below, is first driven by management (mr ElSalvador) with example of ms Ty, front desk manager, who really leads by example, going the extra mile of caring, friendliness and prompt help in any detail, showing extra kindness, patience, positive spirit and amazing vibe, following-up any request promptly (even calling another hotel in other city after I left this hotel to help me upgrade my room there, very impressive).
Similarly the rest of her staff is going the extra mile with impressive work to accomdate every request, starting with the exceptional front desk team of Christian, Jared, showing extra professionalism, amazing patience, friendliness, politeness, positivity, care and also being very prompt.
Even the bistro team, who adds an outstanding positivity and charisma to the hotel, Michael and Nick (all being extra skillful bartenders with a uniquely amazing Margarita recipe, while the food quality & taste is deliciously "addictive"), thus giving the vibe of a family.
The housekeeping crew, manager Julia and her staff, is going the extra mile with very personalized and caring service, all doing an outstanding work I never saw before in any hotel in the US or internationally (and I traveled a lot), the rooms look like "out of the factory" every day. Each room's spiff cleaning is thoroughly post-checked daily by housekeeping manager Julia who does an excellent job!
Regarding the rooms, that are sprayed with an unique "island breeze type" air freshner, have very new and modern furniture, including the beds, sheets, fresh sheet covers.
Maintenance / eng team also does a very prompt job right away if called. The hotel atmosphere is very warm and feels like a vacation (lobby with the bistro crowd, kids playing in the indoor pool until 11 pm on the weekend).
The view from top floors is great.
The parking and surroundings are very safe, two security cars are running around almost every few minutes all night long.
At second floor there is an amazing laundry room for guests, with ultra-modern washers/dryers, WiFi credit card avail, various options (extra wash), all the laundry room being also super clean (open 24/7).
I strongly recommend this place!

Nice place and location near the lake

I actually got a really good night's sleep here even though it's right next to the I-35. Sadly the presence of a restaurant means you don't get 24/7 free coffee or complimentary breakfast, earning -2 Stars.

Told me breakfast included and at the morning they ask for money

During my recent stay, my room unfortunately had several issues that affected the experience. The TV signal kept cutting in and out, the shower doors didn’t close fully which caused water leakage, and there was a noticeable unpleasant smell in the room. The walls also seemed very thin, so I could hear a lot of noise from the guest next door. I chose Marriott for comfort and consistency, so I was disappointed that this stay didn’t reflect the usual standards.

Excellent last minute stay at this location. Great service from the staff as well, especially Anthony Wise going above and beyond. He maintains aa positive, friendly energy  and ensures the guests have what they need forr their stay.

Good place food is very good. Prep in the hotel and fresh

Positive: "" Negative: ""

Checking in was ridiculous. The young lady was sitting in lobby chatting with a male who looked to be her friend as I was standing at the door for awhile until security came and let me in. She seemed a bit irritated. I called to let the hotel know my plane was delayed and I would be checking in after 1am. Initially she couldn't find my reservation  she stated my sir name was listed as my first name,I am exhausted just wanted rest. She made me feel like I was interrupting her and her friend. Maybe not having friends sitting with you on your job  might be a great start. Very unprofessional. The young man in the morning was very helpful maybe he can train her.

It was a nice stay but housekeeping was lackluster. Yet, the beacon of light was the overnight front desk guy named Anthony Wise. He went above and beyond.  If it wasn't for him we would have stayed in filth but Anthony took care of us. Thank you Anthony for making my stay comfortable and pleasant.

Great location and friendly staff

We stayed here one night and it was a okay hotel. 1. People and service are good (letting me check in even if reservation was on my husband’s name instead of making me wait in lobby for 30 mins and let us check out at 1pm instead of 11 am)
2. Hotel itself is rundown and just reminds 1990
3. The weird part is the breakfast .. never seen anything like this before. There is ‘complementary’ very sad looking breakfast with minimal effort and right next to it is paid cafe. Designed to “force” you to buy at cafe or feel bad.
Coffee ran out, they removed the pot before 9pm, basic stuff like table cloth was missing from breakfast setup. All the servers at the cafe were very pleasant though.

Very friendly and professional front desk staff! Also enjoyed having healthy snack options!

Wish the curtains were full black out but they were pretty good.

I will never try to stay at this hotel again. We had a busy action pack day with no time to spare planned for a concert that we drove down from north Fort Worth for. When we walked in the man behind the desk was busy with some task and when he finally got to us he let us know that they have been booked all day and that we would not be able to stay at this location. We were told that it was because the manager “ forgot to take down the listing on Airbnb” and wasn’t there. Instead of making it right and taking it upon himself to help us cancel this day and get our money back we were basically thrown out and told that we would have to figure it out ourselves. Horrible customer service. To make matters worse, we missed our VIP experience for the concert we were going to due to the inconvenience of figuring out how to cancel our reservation, get a refund, and then get a new hotel when so many were already totally booked. If you book on Air BNB, don’t count on getting a room.

I stayed at this property last minute I was greeted by Christian, who was amazing. I also had the pleasure of meeting Victor over at the bar great mixologist by the way, I came down for something to drink in the middle of the night and met the fabulous Anthony who was so friendly in personable. My room was clean. The staff was very nice. It is in an area where there is lots of restaurants and stores. I have no complaints, but I do see myself at this property in the future again.

Positive: Courteous staff and regular house keeping. Negative: Nope!

It’s ok

Rooms were spacious but carpet was very old and found few insects in shower room.

Enjoyed our stay here with our soccer club. Anthony W. Up fron went above and beyond to accommodate us. Very helpful and loved his energy every morning before heading out for the game. No issues with the room or parking. Lots of restaurants nearby. Housekeeping was helpful for our 3 day stay.

Anthony Wise is a great asset to this hotel. He’s friendly and so helpful. He always had a smile. The rest of the staff was great but Anthony stands out .

Enjoyed our stay here with our soccer club. Anthony W. Went above and beyond to accommodate our team. Staff makes the difference

Donna S. Need some extensive training on basic customer service and/or conflict resolution. I was horrified at the way she treated me when trying to check in. I’ve stayed at this property twice before with no issues. Not sure what Donna’s problem was so I will not be staying here again. My advice is you get what you pay for so be careful.

Absolute fantastic stay.
The facility all the way around was clean, the AC worked great! I say that because we have stayed in some really nice facilities but the AC has seemed to be a little questionable.

Right off the highway and many good places to eat near by. Far enough away from the city but close enough as well.
With it also being right off the highway, we couldn’t hear the highway noise in our room.

Breakfast was not included, but that wasn’t a deal breaker for us.

Most definitely will book another stay here. It’s also first responder friendly. Booked with them off of GovX.com

The hotel was OK, but the parking lot is not secure. On the evening that we arrived I was stopped by another hotel guest and informed that all of his tools were stolen from the back of his truck the previous evening. Three days later my truck was vandalized. A "security guard" was present but mostly occupied with smoking cigarettes and scrolling on their phone. If you do decide to stay here, be aware of your belongings because thieves are actively working this parking lot nightly.

Positive: cleanliness Negative: I have been there four times and only one time have I been greeted with a warm welcome and smile.

Positive: The setup of the room was different than other hotels stayed in. The amenities- the cafe/gym/indoor pool/fire pit are also a nice touch. Negative: A lot of interruptions with housekeeping

Construction is a bit much on 35 but this location did a stellar job. Nicholas was awesome at the front desk.

Positive: Clean and open lobby. Spacious just in case I didn’t want to be stuck in the room Negative: Loud fridge hindered us from quality sleep.

Disappointing Stay, Broken Promises, and No Accountability

I rarely leave negative reviews, but my experience at this hotel left me with no choice. I stayed here during a time when the hotel experienced a major issue: no running water for two full days. No showers, no flushing toilets, and limited communication. While I understand that unexpected issues can arise, the way this situation was handled was unacceptable.

The hotel initially offered free cancellation and 5,000 loyalty points as a goodwill gesture. I appreciated the offer and was willing to accept the inconvenience with that resolution in mind. However, months later, I still have not received the 5,000 points as promised.

What’s worse is the complete lack of follow-through. I’ve tried multiple times over the past two months to contact hotel management through phone calls and emails—with no response whatsoever. It’s incredibly frustrating to be ignored after already experiencing such a major inconvenience during my stay.

Customer service is about more than just making an offer—it’s about honoring it and showing your guests that their loyalty and comfort matter. Unfortunately, this experience showed a lack of both accountability and professionalism.

I hope this review prompts management to finally take responsibility and address this unresolved issue—not just for me, but for any other guests who may have experienced the same.

Positive: The attendant was very welcoming. This was my third stay and the first time I was greeted and she thanked me for being a guest. Negative: ""

Rooms very clean and complete with amenities very quiet and very helpful staff.

Positive: Location and cleanliness Negative: Front desk staff was so unfriendly at check-in. There was never anyone at the front desk. Always had a sign up that they apologize for being away at the moment. Stood and waited for over 16 minutes with phone ringing constantly too.

Positive: Room was a nice size and had a cool comfortable  setup. The staff offered world class customer service. Negative: ""

Moved me to a different hotel without contacting me ahead of time.  Very disappointed.

Great hotel

Positive: "" Negative: The staff did not greet and was extremely impersonal during the check in. The same as my last visit and the same staff

Don't book here if you use an online bank such as chime, sofi, etc. Was able to book my room with an online bank card, but was not allowed to pay the deposit with the online bank card. I was told only cards from brick and mortar banks such as BoA, Chase, and Wells Fargo can be used for deposit. Never got to step foot in the room and have to call my bank tomorrow to try and get the money back for a room I never got to use.

They stole $100 for a security deposit from me. I stayed there the last weekend in May and I still have not received it back. It's $50.00 per night and I stayed 2 nights.
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE

Rooms were alight but very convenient location

Very disappointing – I left early due to bed bugs and poor hygiene
I had planned to stay longer at this Marriott location, but I ended up leaving early because of how dirty and uncomfortable the experience was.
From the moment I walked in, the front desk staff were unwelcoming and unprofessional. There were also signs posted about not walking around with alcohol, which immediately gave me a bad impression of the kind of environment this hotel tolerates — quite surprising for a Marriott.
When I entered the room, it was not clean at all. There were hairs all over the bathroom floor, and the entire space felt neglected.
Worst of all, I discovered bed bugs in the room. I reported it to the staff, and the person simply said, "Oh, okay. We’ll do an investigation." — with no sense of urgency or apology. That was the final straw.
This experience was unacceptable, especially coming from a Marriott-branded hotel. I would strongly advise others to avoid this place.

Excelente!!! buen servicio, buen desayuno, mejor atencion!!

Staff was nice and rooms were nice

Visiting relatives.

One of my favorite hotels for business stays

Positive: "" Negative: ""

My wife and I stayed during the 1st thru the 4th, she left a pair of her shoes, we called the hotel to see if a house keeper found her shoes and they did, Christian Alba was the desk clerk I was talking with, I sent him a paid shipping label to put on mt box that he had gotten to ship my shoes to me, I received my shoes today, I just wanted to let him know that I'm truly thankful for him and getting my shoes shipped back to me..

thanks again

Peggy Devereaux

Positive: Cleanliness Negative: Staff. Guy at check in was rude, said about 2 words to us. Overnight guy didn?t even look up from his phone when we passed by. Even at check out 3 people were standing at the desk chatting it up and no one said thank you, good morning, nothing.

I booked this hotel in advance and reached the hotel around 3pm. The front desk person told me no room is available and in front of me he called the housekeeping lady to check when the room will be ready. And I was told to wait for 5 to 10 mins. While I was waiting, I could see that the person was providing room keys to new guests. After waiting for almost 40 mins I checked why the room is not yet ready and the front desk person was so rude and started talking with attitude saying if I don’t want to wait, I can go to a different hotel. Such attitude is not healthy for someone who works In a brand like Marriott. Being a platinum member, I have stayed in many Marriott properties but this treatment was something new and unacceptable. For sure will never come back to this hotel.

Great and pleasant

Took forever

Almost had to have one of us sleep on the floor because they incorrectly booked our room.

I made the reservation for three people - a king bed and a pullout. When we got to our room there was no pullout. They tried to blame it on me but i showed them the reservation which was correctly booked. They were rude, said they were sold out of all rooms and that there was nothing they could do. We canceled our room and are HOPING to get a refund, but they said even that isn’t certain. We had to book a shitty hotel down the street last minute for way too much money because of them and couldn’t have experienced worse service than what we received here. Couldn’t recommend this hotel any less.

My family and I had an absolutely wonderful stay at the Courtyard by Marriott Austin North/Parmer Lane, and it’s easily one of the best hotel experiences we’ve had! From start to finish, the staff went above and beyond to make our stay memorable. A special shoutout goes to Nicholas, the Operations Manager, who was outstanding. His professionalism, warmth, and dedication to ensuring every guest feels welcomed truly set the tone for our exceptional experience. The location is fantastic—conveniently situated just off I-35, it’s perfect for exploring Austin, with easy access to nearby attractions like The Domain, downtown, and Round Rock Sports Center.
The combination of excellent service, pristine facilities, and a prime location made this stay unforgettable for my family. We felt genuinely cared for, and the thoughtful touches throughout our visit left a lasting impression. We can’t wait to return to Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane on our next trip to Austin!

Pretty decent. None of the ice machines worked, I had to go to the bartender and bug him for some ice and he told me his ice machine stopped working.

Positive: "" Negative: ""

The place was clean and comfy.
Gotta try the old fashion up at the bar

Location is not that far from downtown. Its near every store or restaurant you nay need

I had a disappointing experience at the Courtyard by Marriott Austin Parmer/Tech Ridge. My key card stopped working, and I wasn’t the only guest experiencing this issue. When I went to the front desk for assistance, the employee offered no help or urgency in resolving the situation. Being locked out of my room with no support was incredibly frustrating. I expect better service from a Marriott property, and this experience did not meet those expectations. I won’t be returning.

This hotel has Electric Vehicle charging stations, both a 11kW Level 2 charger for Tesla and Non Tesla and a 120KW Charger for a quick recharge!

None of the ice machines work

Cozy place to stay, rest, and relax

They charged me a price of $264. When I looked at my bank account they took out $500 telling me it's room service. I mean not service but a $50 fee for each. An item here for the deposit and then they gave me a rate for senior discount but it came out the $500 so they robbed me out of my money. That's what I think about them

Decent location and 2017 style courtyard vibe.   They renovated recently - but you can tell this franchise owner does the bare minimum.   No water in the gym, the ac wall unit rattles like crazy at night, and I think this is one of the few Marriot’s that still uses magnetic swipe key cards.  The card deactivated daily - so it was a fun up and down the elevator to get the key reprogrammed after going up to learn it didn’t work.

It's an old good hotel. Hard to get water though

Absolutely terrible. 0 stars. This hotel is dirty. Believe the negative reviews. I should have. We arrived late night so basically got into room and settled into bed. Woke up the next morning to find small tiny bugs crawling on nightstand right by the head of the bed. The bugs were crawling and going into the cracks of the drawer. I immediately freaked out and googled bedbugs. Bedbugs can live on wood dressers not just beds. I called the front desk immediately. The "head of housekeeping" was sent up. This man brought a flash light saw one bug and started googling what bedbugs looked like. He said he wasn't sure if it was or not but that we were being moved rooms. I was furious. One if it is bed bugs I just spent the entire night sleeping in the bed. And 2 how do you send someone up who is just going to Google things like I can. What am I suppose to do take bedbugs back home with me? I called the front desk again and the girl I spoke with was very kind and apologized. She said she was waiting for her manager to get out of a meeting to complete a refund for the the night. And I would be hearing from the manager soon. Mind you this was night 1 out of 4.
I got back to the hotel around 4pm and still had not been contacted by management.  I called the front desk again and the guy I spoke with had no idea about the situation but said he would speak with the manager. I received a call from Donna the assistant guest manager.  Donna said she was not aware of the situation. Donna was very quick to dismiss my concerns and said that they ran an "eco report" and it wasn't bedbugs it was "sweet water ants" because there was something sticky on night stand. Again mind you we had gotten in that night quickly went to bed so not sure what was sticky on night stand if room had been properly cleaned prior to our stay. I asked Donna for a copy of the report to which she initially agreed but one was never recieved. When I asked how the refund for the night was going to be processed. Donna became rude and argumentative stating there would be no refund that it wasn't bed bugs and they moved us to a new room "thats policy." I informed Donna that irregardless my 2 year old and my self shouldn't have had to sleep with bugs crawling by our head and it was completely disgusting. Donna again dismissed my concerns and rudely said that a refund was not approved and best she could do was "put some points onto my account" I will never stay in this hotel again so I asked what the point were suppose to do and again Donna very rudely said "well they won't get you a free night if that's what your asking" I am just appalled at how I was treated and dismissed. When paying over $100 a night for a room I shouldn't have to sleep with disgusting bugs by mine and my child's head. There were also other things that were not fully cleaned in the new room, counter surfaces filled with dust, weird dirt makings on the ceiling and shower. But again I cannot get over the bugs. And I still am not convinced they were not bedbugs as no eco report was ever provided to me. The photos are not the best but I tried to photograph the bugs however they quickly burrowed into the cracks. Disgusting place with rude management.

1/10 rating I absolutely would not recommend this location for anyone. The staff is rude. Security is obnoxious and management is highly incompetent

The staff here are friendly and helpful, making baby shower weekend a success!  The meeting room was perfect, and the ability for our guests to stay nearby while enjoying Austin was definitely a plus!

The staff at night is always so helpful and they've got onsite security monitoring the parking lot at all times. The room was very clean and the bed was Sooooo comfortable!! Enjoyed our stay here and will be coming back. Highly recommend

This place will charge you $50 for smoking when you’re not smoking in your room I’m currently at the front desk fighting with them. They got $150 that they stole from me. I would never stay at this hotel ever again in my life.

I arrive late. They're very nice. I did not book the room right and I booked it for two weeks out. They were very nice to accommodate me and to tell me how to go about changing it with Expedia and process was smooth. They were very nice about it. The rooms were very nice. They were clean. The whole facility was very clean. Got up the next morning and had to get off to where I needed to debate, but it was a very nice hotel.

Our stay at the Courtyard was wonderful.  The staff at the front desk was very helpful, both arriving and departing. Jason G.  Helped me so many times.  We will be coming back again. The room was entirely comfortable. Thank you all for a wonderful holiday.

This hotel is not good. The rooms are gross and have stains everywhere. The heater in our room smelled like hot wires to the point we turned it off and opened the door in fear of a fire. The staff was unfriendly and seemed to be put off by anything we asked. At one point, I had to go to my car to get a blanket for my daughter (thanks to the broken heater) and forgot my key. When I tried to come in, Jared (whom I just spoke to about said heater) stared at me telling me I needed a room key to open the door. Thankfully some other guests walked out or I might not have been able to get back in. Management needs to take a serious look at their property as this place really falls below Marriott expectations. By the way, there are ZERO amenities for Bonvoy Elite members. Granted I’m only a Gold, but typically I at least get a bottle of water and thanked for my loyalty. Not at this property…

Hate to give a 1 star when the actual hotel itself was mostly fantastic. However, after finding out on the day we're leaving that I was charged $610 when my booking said final total $387 and then being told only $150 of it will be refunded within 5-7 days because the rest was unlisted hotel fees, I couldn't recommend this place. I'd hate for another family to be in the same situation and potentially not have that extra money because they weren't told up front.
Also, they did provide breakfast as we were there for a hockey tournament but upon inspection of my sons apple I found a spider.

BE WARNED Room itself and staff service was fine but my sleep time at this place was horrible lol  this location at the present time ... November 2024 is awful. Right off a highway which is convenient yes but 35 is constantly under construction (NOISE!) causing slow downs in traffic littered with NOISY semi trucks. All this leads to constant noise all hours of the night and into the morning from your room window. I was so annoyed.  Clanging of a construction vehicle woke me up Saturday morning yes they were working early SATURDAY MORNING!!!
If you have a hard time getting to sleep and staying asleep be sure to negotiate a room opposite the highway for the best chance at a restful sleep. Also a couple of other issues that were bothersome. I left early in the morning from Dallas, was in town for a funeral and so by the time all was said and done,  I got to my room about 4p.  I checked in and I was ready to nap! There was a noise near my room that prevented me from getting right to sleep. I initially thought occupant in the next room over might have just been noisy but after the banging and clanging, boom noises went on for some time, im pretty sure it must've been some sort of maintenance work going on. At 4p in the afternoon I just had to suck it up because of course the hotel is going to do the work in the day time when the hotel is less occupied. There's no way around it since people are constantly coming and going.  It's not their fault that I wanted to sleep at 4pm lol the other thing that bothered me is they were gracious enough to allow me late check out and told me they would let housekeeping know but apparently it wasn't communicated.  I was asleep with the do not disturb sign on the door and here comes a lady knocking at the door waking me up. I told them I had until 1pm and they said well I'll check with the front desk,  I'm like yea you should do that. Sheesh.

Would recommend the hotel. It is new which is always nice so the rooms felt fresh. However, it felt a bit understaffed and unorganized at times.
I will say most of the front desk staff especially Christian were very helpful and took care of me well!

Clean quiet place very nice place for small price

My wife and I stayed one night. The rooms and bathrooms were well maintained and very clean. Although, the gentleman working at the front desk, Jared, was incredibly rude and did not seem to know what we was doing. While checking in he raised his voice at my wife to insert her card and that the machine did not have a “tap” feature, when it clearly did. He seemed to be flustered over “clicking the wrong button” but that does not excuse his demeanor.
A few hours later after we went to dinner I decided to buy some ice cream from the lobby and when asking for a spoon he told us that we had to get one from the bistro across the lobby. As we waited for someone at the bistro to attend to us another guest had asked him for plasticware, and he proceeded to go behind the bistro and get them what they asked for as we were still waiting for the exact same thing. The guest he helped even jokingly offered us their spoon.
I think Jared may be in the wrong profession if he does not have the patience or tact to explain why the tap feature may not work in that situation (it did) or the kindness to simply get the guests of the hotel he works at a spoon for their ice cream.

Rooms have paper thin walls. Can hear TVs perfectly and annoyingly from up, down, and around.

The restaurant has good food, if you want to wait an hour to get your food; painfully slow.

The hotel itself was great. Front desk staff was great. The bistro person (in the morning) was horrible. Rude beyond belief. So stay in the hotel, but Uber Eats is a much better option for food!

So I went here with the band because I had a competition and it was pretty good, the hotel was pretty clean and the beds were super comfyyyy!!!, it’s also pretty quiet except for some of my other band mates but in general pretty good and the lobby is so beautiful 🐒👩‍❤️‍👨

Absolutely terrible experience with this hotel’s laundry service. My laundry, which was supposed to be next-day, took 4 days the first time and then got LOST the second time! Despite asking daily for help, the staff were completely unhelpful, rude, and refused to follow up. They even started ignoring my calls and hanging up on me! My colleagues also experienced the same issue, which shows this is an ongoing problem. Totally unprofessional and unacceptable. Would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!

Absolutely terrible experience with this hotel’s laundry service. My laundry, which was supposed to be next-day, took 4 days the first time and then got LOST the second time! Despite asking daily for help, the staff were completely unhelpful, rude, and refused to follow up. They even started ignoring my calls and hanging up on me! My colleagues also experienced the same issue, which shows this is an ongoing problem. Totally unprofessional and unacceptable. Would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone!

Front desk staff extremely unhelpful, unmotivated, and rude. My reservation auto-cancelled when I didn’t show up for the first night, even though I prepaid for five nights - never had that happen before, so starting off with a dumb policy. Manager was laughing in the back room when the front desk staff informed him what happened. They proceeded to tell me to go kick rocks since they are now sold out.

They give Hilton keys to Marriott guests. Bathroom are unfinished and have broken things. Not that clean. Price is better than other Marriott around but compromised the brand value.

Staying there as I type. I’m going to start with positives. The room is clean and the shower is huge. It has a coffee maker, microwave, and mini fridge. The sofa is nice. The bed is hard, but no better or worse than other hotel mattresses.

The air conditioner in the room is loud. There was no toilet paper in the room. They left the end of the roll, but nothing more. They also left the tv on a welcome screen that talks and plays music, but left us no remote to turn it off. It delayed us being able to sleep. They also did something I have NEVER heard of before. My husband tried to pay the deposit for the room with his card. I had already paid for the room online. They wouldn’t let him use his card, claiming it had to be a “brick and mortar” bank, as in one you can actually walk into a branch. He sent me the money. Not a huge issue, but definitely off-putting. It also made us wonder if it was discrimination, like they thought we didn’t have the money for the room or something.

The rooms were alright, didn’t look remodeled tho. First the front desk people weren’t there for almost an hour and didn’t answer the phones. But I had  the worst experience at the bar, the bartender was very rude to us, arguing about a drink that I sent back. Very disrespectful and unprofessional definitely would come here to eat or drink again.

The hotel is very close to a road, it was very noisy throughout the night. The reception and customer service was not up to the mark. I stayed at Courtyard in multiple countries, but this was the worst. I think this hotel is a blot on Marriott's reputation and brand, perhaps it's worse than a roadside motel.

The hotel was supposed to be recently modeled,  but they didn't do a very good job outside of the lobby.  My TV didn't work so they sent someone to fix it.  He did get the TV to work,  but couldn't control the volume or turn it off,  so I had to unplug it.  The shower is configured so you have to get it and get hit with cold water to turn it on,  and the AC kept making loud rumbling noises at 230, 4 and 5 am. Not a great way to sleep.  There were also hooks on the wall were a mirror should have been,  but no mirror.  Not a great property.

We had trouble trying to check in to your hotel The front desk clerk was not very helpful at all. He was also very rude to us.

A good place to go for rest or fun

I had a terrible experience first at check in Christian said our room was t ready and to wait in the lobby until he cleared the line of people checking in. I waited an hour then saw him out his back pack on and leave he never circled back with us. Then Jared was the front desk replacement he was very nice and professional but did let me know our room wasn’t ready and he personally went up to check on it but the lock wasnt working so he had to call the maintainer worker to fix it we waited in the lobby over 2 hours until after 4 when the nicest woman (Julia) asked me what room I was waiting for and I told her 235 she said it was ready and that they were waiting on a maintainer worker to fix the towel rack so I said I just needed into the room and then Jared got us into our room both of these people Jared and Julia were professional helpful and courteous infact without Julia’s smiling face and helpfulness I may have blown a gasket.

Then once in the room we discovered the sheets were stained it was so gross and just not Marriott like it was really my most disappointing visit I’ve ever experienced.

This North Austin location was one of the remodeled properties, and looked good. I like their new decor.

What I didn't like about my stay here was that there was some kind of youth soccer convention, so the lobby and hallways were a bit noisy. This is the first time, staying at a Courtyard, that I've ever had to phone in a noise complaint. Some locations have a placard in the hallways saying hotel quiet hours are from 11pm to 7am. This one didn't.

Minor issues included a burned-out bulb in the bedroom area, and a sink faucet handle that wasn't working properly, but those didn't annoy me as much as the other guests.

If you choose this location, you might check to see what events are going on in terms of bookings - not just here, but around Austin. It was pretty crowded - it's a 5-story facility and they put me up on 4.

Otherwise, it was another good Marriott.

All good. Clean, quiet, good WiFi. Location meh, but easy access.

Miss having a free breakfast but otherwise everything else was great about this location. Reasonable price, great bathroom, nice mattress, and friendly staff

Walked into our room and the ac wasn't working,it was very hot. We had to take all of our stuff out the room and they moved us to another room. Room had a coffee machine but nothing to make coffee in it. We also swam in the indoor pool but it was disgusting,  there was black things floating and slimy particles that looked like clear algae floating around. The outlets in the room seemed unsafe because anything you would plug in was vary loose and hanged out halfway out the plug. They also didn't clean our room while we were gone. Other than that the front desk was nice and pleasant and also has a starbucks and bar inside.

This hotel is located right off the highway, so there aren't many amenities nearby apart from a QuikTrip gas station and a Smoothie King. Getting to the hotel was a bit annoying due to the construction. However, the room was nice and tidy. I was disappointed that they didn't offer free continental breakfast and charged high prices for meals/snacks. The staff was very accommodating, allowing me to check in and out at flexible times without any extra charges, which I truly appreciated. The housekeeping service was a bit slow at times, but overall, it wasn't a major issue. Despite the shortcomings, I would consider staying here again.

It was a very nice hotel room and a very modern-like feel in the lobby. I loved it. Rooms are cleaned and I love how it has a walk in shower. And the staff there are beyond incredible. The guy who checked me in and out was extremely nice to myself and the people in front of me and so was the restaurant employee. I even liked how you can plug in your HDMI devices into the TV.

But the thing I liked the most was the fact they have a security guard on site 24/7 monitoring the parking lot. It really gave me a peace of mind.

I would definitely return to this place.

Breakfast was super expensive. $21 for coffee and a burrito. Other than that, the hotel is OK

Houstonians this is a great hurricane getaway location. Cannot beat the price point and amazing front desk peeps.
249 drops you off at their front door - less than 2hr drive.

Clean

Great hotel for the price.

More than an hour for breakfast service

El desayuno lo pedí a las 8 am y llego al mediodía mal servicio en el desayuno demasiado lento

The staffs very friendly at the front desk, one of them who helped us, his name's Brennon, from the check-in and extend our check-out per our request with a free of charge. Very professional! I would highly recommend when you arrived, please speak with him. The hotel lobby is very neat and tidy. We got the nicest room and very clean!! Thank you for the hospitality overall!! We might consider staying here again whenever we're visiting Austin, TX.

It was nice, neat, great service. There was just mold and mildew on the blanket and in the shower.

No breakfast

Wonderful stay! Super clean, smells clean, cold A/C even in the summer, very clean indoor pool, quiet, safe area, friendly staff, and the best water pressure in the showers. The lobby has a Starbucks, so that’s a huge plus. We loved our stay here.

This has been a perfect hotel experience! It was clean, smelled good, super cold A/C even in the summer, best water pressure, perfectly clean and cool indoor pool, friendly customer service, and a full Starbucks in the lobby! It’s been a while since I’ve had a great hotel experience, and I’m so glad we chose to stay here.

Room was ready and clean. Night crew was okay. Michael from the bar and bistro was amazing.

The morning bistro is horrible. 8$ for an orange and muffin is too much. The 'starbucks ' coffee is not actually starbucks in the whole operation- it's a single shot - 1oz espresso for a large cup with less than an ounce of chocolate. The espresso machine is not starbucks- as the morning bistro cashier explained. While they're using the brand cups - they do not offer actual starbucks other than the hot drip coffee. And they're violating brand terms with their cups. We spent 30$ on two cups of coffee and 2 kids breakfasts and I was not impressed for the price. I would've made a fuss if Michael had not been so amazing for the dinner and drinks my husband and I had, and my kids' dinners.

There is a kids menu- we didn't get one until the following morning after dinner.

Extremely disappointing at $160 a night; I wasted my money. I checked in for an overnight stay and have an appointment so I wanted to take a quick shower and head out. I walk into the bathroom and there are stray hairs all over; on the floor and in the shower. Then there was no shower gel I’m the shower. After those 2 incidents, I checked out because I can’t trust that the bedsheets are clean.

Staff is friendly and tries to resolve your issues. However, I wouldn’t personally be able to sleep comfortably because it felt icky. Felt more like a motel than a hotel. It’s a no for me.

Courtyard austin north.

Great location, clean and spacious rooms and a good value for what you pay.

Older but well maintained Courtyard close to lots of restaurants and shopping options.

Worst ever Marriot that I have stayed in. Non cooperating staff, bad room service, didnt have rooms ready inspite of booking - had to wait 30 minutes for them to “figure out the room situation”.

This is very very poorly managed property, stay away from this property if you want to have a decent stay.

First of all this is by the busiest interstate so rooms are very noisy especially if you get a room on the front side of the hotel. They supply you with ear buds so you’ll have to sleep with earbuds in your ear to get somewhat quieter sleep.

Hotel is dated which is fine but in my case, the room was filthy dirty, there were hair on the bathroom floor, scuff marks all over.

Hotel staff forgot to reset the alarm set up by the previous guest so alarm went off at 4:30 am. I woke up in the middle of night to the sound of alarm not knowing if this is a fire alarm and if I should exit or something else. I then realize it’s a regular alarm clock and I press a button hoping i got it right but due to being half asleep I pressed snooze button and 9 minutes later, voila! It buzzed back again. At this point of time, I had completely lost it and had to turn on light to figure out how to turn this thing off. Due to all of this I ended up waking up at 4:30 in the morning.

I then proceed to take shower and then you know how these days they have dispenser in the shower only to find out it’s out of soap. No other option then but to take shower without soap.

I let the hotel staff know about my experience and they offer to have manager call me in few hours which never happens. I call back again, talk to manager, she offer me courtesy points and I accept it. Then nothing happens. I wait for 5 days, call back again and they promise it will happen within 24 hours and still nothing happens.

I call back 3 weeks later and they are like “what is it about”, “what happened” yada yada yada.

I told staff I’m done with this ordeal, I would rather take my business elsewhere next time.

AVOID AT ALL COSTS! Read the reviews, I was locked out of my room and had to call the police to attempt to gain access. I was on a work trip and my boss had to be woken up in the middle of the night to confirm the room. The employee told me it was company policy and there was nothing on earth he could do. The manager at 8 am did exactly what he said he couldn't. His power trip was so disgusting I have stayed at Hilton ever since. This singular property just lost Marriott 3 Ambassador elite members. I hope everyone here gets trained on how to treat human beings. Embarrassing...

The front desk although he had only been there 2 weeks was very helpful and knowledgeable about the area.

So our Hotel was paid for by the State from for my husbands work and we drove all the way from Houston arrived after midnight just For the man who served us on may 1st at 12:08 to refuse our State card that already paid the hotel reservation which they allowed our other fellow staff to use .

My husband and I had gone for drinks during happy hour and Michael, the bartender, definitely satisfied.
We had the black cherry old-fashioned and the twilight tea.  Both were superb. The hummus hit the spot.

I am a titanium elite member of Marriott. The courtyard on Parmar Lane it’s conveniently located between my clients that are downtown and in the suburbs plenty of access off the freeway the service and employees are wonderful and polite. Location is clean and safe and the rooms are clean neat and roomy.

Customer service sucks. The man behind the counter had the worst attitude and demeanor. Felt like I was dealing with a high schooler. April 15th's mid night shift. We will never stay here again and have told many to stay clear. We stay in Marriott hotels 300 nights of the year and I've never been treated so poorly. If I could give 0 stars I would.

Happy overall and would consider staying here again. Rooms and facilities were clean, free parking, service was good. Location is convenient and a 15min drive to downtown Austin. Only complaint is that there was no room safe.

This review is for the night of 10 April @ 7:30PM. the members on staff were Donna, Adrian & Christian. I am a frequent business / government traveler who stays in Austin a few nights a week for work. Unfortunately, this week I forgot my bank card with my little sister & didn’t have a backup option outside of Apple Pay… which I’ve been able to use successfully at alol establishments. I asked the front desk if I would be able to check in using Apple Pay and they told me that the system isn’t wired for digital transactions. I told them I understood but since the banks were closed, would I be able to show them the card to type it in (have a copy on my phone) or Zelle someone on staff the money (I was desperate lol). My plan was to go to the bank in the morning to get a temporary card & show them the next day since they needed to see the physical card.

They told me that both options were out of their company policy & there was NOTHING they could do. I got so desperate that I attempted to ask a fellow guest for help… could I send the cash for one night via  Zelle & they use their physical card to show the front desk? Ms. Donna approached me and told me that they don’t allow people to “do that here”. I suppose she meant ask guests for help bcs it could be considered a bother. I was so embarrassed. I started crying & apologized to the gentleman bcs I didn’t even realize how it could have been perceived. She also proceeded to tell me that all the other hotels in the area operated under the same policy. Her last words were “so you want to go ahead & cancel?” No remorse for a young woman in tears with nowhere to stay overnight. This could happen to anyone… but I digress.

I left with zero options and called aloft to let them know my dilemma and see if they would accommodate me. They were happy to type the card number & told me to come on by. That got me thinking that maybe one of the hotels that she said couldn’t accommodate actually could. I drove 2 min up the street to Fairfield Inn & let them know the pickle I was in. They told me that it would be easy for them to validate the card using their authenticator. They typed it in & I was checked in under 10 minutes with no prior reservation. The team went on to inform me that Courtyard has the same POS and capability to validate cards if you don’t have the physical copy. I’m assuming that the Courtyard team just didn’t want to help me. The upside is the offered to give me a 100% refund on the room so I guess that’s a plus?

I am SO grateful to the Fairfield Team for not leaving me stranded overnight in a city where I have no friends or additional support. I wish there were more service-oriented humans like them working in the hospitality industry. In the end I was happy that it didn’t work out… breakfast is included & the entire hotel @ Fairfield is very clean… bathroom is spotless. Just looked at a few other reviews for this Courtyard & saw others complaining about the management team, lack of breakfast & cleanliness of the rooms. I very likely dodged a bullet… normally wouldn’t pick them but it was a last minute reservation since I needed to be in town for a panel.

Oh & I’m a Bonvoy Silver member who’s been using the Marriott brand for travel for the last 15 years (I was Gold last year but got downgraded since I travel less these days) if that adds any other context.

I don’t need a resolution, just sharing with others… you’re better off staying in one of the other hotels in the area… clean, comes with breakfast & comes with an accommodating front desk staff who makes the world of difference in the customer experience. I’ll be writing a review for them as well.

Clean hotel from lobby to room to pool. Service was great from anyone we dealt with. Pool water was perfect temp and clean. Rooms are spacious,  clean and offered fridge/microwave. Plenty of usb ports & easy access plug ins to charge devices. Security car on duty. Not near much or any food, but travel 10 mins and you have all the options.

I did not stay here, but have had the unfortunate experience of having my vehicle damaged whilst on their property. The General Manager Adrianne is minimally responsive, and rather than address the situation quickly, pushed it to a claims adjuster.
Horrible representation of the brand to say the least

My room was more expensive because I'm a veteran, asked about it and the front desk guy said that's just how it is. Oddly, I still stay there 🤔 It's an abusive relationship. "I wish I could quit you"Heath Ledger

The service wasn't too friendly, but the rooms were comfortable and affordable.

Average on things I didn’t experience but the service deserves 0 stars. Called in to add a name to my reservation in order to check in, a female employee (not sure of her name as the owner is saying there is no Elise) told me to go online or call Bonvoy. Never have been asked to do this before in 15+ years. I told her to ask management and they either didn’t talk to her or also gave her the same misinformation. Will never stay at this property again, rebooked at a property with a higher rate as the service was so lacking and poor.

Also, how come you’re the only one to implement these asinine rules? I can verify my identity via billing address, email address, confirmation number, and ID when I arrive. Don’t you think you should be focused a little more on customer service and use tired and true methods to secure customer information? High end hotels don’t even utilize the backwards thinking you do, yet you claim to justify this in the name of safety. I am calling you out on your negligence and also laziness. This is a disservice to the customer and the Marriott brand as a whole.  I appreciate the prompt response here but focus this energy to update your policies and train your people. It is sorely needed.

Highly recommend! They accommodated us last minute, late last night. They have a cute little snack and coffee bistro inside the lobby with plenty of seating. The room was clean and it had a walk in shower. Plenty of parking.

Do not make a reservation at this hotel. Awful. I made a reservation 10 months in advance (in November 2023) for 3 nights in October for the F1 race. 5 months later in March 2024 I received an email from the hotel manager that my reservation was taken in error and, as a result, it had to be cancelled since there was no availability. Had I been told shortly after I made the reservation, I might have been able to secure another room. Pretty much everything is now sold out and what is available is in excess of $1,000/night. I suspect they were able to sell my reservation for a much higher price and they cancelled my reservation to make more money. Oh, and as compensation they offered me a night some other time at the hotel for a reduced rate. Seriously, stay away. I am done with Marriott . . . period.

Hotel overbooked and cancelled my reservation that was booked 11 months in advance for a specific occasion. Nothing available that weekend in Austin.  Would not accept responsibility and offered for me to come back a different weekend.  Pathetic.

Good hotel north of downtown when you don't want to pay the extreme downtown prices. It has a large lobby and sitting area to work or relax in. Clean and not out of date except.... they need to get rid of those rounded floor bathtubs and put in new shower floors. This is not a reason to avoid this hotel, just a "watch your step" notification for my over 55 friends. You are not far from downtown, restaurants, and shops.

I understand its a 3 star hotel, but theres no upkeep - the shower floor looks like its rusting, couches have stains on them, staff is unpleasant, TV doesn’t work. Although, must admit - cleaning is decent.

Not sure how they are even in business. The lobby is nice, but the rooms do not match the additional cost compared to other hotels in the area. Also, there is no breakfast, which for this type of property is default in this market. Wifi speed was barely able to stream YouTube. My speed test showed I was getting 2mbs. Sad. Finally the sink drain stopper was broken. It would not stay open, so I just lifted it out so water could drain. The shower also drained slow. There are better hotels with half a mile that have better rooms, breakfast, and better wifi. Won't stay here again.

good experience

The experience with the person in front desk was the worse costumer service. Even when I did a corporate reservation through a third party because is “cheaper” you need to pay a deposit for almost the whole price of the days. I did a reservation for 1 week where the whole amount was around $700 and also I needed to pay $350 for deposit, I mean $50 per day.
The worse thing was the guy of the front desk told me that I need to give a 24 hours in advance if a want to pay with a corporate car. And I asked him where is the policy. And he never found the “policy” where they said about the 24 hours in advance.
He never wanted to help me to find a solution, his solutions was only pay.
Also he lied when I asked for the manager. I asked for the manager and he told me that the manager was in a meeting. And the manager NEVER WAS THERE. Because the manager of the housekeeping told me that the manager wasn’t there. Also he never wanted to gave me his name and the manager name. HORRIBLE COSTUMER SERVICE.
This happened in January 08th 2024.

I have stayed here a few times.  Pretty good experience. Sometimes it’s hard to get somebody at the service desk…  Outside of that everything else is great.

This was a really good experience.  Julian helped so much. Very nice and pleasant young man. Very helpful. Thank you.  Julian if you ever see this keep up the good work and great personality!!! No complimentary breakfast, sad face, but there is a small breakfast area (not free).

I had a very bad experience the room service. I had booked a room for 3 people and for avionics only for two people.  Upon calling the manager, they told me to switch the room for three people which was a free upgrade and later on they charged me for both the rooms. When enquired about the additional charges they denied that the upgrade of the room was not for free. All these happened in early morning  on my birthday which made my whole day worst.

I would not recommend this hotel for anyone staying.

Clean and good property to stay in, near supermarkets and stores, I would like to say the same for the service but the front desk was disappointed when we got there no one was at the front desk, we waited for 10 minutes then Jared showed up and he had an attitude and was rude while we were doing the check-in.
Front of the house is the first impression and it wasn't pleasant at all.

Absolute gem in a sea of mid-tier decline and mediocrity.

The staff at the Courtyard are genuinely warm, welcoming and accommodating. Both Zoey at the front desk, and housekeeping supervisor Julia, each went out of their way to ensure my stay exceeded my expectations.

The rooms are comfortable, meticulously clean, well maintained, and a fresh change against many other Marriott properties, the bulk dispensers were not empty! 😊

It was great to feel welcome and attended to, a great thanks to all the staff.

We stayed 1 night at this hotel because we had to attend a funeral. Arrived to the hotel around 9:30 p.m. No one was there to serve us (3 families).  After 10 minutes, we had to ask the bar tender for help to look for the front desk attendant to check us in.  One of our families had to move to another room in the middle of the night because there was bugs in the bathroom.  We paid for breakfast and were not told that we needed to get a coupon in order to get the food during check-in.  After we checked out of the hotel, we found that a $50 holding charge went through our credit cards for each of our rooms.  We were told that it will be credited back after 5 to 7 days.  We never had this situation with other hotels before.   We are all totally disappointed with this visit at the Courtyard by Marriott.

The best courtyard I've ever stayed in!

Like any other Courtyard

The staff at this hotel are just lovely. From the front desk personnel to the kindly room service woman, I was impressed. I would however like to single out Gregory C (Conrad?) in the morning breakfast area. Gregory might be the nicest person you'd ever want to meet. He is so kindly and warm and welcoming. Another random guest I did not know said to me "Oh he is the best. He's just great." to which I concurred. If more people were like Gregory, this world would be a much nicer, inclusive, respectful place.

Our first room had food on the floor. The next room had  a broken chair that wasn't replaced for hours. Unfriendly staff, oh, there was a hand print on the ceiling. The outlets  by the beds didn't work. When we checked out, the manager didn't care at all and offered nothing for our problems.

Half empty bottle of shampoo on counter.  Employees with a bad attitude. Very noisy air conditioning.

Never recognized as a Platinum member. They don’t accept emailed friends and family forms so was told to walk in rain to Hilton to print form. Wasn’t offered points or breakfast for stay. Was told couldn’t upgrade room or receive 4pm checkout. Never ever staying there again.

My husband and I came to Austin for our 14th wedding anniversary. We came on a busy weekend and got a room here. Good prices, friendly staff, clean rooms and a great location. Only about a 20 minute drive to downtown Austin in heavy traffic. I would recommend this hotel to anyone I know!

I come here often for work and always have a great experience. The staff is super friendly and helpful every time. They really understand good customer service here.

Decent. Clean. Nice patio area. Clean pool area. But no complementary breakfast, that sucks.

Room was clean, water pressure not so much!

Staff were nice.

Breakfast burrito was good!

I chugged an entire bottle of sweet baby rays in the lobby, and no one batted an eye so five stars on everything except the location

Love it!

I tried to check in after midnight because I arrived very late and they would not let me get a room because of their policy. Apparently they do not allow people to book a room after midnight and before 3:00 p.m. This seems a bit ridiculous to me, but they did refund my reservation which was for the next night and through a third party.

Very nice rooms didn't have a problem. Friendly staff especially Michael the bar tender!

Over the last 10 years, I have stayed here several times.  It is a little dark and dreary.  It used to be bright and cheerful.  The staff is always great here.  AC blew right on the bed making it a little hard to sleep.

Brought off the highway kind of secluded quiet and friendly staff.

The room was very clean and smelled wonderful. Cool indoor pool. T.J is simply amazing and she made our anniversary awesome with great service. She was also very knowledgeable about the city and gave great recommendations. We will be back again for a simple getaway!!!!

Great amenities but breakfast is not included, you need to upgrade your nightly stay to include breakfast from their Bistro. Very clean rooms & common areas

Our visit here was great! Just walking into the hotel and feeling the cleanliness and being greeted by the gentleman at the front desk was very welcoming. Walking into our room it was very fresh, clean and made our stay comfortable for my babys procedure to rest afterwards. So thank you guys for that! Also the young lady who checked us out at 4am was so nice and friendly. Great hotel, great staff and shout out to the housekeeper who was nice enough to help out in the hallway!

Cool ...calm....and collective...
Clean....quiet

I travel often for work.  This was my first time in Austin.  It is a sister property to the Hilton next door.  I stayed here to get Marriott points when others stayed next door.  A coworker told me it was nicer than the Hilton.

Pros:
About 20 minutes from the airport
Easy to get to
Friendly staff!!
Clean
Updated design
Starbucks located inside

Cons:
Breakfast is not included
Starbucks is the only food available. The Hilton next door has a nicer breakfast. It's not included there either
Limited menu.  They also were out of multiple items.
Air conditioner in room took 1.5 days to cool off
Air conditioning in lobby area had a hard time keeping up
Ice machine only on certain floors
Right on busy road/highway. I didn't hear road noise as I was on the other side but I also use a sound machine

The staff was very friendly.  There were many stop lights around, congesting traffic and made travel longer.  I would stay at this location again but would also look for other hotels with more food options.

Horrible night. The ac unit was so loud I was unable to rest and had a procedure in the am so I was pretty much a zombie. I tried even putting a pillow on top to muffle the sounds and when that didnt work turned it off only to have to burn up from Austin summer heat. I would never stay here again.

They had medical check ups there, and took a friend for her appointment!

Everything was perfect.
Staff were friendly.
Clean room. Beautiful as well.
Air worked great.
Front end manager was very welcoming and helpful.

Justin Powers what a huge disappointment of customer service you provided on 7/7. Your unprofessional and condescending tone will result in us NEVER renting from this establishment or any sister establishment again. The amount of embarrassment you caused myself is astounding and now I’m uncomfortable sleeping under your roof.

Nice hotel, nice staff. Room and bed was nice. Place was clean.

Room was clean, ac worked well, and the staff was super friendly, helpful, and accommodating (especially for 60 girls).

Helpful,smiling staff  good breakfast, neat rooms. Have been comming here at least once a year. Thank you very much for every thing.

Everything was just okay for the price.  However the bathroom shower was disgusting.  How this happens at a Marriott is beyond me.  First they canceled my room suite and gave me a reg room then the shower.  I put down a towel so not to stand on the floor.

Make sure before you go to check in you're prepared to pay an incidental deposit which cannot be paid in cash

When I arrived to the hotel it was too early to check in but the service desk guaranteed I could check in after my concert and they had room 301 reserved for me. At 1230 at night I returned to the hotel and was informed that my room was given away. I was left at midnight with no place to stay. The guy at the service desk could only offer an apology and a heads up that every hotel in the Austin area was also full so good luck finding a place to sleep. I was issued a refund but no extra hotel credit and trying to find a hotel last minute when I originally booked months in advance was impossible. I had to drive the 4 hours home after being out all day. I will never recommend Marriott to anyone ever again!

Good customer service at this hotel! That was probably the best thing about our stay at this Courtyard. This hotel was located near to an event we traveled to this weekend. It was centrally located to a few other things we did around Austin. In terms of our stay, the first thing I noticed is that the main lobby has a very strong smell of fragrance. Maybe an air freshener of some sort? Me personally, I’m incredibly sensitive to fragrance, so that experience was quite unpleasant. I wasn’t able to spend much time in the lobby because of that, so dining at the bistro wasn’t an option for us. In terms of our room, the experience was… fine. It was clean enough, though perhaps not sparkling, the bed was fine (though the pillows go flat immediately), etc. I don’t know that I would stay there again, but the stay wasn’t BAD either.

I recently stayed at this hotel with my family, including an infant, and unfortunately, I have to say that the breakfast was a huge disappointment. The only options available were bread, butter, and bagels - and to make matters worse, there wasn't even a toaster provided. This made for a pretty bleak breakfast experience, especially when there were no other options available.
To add insult to injury, we had to warm up our own milk in our room to have with our cornflakes as there was no microwave available in the breakfast area. This was a huge inconvenience and made the whole breakfast experience even worse. It's hard to understand why a hotel of this caliber would not provide such basic amenities for their guests.
To top it off, the manager was incredibly rude when I asked if they had complimentary coffee available. He told me that the coffee was only available in the room and did not provide any kind of solution to the lack of options available for breakfast. This was incredibly disappointing and left a bad taste in my mouth.
Despite the nice rooms at this hotel, I cannot recommend it due to the poor breakfast options and the unhelpful and rude manager. If you're looking for a comfortable stay with a decent breakfast, I suggest looking elsewhere.

Place is okay. Gym is missing 70% of the dumbbells. Only 2/5 staff I met were professional and helpful. Room was clean. Windows are thin so you will hear rumble from highway.

Breakfast was scheduled at 6:30am on that paper I received at checkin but it never happened on time. More like 6:50, 7:00, and 7:20.

Location is good considering the proximity of restaurants of many cuisines.

Understaffed. Limited services.  Not worth the extra money.  Stay at the Fairfield and get the same level of service. Poorly managed hotel. Been here a few times to give them some grace.  Not worth the hassle. Won’t be back. Suggest finding another place to stay.  Even as a Bonvoy member, I won’t stay here again.

Good location.
Good employees.
Nice clean and modern Courtyard property.
A good place to stay.

Just want to say thank you to the wonderful staff at this Marriott. My daughter had to be in Austin due to medical reasons for 3 weeks. We had a wonderful stay and great service. Moe, thank you for making my daughter and wife feel like family.

To anyone looking to stay in Austin, you can't go wrong with this Marriott. If I could give ten stars I would. The indoor pool is great and all of the staff were willing to help at anytime. Looking forward to stopping in again.

The bartenders (Michael & Jenn) are excellent!  Their specialty drinks are comparable to a downtown luxe bar!  Highly recommend!!

Michael and MO provided excellent customer service!

Michael is amazing! Very helpful and a great bartender, he knows his stuff! Definitely recommend the German Tea Shot!

The doors slam very loud, so if ur sleep, you will be woken up.

Stayed two nights. Solid Courtyard. Wonderful hiking and mountain biking trails within a mile at Walnut Creek. The crew was tremendous on all shifts. Mo… thanks for all your help and you were awesome.

I have never been to such a lacking Marriott hotel before.

1. The water pressure in my room was terrible in both the sink and the shower. When I say terrible, I mean non-existent.

2. When I went to the gym, more than half the dumbbells were missing. I reached out to the front desk about it and they said they would look into it, but they were still missing the next day. False advertisement from their photos.

3. When I went to the bistro to get some breakfast in the morning, I ordered oatmeal, but they didn't have it. The gentleman in front of me ordered the parfait, but they also didn't have that. The fridge at the bistro was pretty much empty save 3 Chobani yogurts. I asked if they had bottled water, they told me to go to the sundries shop.

4. I went to the sundries shop and the shelves were bare. No water. Just a few bottles of various sodas/energy drinks.

5. Thin walls. A group of guys were staying in the room next to me on my last night there. They played music or watched TV really loudly. I could hear pretty much everything they were saying and unluckily for me, they stayed up ALL NIGHT. I managed to fall asleep at 12am, but they woke me up at 2am because of their loud music. I managed to fall asleep again only to be woken up AGAIN at 3am because one of them was slamming doors and yelling in the hallway. I called the front desk at that point. This was a Thursday night btw. Needless to say, I went to the client office pretty tired that day.

I will NEVER stay at this Marriott again. I've never had such a bad experience at a Marriott before. I always trust that if I stay at a Marriott that it will be 3 stars and above and I've never had issues before. I definitely will be reading reviews before I book at a Marriott again. My trust has been broken.

Filthy

I reserved a stay from 2/3-2/6 and unfortunately Mother Nature reeked havoc on the city of Austin with a ice storm. I understand that several businesses lost their power, but.. I believe it should have been communicated that this particular hotel lost power. I called Marriott customer service the evening before and was assured that this hotel had power.  The customer service agent even advised that I would get an email communication if the hotel lost power.  Imagine my shock when I pulled up to the hotel and it was dark.  Fortunately, I was able to make different arrangements.  This is extremely unprofessional and I would think Marriott would be better than this.  I booked through Hotwire, but this should have been communicated in some form via Marriott or Hotwire.  And yes, I will be leaving a review there too.  Do better.

first time at this location. Staff were excellent. Room was clean and comfortable. Even though it is near the highway, I couldn't hear any noise in my room.

I am an AVID member of Marriott. I tend to only stay with Marriott whenever possible. This hotel was awful. The front desk guy was awesome when we first arrived. But that's the only plus I can really say unfortunately. I'll start with the bedroom cleanliness. The shower was completely disgusting and chipped. (Picture below) the bed was halfway unmade with the fitted sheet not even on the bed on one side. The alarm clock was never reset from a power outage A WEEK AGO. Which showed me how  attention to the parking.... it was 50 degrees outside and pouring and ALL of the spots were taken up by these utility trucks taking up 4+ spots each that the rest of the customers were circling trying to find SOMEWHERE to park. And finally... the worst part of the entire stay is that there was no internet or cable at all for the whole hotel. Which we were not told about AT ALL when we checked in but it has been a problem for almost a week. I would've stayed at a different hotel had I been informed of this. And they only compensated me $22 for the room because I complained about not being compensated for the internet and cable issue. DEFINITELY DO NOT RECOMMEND. Stay at one of the other 10 hotels in the area.

Great location.  Helpful staff.

Good place to stay not too overpriced

Rooms are very clean and upgraded

Good place for long and short stay

Good hotel for long a short stay, you guys hace yo pay attention to a little cleaning details

The hotel isn't that clean and i had to change the room in the middle of the night because the bed sheets were really dirty, this shouldn't be a 3 star hotel

Actually a really nice, mellow place. Quiet and comfy beds. Everyone was really nice. Closed my bill in the pre authorization, everything great. Absolutely would stay again.

Neat and comfortable room. However their king bed was as big as my queen.

We had gotten it at a discount bringing the price down to 80 bucks but for the money that we spent and how pretty and kept this place was it was quite an experience location is a eh not many places a walk away but a couple food places nearby with a quick drive

Service was excellent except for breakfast lady...and the breakfast itself. She was rude and haughty. Potatoes tasted like cardboard fried in the grease you clean off grill. Bagel was cold. And $13.
Laundry room had washer that didn't spin out and when I told them, not even an apology.
But, room clean, quiet and had everything we needed in there.

Plush, conveniently located, clean, responsive staff, efficient, available.

Wonderful staff, clean crisply made beds in a relaxing setting are helping make a difficult time in my family's life easier.

Thank you, we are enjoying our stay

Really excellent service & clean areas!

The hotel charged unnecessary state occupancy tax on my bill. (I stayed there more than a month which means state occupancy tax should not be imposed). The staff promised to correct the credit card charge but I haven't heard any for 2 weeks.

Parking was limited. The shower soap bottle was empty and they didn’t bring another one. The towel hanging up had a big blood stain and someone else’s hair on it. No smoking rooms, which isn’t that big a deal just thought y’all should know. Wi-Fi has pretty good speed. Bed also had other people’s hair in it. Won’t be returning unless the whole Austin is sold out.

This place was very nice in all aspects

I've always loved the beds at Marriott properties, however, this one was not great like others.
I had requested some non feather pillows online and an extra blanket, but none of that was there and I didn't realize it until we were trying to go to sleep.
When I first walked in I thought one of the women at the front desk was wearing too much perfume, but it was actually a smell all over the facility. It smelled like someone sprayed perfume to cover up another smell.  It was especially strong and nauseating in the elevator.
Also,  if I'm checking out by noon,  why is the cleaning staff knocking on my door to clean my room at 9:30 in the morning? Just wait until I leave.

It certainly wasn't the best experience but it wasn't the worst either.
Oh, and a design flaw,  you have to get into the shower to turn it on,  which means you have to get sprayed with cold water.

Comfortable bed, Netflix on tv, good shower. Will stay again

Check in was great, the hotel is beautiful and clean. My room was great too, the bed was a little on the firmer side but that's just a personal preference the staff wouldn't be able to just fix for me. The person who checked me out could have smiled a bit more though, felt slightly rushed. Other than that. Two thumbs up

I would say this was not a bad hotel as far anesthetics, but the service wasn't as good. When we got there, the lady had us wait because she was being impatient with having the phone ring at the same time. And we  have all of our information ready but even then she felt as if we were rushing her. We asked about breakfast in the morning and she wasn't sure on her answer for the time. The bar for food and beverages weren't fully stocked and not sure if our fridge in the room was sopossed to be stocked with water but it wasn't. The room was clean, and decent. The location was convenient for busines, close to the freeway convince for people seeing the city and not just staying in.
The service is what made this place not a good stay.  Not sure, if I would recommend this place for a stay, as long as your find with your service not satisfactory.

I stopped in late yesterday to get a room. I asked how much for TWO NIGHTS they said 139+ tax. I repeated; for two nights?( Seemed pretty good so I wanted to make sure) They said YES, and repeated plus tax. Today I was charged 330$ I called and tried to resolve this as soon as I saw the charge. I was willing to leave immediately and not stay the second night as I am on a budget and this was an emergency situation that I had to rent a hotel. They said in short too bad sorry for the miscommunication I was already past check out. The charge wasn't on there until it was already past check out. Why would they even say an amount for 1 night when I asked how much for two?! Make it make sense! They gave me the wrong price and now I am way over my budget and I still need to rent a hotel for the rest of the week. This is wrong. I could have gone to someplace comparable for much less, and I would have if they were transparent about the price.

Friendly desk personnel (from the time I checked in until i checked out) and they were so helpful! The room was nice, roomy, and very cleaned. The location was just off the highway, easy access.

Clean, comfortable room. Friendly staff at the desk. When asked for a lunch recommendation, Giovanni gave a full list of his top picks, with rankings. He went the extra mile and that’s so impressive!

The location isn't bad. The lady at the front desk is polite and helpful. A smoothie king next door and the QT gas station across the highway are the only things immediate to the hotel. The rooms were fairly clean. I found a super long strand of hair not belonging to myself underneath my blanket. I normally bring my own blankets for trips..  lesson learned. Trash was in left in the parking lot by someone disrespectful of others property, but .. Maybe having ( lot attendance ) could help with keeping that fresh and clean appearance even outside.

Very mediocre....elevators were not clean....stayed for 2 nights.....no maid service,  no fresh towels....breakfast was supposed to be served at 6 am,  was not open on Friday (extremely poor management)....only consolation was that the front desk lady (Miriam) was very nice and accomodating; otherwise, would not recommend staying there!

Cleaning staffs not speak English.

This has been one of my favorite places to stay during the Covid era. it is a small hotel but the staff accommodated my every wish. Made great friends at the bar as we all stayed there while many things were  shut down. It is close to family and work and will continue to stay there when in town.

I had the worst experience of my traveling life so far at this hotel.

I got there at 11pm, and Hanaa and Justin at the front desk told me that they couldn't give me a room because they were overbooked and that they were sorry! I had paid $640 for 3 nights a month in advance and they didn't have a room for me.
They offered to give me a room at the Hilton Inn next door for no extra fee (??? the other hotel was cheaper anyways!). When I asked for a partial refund to cover the price difference, they told me that they can cancel my booking and I can go and find another hotel. Who does that? It's 11pm!

This is not the main problem though. As I was sitting in the lobby on the phone with my credit card company, multiple guests walked in and checked in. When I confronted them about them having rooms and not giving one to me, Hanaa said the other guest had "status"! Are you kidding me? is this an airport lounge? I had paid so much money and they had rooms, but didn't want to give me one because their greedy company had sold my room at higher rates to other guests.

It was a nightmare and very frustrating. I ended up staying at Hilton Inn next door, but definitely regretted that decision. You can read my review from Hilton Inn and see pictures of pubic hair in my sheets on Hilton Inn's page!

The hotel itself was really clean and nice! When you first walk in you are greeted with a fragrance overload that overwhelms your nose (It made me think of someone who sprays wayyyy too much cologne.) Have no idea what it is, but it's strong.
There were 3 of us (customers) who waited over 3-4 mins for someone to come to the front desk. Once she got there Check in was quick and easy.

Our room was clean for the most part, although we found wrappers/trash on the couch. And ants all over the counter.
We also had reservations for 4 guest and only had 2 towels. We called for more blankets, pillows, and towels and were told we needed to go back down to front desk to grab them. Would have been good to know all this upon checking in.

When we pulled out the "hide a bed couch" it had stains and no sheets at all, so we had to go back down to get those too...

We were also expecting to request a "roll a way bed" because the website says they have them available, so when we called for that, she said the hotel doesn't offer them because of fire hazards. That was the first I heard that. We travel with our kids and get those all the time. Especially if we pay extra for kids (guest per room) and told by the website it's available we expect to have that option. So that was a bummer.

The "breakfast" looked good on others plates. We got there before 8am, and they were out of almost everything except stale tortilla chips and shredded cheese and salsa. There was some bacon. But not much. It looked like only one lady working, and I could tell she was trying her best and she was nice. Thank goodness it wasn't too busy. There were only 4 families including ours at that time. I felt bad for her.

The front desk lady at check out wasn't friendly. I greeted her and she acted like she was bothered. She wasn't doing anything and there was no lines. I asked if I could check out and it was as if it was bothering her. Rolling her eyes and such. Then once checked out she asked if I wanted a receipt and I said please and the got another look of irritation 😅🙄

They already look short handed, but they may need some customer service training for any new employees. Just a suggestion.

Oh and the pool looked okay, a lot greener than you would like to see lol. But people were still swimming in it.

Workout room was small but had a good variety of things to use.

Nice and quiet good customer service

muy bien

Staff was great

Outdated room and hotel , room stunk and we had to switch 3 times , one elevator throughout all 4 floors , breakfast was nasty . Friendly people .

The hotel was super clean. I would've given a 5 for facility and a 4 for rooms.

It was the shower floors that was messed up in 3 different rooms that we asked to be moved to. We gave up and settled for one(we were exhausted).

But Miriam,front desk customer Assistant was STELLAR. She hung in there with us making sure we were satisfied. So patient, cordial, understanding and apologetic.

Overall, its really a nice location and nice clean environment.

Thank you Miriam for free breakfast  😋 😄🙏🏾

The hotel was located near everything!

The hospitality was amazing! The front dest staff was friendly and knowledgeable.

There of us were only thereb1 day but it was a great experience.

The beds were comfortable. The toilet flushed very loudly but other than that no complaints at all!! Would stay again!

We received the wrong room accommodations, provided false information twice and room service only addressed our room once during our four night stay without concern or apologies from the staff. Hotel was a great location and very clean, however this completely ruined our experience and put a damper on our vacation

Jonathan Martinez made check in an absolute pain in our butts. Started our stay off horribly after a long driving and traffic getting here. Very petty and uncalled for.

Beautiful room nice and clean place to stay.

I had issues turning the TV off. Hair was left in the shower. Front desk was nice and accommodating and worked to correct the issues as best he could.

Clean rooms, great service!

My only complaint is that our room was not ready until 3:10. When we arrived housekeeping was still cleaning. I do love the king suites.

A/C was not working in Room 106 and had to be serviced.  Also, I prepaid our breakfasts but they still charged us for eating breakfast every day!  Now I'm having to deal with trying to obtain reimbursement for these charges but keep getting the run-around from staff!  It's been SIX days and they still CANNOT reimburse me for the EXTRA charges for the breakfasts! I've spoken to at least 4-5 staff by telephone and they all say the same thing:  "I'll work on it right away! OR I will email you a receipt reversing the charges within 30 minutes! OR Well, you need to TELL the hotel staff that you have prepaid the breakfasts! (WHAT???? Can't they SEE that I've prepaid the food???)"  SO DISAPPOINTED!!! PLEASE BEWARE of UNNECESSARY CHARGES IF YOU STAY HERE!!!! YOU WILL NOT BE REIMBURSED!!!

The loudest hotel I have ever stayed at. The freeway is next door and the window seems like it is open. I measured ambient noise at 70+ decibels in my room.

Located near market on highway. Rooms are spacious and good room service.
suggestion to hotel management   - Keep black tea in hotel rooms and add some vegetarian items in morning breakfast

We stayed here this weekend. It was quiet, clean and relaxing. Great location, you are close to everything. Make sure you tell the front desk if you need your room cleaned. The only bad thing I can say is that we saw a roach the very last day we were here.

Melissa was great my room was clean nice and comfortable

Within the first two hours of my stay I declared this the best hotel stay I’ve ever had. The staff went above and beyond at every step. It you enter and are greeted by Hanaa or Melissa, you are in great hands.

Great place

Clean rooms, friendly staff & theres a bar & restaurant in the lobby. From the last night I was there the cook had called in sick I had just gotten off work and my boss dropped me off at the hotel I had no transportation and there's nothing within walking distance of the place to get food the woman at the counter was so gracious and made me some chicken fingers and fries she said it was the only thing she knew how to make and that was fine with me cuz I just needed some food it was the best chicken fingers and fries I'd had in some time!

Very professional and helpful staff. Definitely will recommend and stay at this location again.

The hotel was a great stay room was clean and fresh towels I enjoyed my stay

At check in we learned that the key making system was inoperable and a backup key was not available for our room.  The courteous and helpful staff escorted us to our room each time and extended free breakfasts for our inconvenience.  The rooms were very clean and the beds were extremely comfortable.

Overall we were happy with the room and with one exception appreciated the staff.  However, almost every hotel we have stayed over many years of traveling offers a free breakfast and this one did not.

Very nice and clean. And great location.

We checked in at 2:30 am Sunday the front desk guy was nice however when we got to our room the sheets were dirty with red stains on it! I asked multiple times if we can have sheet change and no one ever came to change them! Friendly staff but dirty rooms!

Lovely stay. Quiet enough given proximity to roads and airport. 5 stars for being exactly what was expected in this bracket.

The hotel was in a convenient location to downtown Austin, clean and well maintained.  The staff was friendly and very accommodating by allowing us to store our bicycles in an unused meeting room overnight.

Decent hotel,  but your gym equipment needs some serious work. When are hotels going to realize how important their gyms are in 2022 ?! Broken equipment is unacceptable. I’ve never seen free weights in this bad of condition. I’ve attached a pic so everyone can see. Next time I’m in the Austin area I will definitely choose another hotel.

Easy hotel, we were just there for the night and there was good food choices near by and it was easy to access. Loved that they had overnight security in the parking lot because there was a sketchy looking couple in a beat up car driving around the parking lot as if they were scoping it out. Tile around the pool is pretty slick so be aware. My three year old couldn't stand without falling while we were trying to wrap her in a towel

Great hotel! I enjoyed my stay. It was clean, comfortable, and great service. Great for people who are in town on business. The lobby is set up in a way where you can work and feel comfortable. Also have a small bar in the lobby which is very nice if you do feel like having a drink. In addition, it’s in a great location with stores and restaurants close by. I asked for a late checkout because I had a conference call at the exact time I was supposed to checkout and the staff was very accommodating. My only complaint is the bed was very uncomfortable for me. I woke up with some back pain. Other than that, nice hotel 🏨

My car along with two others were broken into. The hotel knew and did not let us know. We had to find out just as we were about to leave. On top of that, the hotel is on private property, so the police did not get involved. I don’t understand why hotel security has a large enough gap in their schedule to not be monitoring the parking lot at 10am… hotel informed us that security doesn’t arrive until 11am… whoever robbed my things and the other cars, was smart enough to know when to do it… beware your stay here. As I did not have anything extremely valuable in the car, but something as small as a pair of prescription glasses encouraged someone to break in and take them.

I hate to leave bad reviews but this is what happened. My husband and I are from El Paso, we called 2 weeks in advanced too make a reservation for 3 days . Told us it would be a certain price over the phone, and we even had a confirmation number that was sent to our email to prove it. We get to the hotel around 3am and the guy in the front tells my husband he’s sorry but the price is actually almost $900 for 3 nights. We where so tired, we said to only charge one night. We go back at 7 to try and fix everything . Got charged for 3 nights, not one !!! The man in the front dint have the courtesy to apologize or try and work with us . He was kinda like “ that’s your problem know “.

Room was dirty upon arrival. Pillows sucked asked for some new ones 3 times and still never received any. Ended up checking out at 3am and just going home. Front desk guy didn’t offer any resolution to our issues.

The pictures on the website did not show the actual rooms that were listed.

Comfortable and clean location.  Kid friendly.  Would give it four stars, but we didn't even have bar soap stocked in our rooms and had to use shampoo to wash our hands until we went to the front desk (the body wash was also empty).  Context - I suspect that labor shortages + the stress of spring break related events like SxSW lead to a lot of stress on Austin hotels, so at the end of the day I really appreciate that the room itself seemed very clean and the beds were supportive and comfortable.  I think I will start to pack my own soap + bath goods because almost none of the hotels we've used on recent trips were appropriately stocked!!!
I know breakfast is a big deal for some people, we paid for breakfast and on the plus side it's not as expensive as a fancy resort hotel... so take it as you will.  Breakfast is not complimentary, $14 will get you eggs + bacon + skillet potatoes.  Complimentary weak tasting coffee, but you can pay at the bar for Starbucks drinks.  The "complimentary" breakfast consists of muffins, granola bars, and apples.  I could see this being very upsetting for some people.  We didn't end up using the indoor pool, it is small but if there is bad weather having an indoor pool may be quite nice.  If you are travelling with small kids, I highly recommend "Walnut Creek Metropolitan Playground" which is almost next door.  It's an outdoors park with lots of trails and the playground is one of the nicest we've seen.  We were able to get there way before the weekend crowds since the hotel was so close so we went to the park right after breakfast!!!

I went on a mini trip with my friends and stayed at a Marriott since I was a member. It was super affordable and the location was very ideal, away from traffic. The room was clean and super spacious for a double queen room. We stayed one night but had such a good experience. Would definitely stay again!

Very nice! Clean hotel, but no nearby restaurants, so I had to wait to go downtown for food

This is not what I was expecting from Marriott. No room service cleaning. Breakfast was a farce. Security is lacking. When your website says you have a pool you should have it working. 
Most of the Front Desk Staff was accommodating but it still took 3 people and two days to figure out my Son’s bill after having to leave a day early.

Beautiful hotel. Stayed here for 3 days over the weekend. Was not over priced and only 15 minutes to SXSW Festival.

Great service! Loved the indoor pool!

Rundown, poor service, still blaming covid for lack of customer service and staff.

Comfortable with helpful staff

The staff and management were both accommodating and extremely helpful.  We had a great time, even though it was a very busy stay, due to other special events, causing the Hotel to be very crowded.

Our stay at the Courtyard was a great experience!! The staff greeted us with a smile and accommodated all our needs and requests. Special thanks to Hanna for going above to make us feel at home. The facility was very clean.

The room was quiet and really clean

Great stay from check-in to check-out.

Avoid, avoid, avoid.
I booked here through 3rd party (bookings.com) a month prior to my arrival. I come in at 11am, the manager himself tells me nothing is available till 3:00pm check in. Ok no problem I’ll come back at 3. I come back and he proceeds to tell me they were overbooked and they pushed me off to another Marriott up the road. I get to my room over there and it is absolutely disgusting. Socks left under the sheets, shower still dirty,etc. i call them to help me out and they said they can’t do anything for me that the 3rd party vendor has to do something about it. Then i go to to bookings.com and they said they can’t help me. Do yourself a favor and just avoid being in this situation at all costs. If i can prevent just one person from booking here, I’ll be more then happy.

Comfortable and the staff was fantastic!

I was charge for breakfast and no breakfast was available only one day of my stay but it’s was just 3 options eggs bacon and potatoes. That’s not a continental breakfast. Our rooms were not serviced at all and the front desk was not available at times.

Clean and convenient location. Lacking in some areas, for example, the lighting in the rooms at night were a tad dark, a few bulbs were either out or the wrong wattage, shower conditioner was empty which I
didn't realize until I was in the shower. All in all, it wouldn't deter me from staying again, it seemed more from difficulty of short staffing rather than negligence as all the staff we came across were very helpful.

DO NOT STAY HERE!

We had an awful experience the moment we arrived. The hotel was overbooked, so they attempted to move us to another hotel, however we had a credit on file that we could only use at this hotel. Low and behold they find a room, which was a monstrosity. There were bugs, appliances barely being held together by glue and a foul stench in the room/hall. Furthermore, the service there is awful. They did not find the credit we had on file (even though we have a confirmation email and verbal confirmation from one of there employees). So they told us they needed to follow up with their manager before they could apply us with the credit. Fine. Furthermore, at checkout someone else had already checked our room out so we were not able to see the final charges billed. Weeks later after no communication from the management or staff, they explain the credit is expired (we had no knowledge or written policy about credit experation). This whole experience was completely awful and unnecessary for a terrible hotel. This is not a 3-star hotel or experience. I’ve had better experience or stays at Motel 6. Rest assured if you have any issues at this hotel DO NOT expect them to get resolved in proper timeline or with good customer service. Their operations manager is a joke.

Danielle is amazing great customer service!

Clean. Masks worn by most staff. Out of soap and shampoo on day 1. Plenty of parking. Not a great road to approach to the property. Decent value for money.

Nice hotel, really like the lobby set up. Looks really stylish. The TV in our room where big, I was surprised. Well done Courtyard. The housekeepers are also really friendly.

While your hotel facilities were excellent, the fact that you falsely claim 51% status is immoral and probably illegal.

5 Stars Everything was in order, fast check in, great service !

Will not to going to this location again .

Much nicer courtyard than I'm used to. The room was huge and it was conveniently located within 10 miles or less of my destinations.

For $119 per night, free breakfast should be included.
Hotels should have non-allergenic pillows instead of feather or down.
A nice room and the water pressure in the shower was excellent.

Service is good...rooms are really clean n comfortable.

Excellent hotel. Hotel was clean, modern and comfortable. The room was cozy and the bed was super comfortable. Really liked the room layout. Hotel lobby and staff were nice also. My only complaint is not having a safe in the room. Other than that everything was great, even the view from the room was nice. Location is good. Parking is well lit and felt safe.

Very clean and quiet! Enjoyed my stay

Really nice rooms, very comfy bed and really clean

My visit There was very good!

The hotel needs renovation, especially the Gym and room (mattress).  The Breakfast option is deficient.  However, staff is really friendly and spaces are ample and quiet.  I would return because of the value for the money but would be willing to pay more if it was remodeled.

It was a great trip, and the hotel and its staff were exemplary!

Great customer service

Super friendly staff.  It is a modern hotel, clean rooms and it is more a business trip hotel.  You can buy Starbucks coffee   in the morning and a cocktail during the evening.

If you want a terrific night's sleep in a super quiet comfortable modern room, I recommend the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane. They have a little bistro for 'snacks' -- for me this was a full dinner with a ceaser salad and fried chicken :-). It's a bit north of downtown, to be sure, but also half the price of downtown hotels. And no charge for parking right by the door. Personally, I thought it was well worth it.

HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE !!    Don’t waste you money on this place and subsequently, you rating Here’s why !!!…
The second night I come back from work they didn’t make my bed or change my towels They make me go down to office to grab it myself it , I was so disgusted and disappointed about such a horrible experience shame on y’all to for having bad service . ¡WRONG PLACE TO STAY!

We chose a Marriott hotel for convenience and this was the worst stay we ever had. There was no space for parking, they had a notice that said they are working on the parking lot and it would end on Dec. 24. We were there on Dec. 28, and they're not done and have not made allowances for guest parking. The room given to us had trash by the chair and behind the TV. They informed us they offer breakfast until 10 am, we went down at 9:30 and they said there is no breakfast. This has been the most inconvenient hotel stay ever.

Staff not responsive to guests concerns. They allowed an alarm clock to ring in the unocuppied next room for 2 hours because they claimed they did not have a key to open the door. Also the toilet ran all night. At my request I was moved to a bed room for the next night's stay but was told repeatedly that the manager was unavailable to address my concerns.

Traveling for work, staying here a week.

Anjelica absolutely ruined this experience and subsequently, your rating.
Here’s why…

When I asked Hannah and Jen (who work in the morning/evening) to store some items in the fridge (because our room had a fridge that is about 2cubic feet) they said
“Absolutely no problem, we will leave a sticky note on it so everyone knows”
and we were absolutely thrilled with that. So they went ahead and put our ice cream in their freezer.

Fast forward to that same night when Anjelica (who works nights) to store our employee’s lunches in their fridge I was met with a resounding
“No, we don’t do that, no.”

So beyond immediately ruining any good experience that could have happened she decided for an alternative and that was to ruin the entire experience of this stay.

A little guest training can go a long way, and I know a good first candidate for that. Anjelica.

For value, this is a bit of a hidden gem in Austin. Extra friendly staff, recently remodeled, comfortable bed and convenient location, 35 at Parmer. I’ll definitely be back.

Very comfortable but a free breakfast would be a plus. Good free coffee available in the lobby in the morning.

Lovely made service

This is a really nice hotel to stay  and i especially thanks to receptionist guy for his great service

Very disappointed and surprised  that there was not a complementary breakfast at all. Other comparable and less expensive hotels do.
Also when inquired what the breakfast time began, the front desk clerk at check in told me one time and the morning when we came down it was not open yet and when I asked the front desk clerk on duty Saturday morning she told us another time in a rude manner and tone of voice.
We did like the room and other clerks were pleasant

This is probably the nicest hotel you can stay at this price. The staff here is very friendly and helpful. I like the layout of the rooms and having a restaurant and bar downstairs is a big deal.

Hotel is in a convenient location for my work. Some restaurant choices close by. Staff is always friendly.

One complaint was traffic noise at night. Otherwise, it was a nice stay.

Great location - easy to get to all areas of Austin.  The staff offered great customer service from the front desk to the Cafe.  Will stay here again,

I always stay here when I'm in Austin. The staff is very friendly and the rooms are nice. It's nice to be recognized by the front desk staff each time I'm here 😁

When an emergency happened I was able to reserve a room online and check-in online without any issues.

Staff were very rude at check out time. Contradicted themselves several times about Hotel Policy.

Friendly staff upon fast check-in. Room was clean and spacious.

Great location! Near everything we needed! Only complaint would be that our restroom was dirty. Urine on toilet seat. Hairs in the shower drain.

1 key didn't work, there was a big super loud blowtorch for a heater was too loud to watch TV or sleep so kept it off and was cold, no cups for coffee, no shampoo or soap for shower

Awesome place,  love the shower and location.  Convenient location definitely..Will return...

The hotel hosted kids soccer teams who spent the entire weekend running through the halls yelling and screaming, blocking and jamming elevators, (no masks being worn) , pressing all floors on the elevator etc. The hotel did not respond to this and did not try to move my wife and I despite of "Elite status"

nice hotel near Austin. Staff friendly Free showtime

I wish all the hotels we stayed in were like this. The bed was so comfortable! Everything was clean and esthetically pleasing.

Rooms where pretty up to date and clean. Wish the shower was a little more up to date. The staff is very accommodating. The dining is subpar and only available at limited times. Overall enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.

Everything was great.  Staff was very helpful.

Marriott staff ransom lost cooler full of liquor

More like 0 stars. Hair on towels. This is why I will never, ever, spend my own money to stay in this place they call a hotel chain. Stayed in Aloft in southern California before: layers of dust everywhere you can imagine. Worst hotel chain in the world.

Only thing I didn't  care for was the breakfast  menu. I feel like if I am going to pay $12 for breakfast I should have more options

Update: The company provided a discount and applied to the visit and refunded a percentage back.

Friendly Friendly staff.

No coffee to drink except the burnt star bucks coffee at the Cafe thing and the bistro area.
Coffee ☕ in the room wasn't available because something was growing inside of the coffee pot.

Room was clean, beds 🛌 were fine, and the building was clean.

Another con was that there wasn't any food.

I had stayed at this hotel several times as they had provided excellent service and good breakfast named as the "Bistro". When I made the reservation for 4 nights of the recent stay, I chose "Room and Breakfast rate" as I used to do. The rate is explained as "This package includes breakfast for 1 up to 20 USD that can be
used at our Bistro." When I checked out, however, they charged the breakfast in addition to the room rate. I claimed about it to the staffs, but they responded that Courtyard does not offer complimentary breakfast. Finally, they said they would refund $20 for $46.9 of total they charged. They have not refunded even a penny so far. Regarding the quality of breakfast, that was just terrible. They did not offer the Bistro breakfast as they used to do. In stead, the restaurant served only egg, bacon, and potato, which were no better than what Fairfield or Residence Inn serves as complementary. They also served the worst Starbucks coffee I had ever had. It looked like that was diluted 2X. In addition, the service was very slow. I understand the COVID restrictions, but I would never stay at this hotel in future.

Excellent front desk service...Fairfield who?

Really enjoyed our stay here. The hotel was clean and convenient for our training. The staff was very helpful.

Clean awesome night desk clerk

Very nice, very clean, wonderful staff, shared some laughs with the front desk staff. Beds were not too hard, thank the Gods. :)  Loved having Starbucks available right there at the bar. The lobby was amazing, very nice area to hang out in the common areas around the lobby and bar area. Will return.

Terrible customer service

The physical location of this hotel itself is great - easy access to the interstate, and not too far from all the great stuff. The staff is also very accommodating and friendly.

However, my gripe is the cleanliness of the room.
Someone decided to leave a present in the bathroom, and while I understand that it's a natural human function, flushing would be appreciated. In addition, there were dirty washcloths hanging over the shower... Very stale and hard washcloths. I am going to stay positive and assume they were used for cleaning.

In addition to this, the pull out couch was filthy. Covered in crumbs, popcorn remnants, and what appeared to be a couple dead worms. Needless-to-say, our child slept with us that night.

I am a fan of Marriott hotels, and I will continue to book them. But this particular location is questionable, at this time.

Always excellent service, friendly staff and cleanliness of room.

The physical location of this hotel itself is great - easy access to the interstate, and not too far from all the great stuff. The staff is also very accommodating and friendly.

However, my gripe is the cleanliness of the room.
Someone decided to leave a present in the bathroom, and while I understand that it's a natural human function, flushing would be appreciated. In addition, there were dirty washcloths hanging over the shower... Very stale and hard washcloths. I am going to stay positive and assume they were used for cleaning.

In addition to this, the pull out couch was filthy. Covered in crumbs, popcorn remnants, and what appeared to be a couple dead worms. Needless-to-say, our child slept with us that night.

I am a fan of Marriott hotels, and I will continue to book them. But this particular location is questionable, at this time.

I arrived late and wasn't able to check in. The receptionist just turned me away and said it's their policy.  I am very upset and will dispute the charges with my credit card company.

Exelente customer service and very nice place.

Awesome experience here. Was very interesting place people were very nice and helpful.

The room carpet by the couch was soaking wet. Don't know what is extra charge for call which everyone have personal phone why we need to call from the room.

The staff were welcoming and kind. I asked if I could check in an hour earlier, and they were able to accommodate for me. The people at the front desk were really nice. Overall a nice stay.

Self explanatory
Bugs were present in the bed. Therefore I could not sleep. This was Not conducive to maximum performance on my examination.

The hotel staff was rude and unhelpful. The room had a bad smell and mold in the shower.  I requested a different room and was told to wait until the morning. The following morning the front desk staff seemed annoyed to have to help.  They offered another room then changed their mind.  At 10:30pm they called to offer a different room. Not up to the Marriot standard.

I feel like this place is a bit old because a lot of things were broken like one of the toilet paper holders, the light, and the mini-fridge didn't have a strong magnetic hold. I was in a handicap room, but I think it was a poor design because the the shower always flooded half the bathroom floor. I wouldn't stay here again but it wasn't entirely uncomfortable and it was the cheapest option at the time.

Room was very well laid out, comfortable bed, excellent A/C, nice water pressure in shower, great furniture, amazing black out curtains, courteous front desk person upon check in, super friendly bartender, yummy wings, decent parking.  What I didn't like was that I was told there would be breakfast and there wasn't any breakfast offered. Front desk person at check out wasn't very happy to be at work. Also, construction at front entrance into parking lot was on & off = very confusing.

What a joke.

The room is nice. However, since we are staying for 3 nights, we were told there would not be a maid entering the room until after we left.

The staff is very professional and helpful and the rooms are clean and comfortable!

It's a hotel.

The staff is awesome! I Really enjoyed my stay at this location.

My reservation was completely messed up. I did not get the room I wanted and reserved. The desk clerk was nice and polite but it was unacceptable that we were late to our plans because we had to spend a good amount of time being put in rooms that weren't what I asked for.

Felt welcomed in Austin, Tx I will be definitely coming back!

I made a reservation at this hotel because the reviews were good in Expedia. The place looks nice but in the room we found a cockroach and at the gym. We stayed for two nights and our body was itching the next morning. I don’t know if it’s bed bugs or they just don’t wash the bed sheets how they should. The Pool was super cold we couldn’t even get in and the Starbucks coffee place that they say they have open in the lobby is never open.  I don’t recommend this hotel to a friend or family member.

Room service was excellent. Housekeepers and Front desk were Amazing. The rooms were amazingly clean! Definitely staying here again when I come back to Austin!

I would stay again. Location is convenient

Clean, well kept facility.

This was the best stay ever. Just a cozy little home away from home. The view is astonishing. Truly the best these guys.

Great place

Excellent location, excellent staff, and meets are expectations during new pandemic standards.  Kudos to all the management & staff.  It was a pleasure staying here once again.  See you soon!

Beautiful hotel with great amenities

I only stay at Marriott hotels, I will certainly be back at this property, when I had a concern it was addressed immediately and they made me feel like a valued customer. Thank you Aaron R. for your outstanding customer service !

Nice staff

Front desk only lied that there would be breakfast the next day every day for 4 days. Torn towels.

The hotel was fairly good but there were some minor issues. When I first walked in  everything looked nice and organized, but with more deeper inspection I saw that the carpets had stains and the sofas had chips and chewed plastic bottle caps. The bathroom shower didn't look like it was clean  because there was so grime still on it. That was all I noticed throughout my trip, everything else was fine. Staff were great, lobby and rooms was finely decorated too.

Bed. Was good

This hotel is clean, well maintained with a great, accommodating staff. Guest rooms are nicely appointed if you need to hop on a virtual, camera on meeting. The location is close to stores, restaurants and safe for GrubHub, DoorDash, UberEats etc… deliveries. It’s also reasonably priced. Can’t miss with this one!

I got beat up outside this hotel and the GM said I deserved it.

I spend a lot of time at this place. Other than the occasional loud people (usually on the weekends) next to me,  it's been a great hotel. Jenna is awesome!

We had a good stay in a spacious suite at this Marriott. The bed was rather comfortable! The exterior and entry from the feeder don't look the most inviting but you should be able to get a decent night's rest. TV had netflix (if you have an account). Guest laundry available on floors and an ATM & boarding pass printing station at the lobby. Do wish they'd pay some attention to the finer details though. When the new CEO openly said he'd rather be more sympathetic to the hotel owners than the actual guests, I expected some corners to be cut. Complimentary Wifi is okay for browsing and messaging but you'd have to purchase the $5 premium Wifi for streaming (note: premium WiFi is free for Gold or Elite members). There is no complimentary or hot breakfast yet but their Starbucks machine was broken too. That was a tad disappointing. The bathroom was okay but not entirely spotless. Air conditioning felt a bit "unrefined" and can hit your throat if you're directly in the line of its outflow. As for location, it's 20 mins from downtown and Mt. Bonnell and about 30-40 mins from some of the Lake Travis state parks.

Two stars because of the overall quality of this property. However, I had a bad experience with the linens in my room. They get zero stars.

When I pulled back the bedspread to get in bed, I could see the mattress pad through the very thin and worn sheets! I called the front desk to ask for replacement sheets and was told by a female receptionist, “I’m not sure we have any other sheets for the bed.” I explained the problem and asked if they could just drop off king size sheets and I would change the bed myself. In short order, a man knocked at my door with sheets  when I went to out them on, there was a test in center of the fitted sheet and a stain at the foot. I’m sure it was washed, but using turn and stained sheets??!!! Come on! I used them and told myself “never again here.”

Hopefully this was just one bad experience but it ruined my stay at this hotel for good.

Very nice place to stay

The room I booked was not the room I received. It did not appear enhanced safety cleaning measures had been in place. The bed was not that comfortable nor were the pillows might be time to replace. The room stayed dark with the black out curtains which was very nice however the light in the hallway came under the door and made it bright. It wasnt a bad stay. Definitely needs more parking and a different set up for checking in.

5 star customer service: Staff gave me a great long term rate and was very kind throughout my stay. I was hoping to stay here throughout my long term visit to Austin, however the cleanliness of the halls and room just kept declining more than the rate was worth.

3 star room: Upon arrival, shower door handle was broken, shower tile cracked & peeling up.

2 star housekeeping: Although I was told housekeeping needed to be requested, they came in without request which was frustrating as many of my personal belongings were out that I would've preferred to put away rather than them doing it for me...The halls constantly had trash left there despite housekeeping coming in and out of our hall daily. There was an eyelash extension that was there the day I checked in through the day I checked out as well as an open pizza box for two days and they ran out of clean towels for three days. Last straw for early check out? In addition to the stained sheets that was replaced during housekeeping, while visiting, my partner found a used tampon on his side of the bed (that I clearly wouldn't have seen as I only get into bed on the side I sleep on) totally gross, checked out the next day. Pay $20/night more and stay at a cleaner, better maintained  place.

Great service overall. Would recommend staying again

Not what I expected out of a Marriott!

First time in a very long time that blow dryer was missing at a hotel. No breakfast options provided at all. But room was clean although needed updating. I used a USB port on the back of the TV to charge my phone bc most places have ports in the room. Finally found them on the arm of the little couch as I was leaving. AC unit in room was loud.

The Marriott was fine---clean and adequate. There was no housekeeping while we were there, so I made the bed myself and cleaned up daily. I would have preferred if Marriott did that part, for the money.

The maintenance was not at all good. They don’t have extra towels or blankets and out of all of them. Not a comfortable stay

From the moment that I arrived my corriente was poor. The lack of communication was terrible because I was not made aware of the house keeping situation. Upon entering my room I noticed the stains on the carpet and the bed. It took multiple attempts in contacting them for my sheets to be replaced. I found something nasty next to the bed between the night stand. Even after checkout my experience communicating with someone about my experience has been terrible.

Front desk was nice. Rooms clean. Swimming area nice and clean. Nice area. No fresh breakfast but understandable due to Covid.

During my stay, road construction was ongoing, so get in and out from parking to feeder road, is require extreme awareness of coming traffics and road hazards.
Elevator floor was always dirty with dried up mud, that is why I was discouraged from using the gym, because obviously cleaning was not in high priority during the Pandemic, not as advertised.  Very disappointed..

I've been staying at the hotel since it opened.  It has really gone down over the past 12-18 months.  I understand it has been during COVID, but it has fallen more than others I've staying in.  Just not well kept.

Service people were very helpful very clean and great hospitality

Bad outdated,  dirty hotel

I didn't receive my 20.00 deposit back from any one of the hotels after my stay

Great hotel

Heard people all night with a conversation at 4am that was so loud, I could have participated in it.

It was an all around great staym

This was our first trip since covid...the staff was helpful, friendly, and accommodating. We had a great stay

Everything was nice and the staff was nice the only thing was my sheets when I checked in had old blood stains I called and got new ones

We picked this location because it was close to my brother's place. It was near plenty of places to eat. HEB and Wal-Mart are nearby in case you forget something. Staff was great.

Very disappointed, at every level. Not the same and expected at a Marriott!

Overall the hotel was clean, beds were comfortable. Due to Covid, I assume, the restaurant was closed which was not told to us ahead of time. No exhaust fan in the restroom, mildew/mold around the tub and shower curtain needed to be washed or replaced. The front desk staff was less than friendly. You can hear the neighbors and the highway, from your indiv room. The pool is indoors and was too cold for the kids to use. Coffee was not available, the downstairs machine was in ‘cleaning mode’ the entire weekend.

Our stay was good. The suite room was fun and the hotel staff was great. The one negative was the pool - the water was discolored and had a slimy feel to it. We were attracted to this hotel because of the indoor pool option. If the water was balanced, I would have no negatives and recommend this hotel.

For what I paid, absolutely not satisfied with the quality of the room and the stay overall

I requested early check-in; also requested my 2 rooms to be together - no one complied with the request!

Go team!!!!  Stephanie, Amy, Maher, Jenna, Hannah, Every other person I don’t know their name, especially the guy in the morning that mops the floor who does an amazing job every day . Thank you from the bottom of my heart everything y’all do makes my life a little bit easier and I appreciate y’all.

Excelente servicio y muy buena ubicación al Norte de Austin con tiendas y restaurantes cerca 👌

I like this hotel but man the bed is so hard I didn't get any sleep. If they were to change that. This place would be perfectly fine.thank god there is a sofa bed in the room as well

During my stay there was an unacceptable amount of yelling and loud noises coming from the hallways and adjacent rooms due to other guests. I called the front desk and the employee said they would, "take a walk down the hallway'" but this did not alleviate the issue. I am not sure why other guests would behave in such a way - especially since they were adults- but the hotel should have well-enforced policies regarding noise levels to ensure all guests can enjoy their stay. When I book a hotel with Marriott I would like to know that I can sleep through the night with out disruptive noises occurring at 1-3 AM.

They tried to upcharge me from the advertised $93.00 to 129.00 a night. There was no Continental Breakfast as advertised. I was told i could order breakfast, but noone was in the restaurant. I was told Courtyard caters to business travelers......no.

Horrible stay. Bed FELT like bricks!! All amenities  looked impressive and when  we ARRIVED they were trash!! Tiny over chemical treated pool!! No room service! Unpleasant hotel staff.

I had the most terrible and embarrassing experience there. I’ve been a Marriott rewards member for years and book no where else and pride myself on being one. We had a family event this weekend and one of my family members needed access to one of the many rooms I booked. When I asked to authorize her gentleman Omar declined her to even get a room key to MY room regardless of the fact that I had my confirmation number along with name and Membership number. And on TOP of that placed me on hold and I called back several times while she was there to speak to a manger and he refused to answer my call. She was not able to attend our family gathering and I was beyond disappointed. Along with that, there were water roaches in TWO of the rooms I booked in the restroom. I will not ever recommend Marriott again. Extremely disappointed.

First I'll say the room was clean, bed was comfortable, and staff were great.  There were a lot of problems with my stay, but they were good about fixing them.  Biggest issue was the coffee. I haven't been to a hotel where there wasn't (free) coffee in the lobby somewhere.  I paid WAY too much for a cup of (too strong) starbucks coffee from their machine there.  (which I could not drink) Room keys kept failing (they fixed them quickly) - AC was out in the room I was first assigned (they quickly moved me) - Just, a bad luck stay I think.

Room wasn't ready at check-in time but other than that the hotel was great. Clean rooms and friendly staff.

Great location if you need a base location near I-35 and want to be near downtown but not staying downtown.

Best possible place clean and professional and cheap wat more an you ask for

Enjoyed my stay, very comfortable room and staff was very helpful. Masks must be worn in the hotel.

Feel free to stay here if you don't like to enjoy complimentary coffee or breakfast even if it is added into your booking. They aren't cleaning rooms right now unless requested (which I understand). Pillows are useless (LITERALLY THE WORST I'VE EVER USED) unless you just like to use your arm to sleep anyways. The coffee I did pay for was awful. There are people hanging out outside drinking and smoking all night, not necessarily on the hotel but they leave beer bottles everywhere. Just stay there if you have to, but don't go out of your way to book it.

Felt like I was living in a cheap motel. No daily cleaning service, no breakfast arrangement, loud music in evenings, parties with no one wearing masks, ...

Cozy home

Most comfortable beds of anywhere I've stayed in Austin. Very clean and the staff was helpful and friendly. This is my first-choice in Austin.

The overall experience was not pleasant because of new Courtyard policies. I was told Springhill suites and Fairfield still offer complementary breakfast

$138 room and NO complimentary Breakfast was provided. Lady thst checked us in did say there was one but there was not.

This place has a strange odor. The cleaning was not up to par inside the guest rooms or bathrooms.

Not much interest from staff to wifi issues. Dozens of cigarette butts by a smoker bench at the front door.

This is a basic hotel where you are required to notify the front desk the day before if you want your room cleaned. After I questioned why it was not I was informed of the policy. It was then cleaned each day although not restocked with hand towels, soap, shampoo - little things which are usually expected.

Too noise it. Insulation issues

My room was clean but I don’t think I would ever stay here ever again

The staff is always prompt to help or answer all questions, no matter how busy they are. The rooms and lobby is always clean.

Will def return. Everything was great

Extremely noisy if your room is facing the highway. No insulation at all. You can even hear people’s ring tone from the room next door. My wife and I could not sleep at all after 3  guesses  walked by their room at 12:30 am decided to  talk loud in the hall.

I stayed with Courtyard Friday through Sunday. The room was perfect my kids were really excited to swim. The stay was friendly and welling to assist with anythjng we needed.

Paper thin walls, stained sheets, I-35 all night long.

The stay itself was okay, but the check-in and check-out process could have been a lot more professional. I made reservations the previous night before arrival. The phone rep could not access the CLC system to use as my method of payment but told me that she would reserve the room and that I could present the CLC card at check-in. Once I arrived the next day, I stated to the counter person (Amy) what the reservations agent told me. Amy stated that the information was incorrect and that the hotel was no longer a part of the CLC program, and that she would have to charge me the higher room rate. I declined and told her to cancel my reservation. Immediately after that, I went out to my vehicle and used the CLC online reservation system to let them reserve a room at this same hotel. Five minutes later I received an email from CLC with a reservation number and went right back in and checked in with Amy. She didn't seem too pleased that I was able to get my room at the discounted rate, but proceeded to check me in. I have traveled and stayed at my share of hotels and can detect attitudes, bad and good. Her's was not good. Upon check out the next morning, I'm almost certain it was with the same clerk, but when I put my key in the little box at the counter, I told her that my room should show it as direct billed. She checked and said that I was all set. However, there was not a "thank you", "have a nice day", or any other appreciation for my business. This to me is unprofessional at a minimum, but I have definitely experienced better. Not sure what will be done, but I would think that better social training is a start.

clean and entertaining

Thank you to all the staff including Jeff, Maher, Amy and Hannah! This is a great crew with a professional and friendly manner.

Our room smelled musty and like urine when we arrived. Unable to use the indoor pool due to a child pooping outside of it. Sign was not visible enough to see that pool was closed. The mess was not cleaned up right away.

The staff was nice and our room was clean. Bed was comfortable.

Staff, facilities, and overall service are hands down the best I’ve ever received.  Thank you Amy, Stephanie, Hannah, Mercedes, Jeffrey, Andrea, Maher(sorry if I misspelled it).  Keep up the amazing job I really do appreciate it.

Decepcionado eran nuestros favoritos pero en el baño había pelos de arriba y abajo y las fundas de las almohadas arrugadas como si las habían usado momentos antes.

Muy bueno

Non working fridge the first night only to wake up to a non working coffee pot and having no other option to purchase over priced coffee in the lobby due to someone not available to check on coffee pot. In my opinion, they could’ve game me another pot. Website stated that breakfast was provide but there was none available. Apparent we have to buy from their little store in the lobby. We asked the front desk agent what was available and she said she will have to see what they have in the back. We stood there just waiting for her to go check but she never went to go check. So I then asked for a manager, she said he won’t be in until 1pm. So I  Left my number for Manager to call me when he got in at 1pm, never got a call back so my BF had to go to front desk to speak to a manager at around 6pm the same day. He spoke to the manager about our experience since check in. Manager gave him 2 free coffee but still our coffee pot wasn’t replaced or repaired. Overall, our experience wasn’t pleasant at all. Service was just not good.

Always a great stay. 

The Hotel is extremely clean, the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Especially the night manager and the bar keeper. They really know the area.

We appreciate the staffs encouragement/endorsement of wearing masks. 

These guys really work as team and the appearance of the hotel proves this. 

We choose this hotel due to location in reference to family and friends (great restaurants as well)

Great hotel for an extremely reasonable price. Indoor pool was quite nice! The bed was not too hard and not too soft. The furnishings were great in the room as well.
The water pressure seemed a little low, but just be sure to keep turning the shower head and you'll find the setting to make it come out enough for a good shower.  Location was very convenient to shopping and dining.
I will definitely be staying there again.

Location was great for all we did, indoor pool loved by the kids, wish water was heated. Hotel was clean and staff was pleasant.

I always enjoy the stay. Never had an issue with service or room.

Room was not ready on time. Carpet and sofa had stains. Room needed to be updated. No blanket on bed only sheet and very thin top cover. Toilet seat was broken. Staff was not friendly. Two very young females running front desk.

Very clean...rooms were nice and well kept.  Pool deck was washed down often and clean. Lobby was very clean as well. No breakfast, but that’s ok.  Staff was very helpful and so kind, even when hotels.com messed up my reservation...very polite people! Would definitely stay again!

Front desk staff appeared intoxicated, our key did not work.. staff member had to come up to the room and was unable to get into the room and had to go back downstairs. Extended wait time, employee very unprofessional with cursing and multiple racial comments.

I wish I could write a good review. We stayed on 02/26/21 and the main issue was no water pressure the room needed updating too.

No water pressure. Wifi did not work on kids phone. Remote only works if pointed specifically in one spot. Wifi not strong enough for Netflix. Needs some updating in bathrooms. For 100 definitely not worth the money. Only good things were the beds. Wish I could leave a better review but it was disappointing.

Overall a nice hotel.  The toilet internal workings needed to be replaced.  (I reported it to front desk). Limited foods but did find a good selection of fruit drinks.

our room smelled like someone had smoked 13.. maybe 14 cigs in there an hour ago. they moved us to a new room, which smelled fine. just kind of annoying to move my stuff twice because im real, real lazy.

Would definitely recommend this fine hotel. Had to stay here due to outages at our apartment. Felt like home. Jeffrey was an outstanding front desk clerk and made sure all of our accommodations and needs were met in our room. Very clean, spacious and professional atmosphere.

Great prices on rooms. Newly renovated from top to bottom. Definitely a great value and highly recommended.

Daniel, Amy, Hanna, Tabby, and the other staff members did an excellent job during the recent winter storm in Texas and before that. We came to visit our son in Austin and found the staff to be friendly and very helpful. The decor in the lobby and everything in our room looked quite new, fresh, and very clean. At the end of our five day stay, our flight was canceled. The staff extended our reservations without a problem. As the weather and circumstances worsened, they went above and beyond to serve their guests. In the evenings they provided a cooked meal, rather than the usual appetizers and bar fare. Once we lost water pressure, they made sure we had boiled water available for our personal use. They had exceptional attitudes and remained helpful and courteous throughout our additional five days there, doing what they could despite their limited numbers. My husband and I were able to stay warm and safe at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane, always felt welcomed. and are thankful for it.

Wonderful and beyond courteous and supportive staff suppprt during very trying time in Austin

The sincere and dedicated hotel staff is really the reason I’m leaving this review. I am glad to be back home after a week of staying in this hotel during the Texas snow storms. I am so thankful we made it to this hotel. Many of the employees couldn’t make it to work due to the storm so the few staff members that were present really went out of their way to make sure the guests were surviving and safe. It really felt like a community and I believe it was all because of how much the staff cared about the guests. I highly recommend this hotel, because these are great people never made me feel that they were greedy or inconsiderate in this time. Thank you 🙏🏼

We were here for 5 days due to the ice storm in Texas.. they did everything possible to make people comfortable. Even when  the  water went out at the hotel they were busy getting water and boiling it to accommodate everyone. When food was scarce and no food was anywhere  and stores closed  and nothing to be found they still made sure food was available.  Somehow they were still able to ask if we needed clean sheets even though all the chaos. Could not have asked for a better place to have ended up with my family.  Thank you to all the staff!

People are friendly. Always a smile to greet you when you come in the door from a hard day at work.

Amazing staff that provided amazing service during the winter snow storm!

The stay was pleasant and all the staff was nice, but I had to move rooms due to it having bugs in the bathroom. Then once I got back from getting something to and went downstairs  to speak with the staff my daughter saw bugs on her food bag. Granted they did move me, but I shouldn't have had to me moved in the 1st place.

We are in a pandemic and Marriott was amazing, clean and very friendly.  Very nice hotel and well priced.

Great cleanliness and staff service. Very friendly and accommodating with my change of reservation and late check-out requests. That I could enjoy a couple of Austin Beer Works products while staying here was an added bonus.

The hotel staff was great, location great, price was great.
I was a little annoyed with the noise coming from the rooms beside me and the hall.
The swimming pool was not clean
The exercise room had a notice to sanitize the equipment after/before each use, yet there wasn't any sanitizer available. The water dispenser was non-operational

Enjoyed ourselves at the bar while it rained. Everything was enjoyable

Overall review, the stay was excellent. The room was very clean. Staff was very professional!!

Absolutely phenomenal staff. Stephanie, Amy, Jeffrey, Tabby, and the countless others that work at this location I have been absolutely amazing.

Due to Covid rules the service changed in guest rooms. The room trash cans became over flowing until your departure. Morning continental breakfast was offered in a grab bag lunch bag which I did not mind. In all the front desk was very attentive and nice, lobby was clean.

Enjoy a friendly, comfortable stay with Courtyard. Rooms are large so not tripping over any furnishings but cozy enough with home comfort. Staying one night or several nights, no disappointment with surroundings.

Nice customer service, quick check in and beautiful room. I was rather content with my stay. I also enjoyed the little details presented in the room when I arrived. The TV was on, which made the room feel like home, the remote readily accessible, enough towels for two people, the decorations was soothing and calming, and enough pillows to rest or watch TV relaxed and comfortable.  Although there is construction going on on the road, it didn't affect my arrival or the parking lot. The little corner snack bar was full equipped  with different snacks, and the living room at the entrance was clean and inviting. We will definitely comeback!!

Cool place. No problems.

Nice place

We LOVE Jeffrey!! He checked us in and was such an awesome host. We are here for a funeral and he was truly awesome.

Awesome place to stay

This hotel kicked me out at 4:00 am because my debit card for incidentals was declined.  I explained Marriott was still holding $80 as today was just an exrension.  I also reasoned that i could not get money on my debit card until morning when people are awake.  They kicked me to the curb.  SMH!

Staff was friendly, but one was really helpful and went above and beyond, I wanted to especially thank Mercedes Williams, I asked her about eateries and she printed a list, her suggestions were on point. Our stay was 12/12 to 12/15/2020. I would recommend accommodations and would stay again.

If you are staying here be prepared and bring ear plugs or noise canceling headphones. I have no complaints other than that, but it was a huge disappointment because I had driven from HTX and I was beat. Arrived at around 1am and I could hear the people next to me being really loud, then at around 8am I could still hear them as if they never went to bed. I had to put on some soothing meditation music to canceled out the noise. Very thin walls. The customer service was good and it was a clean place. It was just the noisiness that I felt was a huge disappointment, specially for what I paid.

Professional, courteous staff. Everyone was extremely friendly and eager to assist. Beautiful property, loved the outdoor firepit, sat out there for a smoke late at night and was impressed with the layout and furniture.

Bed was comfortable, clean, I was able to relax wherever I needed to sit or lie. Bathroom was super clean, shower didn't have much water pressure but hot water works great.

The Bistro was able to whip me up some crispy chicken tenders and seasoned fried. The lady working was extremely sweet and helpful.

Mini convenience store with a little bit of everything, beer, wine, drinks, candy, chips, tuna salad, fresh fruit and yogurt, ice cream. There was a 24 hour gas station less than a mile away that was close enough I walked to.

If you're fond of the brand, stay at this one if you're in North Austin.

Great experience! Loved it!

Excellent. Clean room. Well spaced. New modern.  Front desk professional  and  friendly.
Price is very well affordable.

I was so glad that the bar was open for the first time in 8 months the night I was there!  The light bites were fine and of course staff were very attentive.

The hotel is good it has good rooms good facilities the attention of the staff is a little weak but it is nothing of another world it will be due to the pandemic but I recommend it

Enjoyed every night

great hotel

I was visiting a friend and found the hotel very neat and tidy. However, the occupancy was very low due to C-19. The room itself was spacious with conservative art design and room colored paint. The flushing of the latrine, the water system was very loud when draining and refilling of water.

Place to check inn!!!

Great service and helpful staff with clean rooms. Can't wait for the hotels' in-house bars to reopen though.

Very updated best one yet walk in showers

This is a pretty nice place. But there were no hand towels in the bathroom. There was only decaf for the coffee maker in my room, and the coffee machine at the front desk was broken.  I had to drink a soda for my caffeine fix instead, but it was a poor substitute especially since it was out of date. More attention to detail please.

Nice

Very nice room. Spacious, great shower. Indoor pool is closed would have been nice to see that on the website

Upon arrival wasn't able to check in for additional 2 hours their internet was down had to wait with luggage. It was out of their control but need a back up system.  Was a bit upset I had long drive and was hot and tired was waiting to wind down clean up before my babies party.  It delayed me getting ready for my granddaughters bday party and final gift wrapping.  They fixed it it was ready for me upon return.  I  absolutely hate whatever they clean with it stinks.  Since covid you must call front desk for housekeeping things for trash towels etc only thing I didnt like.

Very good hotel. The best value for your 💰

Adoro muito os hotéis da rede Marriott, sempre vale muito a pena. Os funcionários são sempre muito amigáveis, quartos limpos e bem decorados, opção de café da manhã, piscina e academia. Marriott é sempre a minha primeira opção de hotel. Recomendo muito!

Very clean and nice looking

Quick friendly check in. Clean and appeared all safety precautions in place.

It wasn't what we expected when we get into our room. We've found a dirty socks which is probably from the last guest and also we found an old ice cream inside the fridge.

I had a great experience! Staff and environment was wonderful!

Security in the outside parking is disrespectful

Worst costumer service i have experience in a long time. Inwas put in a room by laundry room  and machines continuously waking me up. So I called front office and the manager Becca said there is nothing they can do and sold out when i can see that I can book another room through the web site. All she kept saying was I am sorry there is nothing i can't do. Very upsetting!!!!!!.....for such a nice hotel and recognized brand across the Country this is not a good satisfying costumer service.....so disappointed!!!!...she did not seem concerned a bit nor it bother her, that ofcourse reflects on how poor the company trains their employees. Never will I spent a dime on this Hotel brand and they should have a better resource od Employee training.

Awesomeness great hotel great staff 
Great time and every went and was perfect.

They put roses in the room and chocolate. Very accommodating. I enjoyed my stay.

I booked two rooms with king beds with guest rooms a week in advance just for them to tell me that there was a “glitch” in the system and that they overbooked when i arrived. They then said I’d have to move my reservation to the Fairfield Inn down the street. (A much less nicer hotel) I was then given two rooms with double beds for the same price! Horrible service. A “glitch” in the system is not my problem. I did not get what i paid for. Never again.

Very sharp modern looking hotel and staff.Great customer service from reception staff to barista.  I think the whole staff is from Sweden...blond and such lovely accents...ALL of them.  Love it!

Hotel renovations are fine. No complementary breakfast but an ad said they have it. Should have went to a cheaper hotel which they actually had complementary breakfast. Can believe you charge people all this money but you don't have free breakfast like most hotels do.

Nice clean and modern

Daniel Chambers and the staff here have gone above and beyond to make our stay lovely! My wife and I were treated so kindly after a system error with the computers. This is a great location, HEB and Walmart across the street, and within driving distance to many great things.

Room was very nice but bar in lobby closed early even though we asked for a drink. Wouldn't wait for us to put our suitcases in room.

Decent clean courtyard. Ok staff ok room. Food choices limited. I prefer the Hilton next door for its included free breakfast

It's not far from downtown nor the domain. It's very clean, staff is friendly. The room looks beautiful and the beds are so comfortable and it's affordable.

Exceptional stay. The breakfast staff was a little slow, and seemed a little unprepared on the coffee delivery, but the acai bowl was delicious.

The room needed a couch instead of a chair. Breakfast wasn’t great. Not much to choose from for the price we paid, in a group of rooms.

Standard courtyard

Very nice hotel

AC was very loud, housekeeping left my room open, bistro was literally out of everything. For a business traveler...horrible! This property does not meet Marriott standards.

Good hotel, getting close to a time to remodel the rooms though.  Great service.

Polite and extremely helpful staff. Bistro food was delicious and a nice added amenity. Comfortable bed and pleasantly soft sheets and quality towels. Easy access to IH35. Definitely hope to stay here more often when in town.

Decent affordable spot in Austin.

Clean, courteous,  cold AC !! Great place to stay !

It’s our first time staying at this hotel (I’ve been a Marriott customer for the past 12 years) and we got a great rate for the weekend (AAA)
Renovations at the hotel are still in progress and everything we requested 2 days before our arrival was ready in the room when we checked in. We got a newly renovated room and I can tell the hotel will be even better when renovation project is completed.

Muy comodo

Clean and comfortable rooms. I spent 6 nights there. It was very well experience. I really advise it.

Love this place and they made me very comfortable and I am return on new years eve.

Stayed for Christmas the lobby was under construction you have to watch your step because the painters had stuff all over the floor this is my favorite hotel when I’m in town but my experience was horrible this time Especially since I had my little ones

I read the reviews before I checked in here and saw so many about car break ins going back 2-3 YEARS! I stayed here because my company paid for it. I asked the front desk about it and they told me, “we have issues with lots of break-ins, we aren’t supposed to talk about it.” WOW. You aren’t going to warn guests about this issue? You’re just going to tell your staff to keep their mouths shut about it? They said a sign slapped on the front door telling people not to leave valuables is all they can do. You people need to hire security or get cameras. The people who keep breaking into cars KNOW you guys aren’t doing anything about it, which is why it’s gone on for so long! With the money you people charge for your avocado toast alone you could buy cameras or hire a security guard to deter criminals.

Staff was excellent.  Clean and quiet. Location was easy access to several shopping and restaurants

Staff was friendly but could not fix problem.  Rooms need upgrade/more modern IT

close to airport and downtown austin

Our stay last night was disappointing. Priceline made an error when booking, which was not the hotel's fault, but instead of $69 the room cost me over $100. Sadly, the room would barely have been worth the $69. The hallway carpet was frayed and the wallpaper was peeling. In the shower, we stood under a steam of water that was barely more than a trickle on a floor that was coming apart. The carpet was worn and even thread bare in places. Thankfully, the bed was comfortable with a nice start of pillows. It helped us get back to sleep when the music from our neighbors woke us up at two a.m., thanks to the very thin walls. This time I can say with confidence that a lower star hotel with free breakfast would have been a much better option.

Loved the location and staff was friendly and helpful.

Me quede en el hotel por 7 días y me encanto el trato muy buena limpieza sobre todo muy serviciales y atentos  Gracias a la housekeeping idenia fue muy servicial con mi familia gracias

The breakfast time should be more. 
6-7 is not good for enough. My past experiences In the other hotel stays they have more time

Disappointing stay at one of the finest Hotel chains in the industry.

Courtyard is a favorite of mine when I'm travelling.  Austin North/Parmer Lane was very nice.  Biggest complaint was the room not being made up for the one day.  Also, they don't provide a free breakfast, although the Bistro serves both Starbucks coffee & some very good food.  Room was comfortable, the king ed was huge & overall it's a good choice to make.

Staff consistently professional.  Had tiny-tiny-TINY screw fall out of my glasses 10 minutes before leaving for a meeting.  Staff not only found a tool to fix them but replaced screw for me ... since I could not see well enough to fix on my own.  Thank you Mercedes!  ... the girl, not the car.

Am now concerned about reports of multiple vehicle break-ins.   Personally saw a Tahoe there with wheels jacked, sitting on the ground, so it’s reasonable to think there is a real issue. The location makes it easy for criminals to jump back on hwy and be gone.  The vehicle break-ins need to be addressed quickly.

Good hotel just with the walks were noise proof or built thicker

Enjoyed my stay. The room was comfortable and enjoyable.

Excellent rooms and very nice sized televisions!

Clean place,nice people

Me hospede en el hotel, me olvide un ebook, hablé con 4 personas dos horas después de dejar el hotel y no solo tuve que llamar 4 veces para que me dieran una respuesta de cómo recuperarlo.. sino que en el último llamado me dijeron que no estaba. Claramente alguien lo robo de la habitación y no me dieron Ninguna respuesta. Además de eso el desayuno es terrible, cuando llegamos no tuvimos las habitaciones reservadas hace un mes y derivaron a parte del grupo a otro hotel por una noche. Un desastre la atención !

Malísimo el servicio y el desayuno. Llegamos en delegación de 16 personas y las habitaciones no estaban disponibles aun habiendo sido reservadas y pagadas xon tiempo. 6 personas tuvieron q buscar otro hotel a las 2:00AM

The hotel parking has no cameras and has had multiple incidents with cars vandalized and broken into. My rental car was vandalized and personal items stolen from the car. The vehicle parked next to me was also vandalized and when reported  to local law enforcement, Police said it was not the first and the hotel runs this liability by not putting cameras to catch the individuals committing these crimes.

Very friendly staff,  rooms are clean and comfortable,  lobby area is clean!

Great hotel.  Enjoyed the quietness and the nice big shower.

The hotel staff was very friendly, I told them this was my first time in Austin and they were quick to welcome me and provide recommendations.
The room was very nice, well-appointed and clean.  I was on the fourth floor, it was very quiet.
The bar/restaurant was nice.  The food choices were OK for a small kitchen.  I only had breakfast so my sample is small but the food was not bad.  I do think it was on the upper end of price for what was provided. 

Over all, nice place.

No problems with our stay

How a hotel should be. I didn't give it 5 stars because they didn't really go above and beyond.

Overall not so bad. Had some minor issues and way over priced for room, breakfast was good but if you don't include it on your room bill during the reservation it will cost you an arm and leg.

It was good hotel. Quiet, clean, staff was friendly. No complaints

Except breakfast offered by Starbucks everything else is great

No free breakfast and the refrigerator froze the fresh fruit and milk we bought for breakfast. Otherwise this was a clean, modern well-kept facility with a courteous staff

Room was below Marriott standards
1. soiled underwear left in room
2. red liquids (??) in bathroom

had complained and told front desk along with photos. I was told that the room would be comp'ed and have not heard back since then

I had a great visit to Austin and the Courtyard by Marriott had everything I needed.

Everyone was very nice and courteous. I enjoyed my stay even though it was business related.

Excellent place to stay, unless you want a bath or a jacuzzi type why to unwind.
TV has the Golf channel, so that’s a big plus for me. Breakfast prices are a bit high. But, if ya just want a good bed and a beer, this place is excellent.

I stayed for four days at this hotel for a local business trip.  The staff was very friendly and I truly enjoyed the visit.  My room was comfortable and very clean during the entire stay.

I was very impressed with my stay here.  The staff were friendly, the room was spacious and clean and I was able to use my AAA for breakfast.

Excellent hotel.  Clean, well maintained, pleasant atmosphere, great service.  Would highly recommend.

No it does not.    Not recognized, no upgrade, no internet causing me to call in..... no the usual amenities expected of a property like this

The hotel was nice. Room was a good size with comfortable beds. The only issue was that there was a cockroach in the room, ants on the bathroom counter and the telephone wasn’t working properly. But other than those slight issues, the hotel was nice.

Nice, clean rooms.  Accomodated our family great with the sofa bed.  Staff was extremely helpful and courteous.  There are 3 washers and dryers, that helped tremendously getting soccer uniforms clean. I definitely recommend this hotel.

Great place to stay. Convenient location. Nice bar and checking is a breeze.

The hotel was great from check in to check out. The room itself was clean, everything worked, from internet to A/C, to television. The only thing I noticed, is at check out a couple was unsatisfied with the lack of condiments in the breakfast area.

I stay at this hotel all the time and somehow I got a bad room this time. The outlets next to the bed didn't work and the towel hanger and hook were both broken.

My daughters love to stay at this hotel every time we visit family in Austin.

Great place to stay! Excellent customer service and modern clean rooms and surroundings. I would highly recommend!

Room was very clean..staff was professional and friendly

Great staff, clean environment, comfortable and cozy beds and rooms.

My complaint is simply that i paid $420 for  4 nights and come to find out they do not offer Complimentary Breakfast
And if we cancel last minute we still get charged
The receptionist responce was that our room rate did not include free breakfast
For these rates i think i Rather book the Hilton where you get FREE COMPLIMENTARY  BREAKFAST AND DINNER
O and lets see if i get my points that they offered for skipping room service
As a compant Owner i am disappointed in Marriott

It was a great experience, and we will behere again

I absolutely recommend this hotel. The rooms are clean and spacious. The staff is outstanding.  The lounging area is clean and personable. The location was perfect for my travel needs and all the outside things restaurants grocery other shopping near by.

Without good breakfast, hotel staging experience wasn’t enjoyed much. Bistro food not good.

You all did a really nice job hosting a large corporate group there.  Very well organized, nice breakfast and daily amenity in the room.  You all took great care of our team for the week.

Great stay at the Austin Courtyard. My only minor complaint that other might love is I thought their breakfast sandwich was way too cheesy. That's pretty darn good if it's the only gripe I could come up with ;)

I am planning on coming back very soon. Amazing property, and reasonably priced.

Great staff, hotel had great upkeep, the only issue was being too close to the elevator and hearing people coming and going all night. It wasn’t too bad with the AC on to muffle the sounds outside, but without the AC it was a bit much

Expensive place to stay that was not a suite.  Not clean.  Items broken in the bathroom.  We stayed four days and our room was cleaned once.  Trash was not taken out.  People in the room next to use had a barking dog.

Fast, friendly, effortless check-in and a comfortable, clean, well-decorated room. Well done!

Had to stay a week before my apartment was ready. Nice size room, shuttle services, walking trail in back. Paid a little more than 900.00 but well worth it.

On our very last day that we are about to take off we receive a call from the front desk letting us know that our car got broken in and not just us they were several cars especially in the front so definitely will not be coming back to Austin and stay in this hotel because it also happen like 3 or 4 weeks ago.

Nice!

I’d stayed that week at 6 other CM locations, this location provided me w/ the most personalized service

It was a quick stay for us but the most comfortable stay we have ever had.

This standard sized hotel, with 6 or 7 star quality in their rooms!  But you have to sleep well on soft beds.  If you prefer hard beds skip it... but you will be missing the luxury of everything else.

Nice staff

Nice hotel.  Reasonable price.  Does not include breakfast.  Close to highway so you can hear the road noise, at least on the first floor.  But that actually helped me sleep.

The hotel doesn’t have a security camera outside and my car window was broken while I stayed in the hotel  bad service ever really bad not only mine there are 2 more cars so curious how that happened

The hotel was safe clean & up to date!!
My family & I enjoyed our stay!!!

Clean environment, friendly staff, spacious rooms, overall great experience we enjoy staying with the Courtyard Marriott no matter where we travel because we know it will be good clean rooms and service thank you

Great location, the he's a fine this place is off the charts and the evening staff was quite helpful. Very comfortable

It's a great hotel to stay for your business trips and offers great comfort.

!Love the atmosphere ver clean staff is friendly and professional!

Very happy/satisfied with our stay,next time we are in town we will stay here!!

Our stay would've been perfect if there would've been breakfast included with the stay. Also there were no channels in Spanish that we could find on the television in the room. Other than that, I found our room to be quiet even being by the vending and ice machines. The beds were also quite comfortable. The price was ok compared to the other hotels in the area for UT's graduation weekend.

We were more than satisfied with our first visit and accommodations at Courtyard, Marriot. Our son relocated from San Diego, California to work at UT Austin.

The hotel staff and the room were excellent! I normally don't sleep all that well when traveling, but my four-night stay at this hotel was so much better than I expected. The bed was so comfortable, and the air conditioning worked very well. The problem I experienced with the mini-fridge was handled promptly and courteously. 

I was disappointed that the indoor pool is only 4' deep, so it wasn't useful to me. (I tread water for no-impact exercise.)  However, I'm sure any kid would love it. 

I didn't have time to order and wait for food from the Bistro Café, but it looked good.

I stayed here twice. This place is clean and new . if you get a road view room, it could be quite noisy though.

Our vehicle broke down while on our way to pick up our daughter from UT, so our stay was unplanned.  The staff was helpful, friendly, and sympathetic to our situation.  I would definitely recommend this location for anyone needing to stay in North Austin.

So check it out.   Booked 4 night stay, original room smelled very chemical,  asked and was swiftly moved to another.  Great service, great product

Nice as far as hotels go.

Very nice hotel and great staff.

Staff was very friendly, and the entire place was well kept.

Be sure you understand the cancellation policy.  We had to cancel because of bad weather, but were still charged the full price for our room because we did not cancel 2 days in advance.  And this was during a time when they will have no trouble at all booking the room to someone else.

Clean clean! Great staff!

Great location....Courtyard standard is met.

Its over priced and does not provide complimentary breakfast. During check-in the staff said that the breakfast will be served in the morning, when i went to grab breakfast, it was embarrassing, they suddenly asked me to pay and my wallet was in the room. It was a bad and humiliating experience. There are many hotels in the area that are better and serve free breakfast.

My truck got broken in and four other cars not a safe hotel for family

Went to a meeting there. Staff was great!

The staff here is always friendly and helpful.  They seem to really care about the guests.  Rooms are nice and clean. The hotel has easy freeway access and plenty of food options nearby. Also they have a decent bar and kitchen if you've had a long day and don't want to go anywhere. This is my go to hotel for my monthly trips to Austin.

Good service, clean room, bar was slow but drinks were good.

The hotel looked like a just built house to us. The feeling was immediate comfort, trend and elegance. It even smelled absolutely fresh. The jacuzzi and pool are brilliantly placed and were amazing to get into. This particular property is one wifey and I we will return to.

Bright clean room. Friendly staff. Noisy from the highway at night if you are on that side. Breakfast was good maybe on the expensive side did not try dinner. I thought this location had a shuttle bus but does not. Far from everything. No restaurants or anything in walking distance.

The Staff make the stay worth it!!

I enjoyed my stay and recommend this hotel to others

Spacious hotel room, which was very clean.

I was charged for an extra night and was told it would be taken care of, but wasn’t. The coffee maker didn’t work and items were broken in the bathroom. My room was “overlooked” by the cleaning staff and when the room was cleaned, there was trash and dirty glasses left on the floor.

Slept well... Very clean!

Could not get a signal on the TV was told it was because of the wind. Had to actually get into the shower to turn it on. Could not get the room dark because of light coming from the back of the TV the microwave and under the door. Fitted sheet would not stay on the bed wrinkling up underneath me, very uncomfortable. Was not told about the fee for incidentals that still has not been put back in my bank account. And on top of everything I was never offered a refund or even a discounted rate we're having to tolerate all of this crap. I will never stay at this hotel again and I will not recommend it to anyone.

O yea

Appearance of mold on conference room walls.  Scary.

I was at a convention in downtown Austin.  Marriott Courtyard was perfect location to get to downtown off I 35.  Enjoyed my stay there. Great location. Nice neighborhood. Lots of close by restaurant for dining. Plenty of parking spaces.

Very expensive place

Got this at a reasonable price during SXSW. Staff was friendly.

I stay here all the time when I come in from Houston.  I recommend it to everyone

If you are looking at this property for the indoor pool, don’t, it wasn’t worth it. The water was murky & the pool area was unkept.

We also have never experienced such a disgusting situation related to a sleeper sofa in a hotel room. Thankfully, we had packed sleeping bags and my kids used those instead.

Awesome time awesome staff, great experience. Professional

Service  is excellent 👍😄
Very clean👍😄

I travel with students so it can be stressful - The staff - Emily, Reshandra and Cameron made it so easy - I would stay there again and again!

Stayed only for a night but it was amazing. The room was a nice size, great shower, very clean and the staff was great. Will definitely stay again when in the area.

Will definitely give this a 5 star rating! Loved the service and the hotel.

it was great super nice staff and clean and quiet ,had a great stay thank you

Experience was great. Clean, up to date, staff was nice polite and quick to help with needs and request. Was traveling with small kids. But no free complimentary breakfast so I rate a 4*

I LIKE HOW THEY HAVE FREE WI-FI AND A GREAT PARKING LOT!

I love the staff especially at the Starbucks bar the day I stayed, they are so professional, beautiful personalities. Overall I was so amazed by their kindness etc.

Great time,great staff, very welcoming and assistive. I would definitely reutrn for a stay.

Generally a good hotel.  Not much near it, thought, in terms of restaraunts or bars.

Convenient place to stay when the local BBQ competition in town.

Excellent service from front desk staff and restaurant staff! kudos to GM Daniel, Cameron, Amy, Kevin, Mercedes and Elizabeth! Thanks for making me feel at home and always being attentive to my needs!

This hotel was perfect for my trip to Austin. No complaints. Loved the complimentary candied walnuts at the bistro.

Great place to stay.  Clean.  Very friendly. Great location.

Was only here for a night but room was clean and staff was really nice. Definitely will return

A great hotel with a value that is hard to beat in Austin. Rooms are very nice, service from staff was top notch just as you would expect from a Marriott property.

I have stayed at this courtyard about 10 times and it consistently meets my needs at a great price . I would highly reccomend it

Nice facility and people. No free coffee or breakfast. Going back to Hampton inns.

Great things, easy access to freeways

The staff was friendly and professional.  The rooms were well made and clean.

A very nice hotel. Warm, inviting, clean and comfortable. Just what I needed.

I would recommend a stay here to my friends and family. I am a disabled person and my stay was quite accommodating during the Holidays!

Well maintained and cleaned.
Many people have complaints that they don't serve breakfast but it is already mentioned on their website. So just be aware of this thing before making your reservation

My husband and I spent the night in Austin at the Courtyard by Marriott and had a very nice 
experience. For the price, we got excellent service, a clean and quiet room with all the amenities 
we wanted. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Would definitely stay again!!! Didn't get a 
chance to eat their food, but will next time around!!

This building is on the northern tip of hotel row were there are countless choices for rooms on either side of the highway where no one particular building stands out from the other. Being such it just would seem is though it doesn't matter where you stay because they all look the same! However, once you step inside the these courtyards is a parent that great care was observed when crafting the amenities. There's a Starbucks and a bar just when you walk in which all has a very hip and relaxed energy with dim lighting (not too dim!) and well-executed aesthetic choices on the decor. All the same can be said for the rooms which are very spacious and even romantic whether you're there alone or not. I was just there visiting a friend for a few hours in the evening and we were both very pleased with the presentation and the service. Every staff member we came in contact with either over the phone or in person were incredibly pleasant, always putting the extra human element effort into whatever request was made by us. I would most certainly recommend this as a nice nightcap to an evening that you would have to commute for. This would be the only downside to the Marriott courtyard, it is a bit of a cab ride into town at least by Austin standards and there is essentially not a single thing to do within walking distance. That is literally the only negative thing that I had to say about this location. I could see it as a perfect fit no matter what type of guest find themselves there.

#great stay at Courtyard Marriott for #holidays!

The staff is excellent! They go above and beyond to satisfy the guest!

Used them twice 2019-they double dipped both times. First trip to do a start-up for our customer US Farathane. I booked Courtyard by Marriott Austin North/Parmer Lane through Expedia. My service man got to the hotel to check-in with the confirmation number. Marriott employee Mercedes said the confirmation was cancelled (which it was not). Marriott charged my card a second time because they would not give my guy a room. Had to talk to the manager and he said he could not do anything. Four days later Marriott reversed the charge.

Second trip Dec 9 same situation. We had a confirmation # on our corporate credit card. They charged my employee's credit card with the room cost. The employee credit card was supposed to be for incidentals. I had also given Marriott employee Mercedes my company credit card to cover the room because evidently the same credit card I used was only good for getting the confirmation number. I have never heard of such a case as both of these. I have been travelling the airways for 32 years. I will avoid using any Marriott hotels.

Nice modern room with a big walk in shower and decent amenities. Staff was very friendly and gave us some recommendations for restraints and bars around us. I needed an extra blanket because the beds did not have any heavy linens but they got me an extra comforter and I was fine.

Our 5-night‬ stay at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane, was extremely pleasurable. The hotel was very quiet, which allowed for much-needed rest, and housekeeping's service of our room was phenomenal.

In addition, the front-desk staff was extremely accommodating and supportive of our needs. While all of your staff was very welcoming and attentive, Amy, went above and beyond to ensure our comfort at the hotel.  I informed Amy that our refrigerator was malfunctioning because it was freezing all of our food. She expressed great concern and immediately visited our room to adjust the refrigerator. We were very grateful for her assistance. 

We really enjoyed our stay, and if we find ourselves in the Austin area for another visit, we look forward to staying at your property again. 

Courteous & friendly, great job on the rooms!
Qould reccomend to anyone!

It was good

Was a very nice hotel, great staff and very friendly. Didn't get to go see the sites. Hope to go back. Over all very nice ace to stay.

Really enjoyed our stay.  Clean and stylish.  I would definitely stay here again.

Overall service and condition of the hotel is excellent.  My only issue was noise level from highway.

Staff is great. Ammenities are limited and food is hard if you have any dietary restrictions

The staff was professional and the property was well manicured !

The rooms were very nice. They were eligant and clean. The service was perfect the people were nice and the cleaning ladies were always at it.

The front desk staff was very inviting, lobby was very nice, room was very inviting as soon as we opened the door, maticulously cleaned, and a very nice bathroom/shower.

Very clean, reasonable, and staff was excellent. Rooms were stylish and modern. Most of all bathroom was impeccable.

Great place

Great service by the staff. Clean rooms and quiet. Would definitely stay again.

This stay was definitely not up to the standards that I have come to expect from a Marriott property.  se explanation on first part of survey.

I loved this property. Amazing rates worth for the quality of the hotel. Very new, clean, modern, great amenities. When we arrived there wa plenty of parking available. Late checkin was a breeze. Our room was easy to find. The room was very clean and kept well. Lots of snack options. Keurig in the rooms are new and they used Keurig name pods. The location is near the freeway.

Too much freeway noise

friendly staff.

Location is kind of awkward but it was really close to the shops we were going to. The rooms were really nice and comfy

We stayed at this hotel twice over the last year and have found it's price to size, comfort, and location are ideal for what we are doing. If you are looking for a clean safe hotel with minimal frills but a comfortable bed this is the one for you. the typical smattering of shampoo and conditioners where no where to be found and the meals are purchased from the 3rd party restaurant in the lobby.

Nice clean hotel. Good location

I really enjoyed my stay at this Marriott. The room size was awesome and the staff was great! I plan to stay here again.

The hotel was close to our schedule events. It was very clean and easy to check in. The staff was polite and professional. My weekend experience was great. I will highly recommend and we will be coming back.

The hotel and staff exceeded our expectations.  The room was very clean and comfortable.  The staff was very friendly and the location was ideal for our stay in Austin.

ビジネスユースに最適です。|部屋は広く清潔で快適です。部屋にはコーヒーメーカー、冷蔵庫、電子レンジがあります。|朝食はブュッフェスタイルではないですが、きちんとした卵料理を作ってくださいます。ホテル内のビストロバーも程よい品揃えで使い勝手が良いです。フィットネスジムもあります。

The hotel was fine but I was very disappointed when I arrived and was told that the Fitness room was closed because they were installing new equipment.

Courteous service is rare these days. The staffers at this Marriott location were exemplary.

Staff was friendly, food was hot and it was very quiet.

Great

The check in was easy. But sadly until next morning we found out there’s no complimentary breakfast, and one of the reason for staying here was the indoor pool which we didn’t enjoy because the water was too cold for the kids. We have stayed at many other hotels with better services for less. I should have stick for what I already know. But if you don’t  mind paying for breakfast it might be a good fit for you.

Excellent staff, great amenities, and very comfortable and clean. Definitely would stay here in the future.

Muy buen lugar todo muy limpio las hausrkeeping magníficas son especiales como Italia yari Lety blanca y la supervisora Carmen
así como todo el personal que allí trabajn

Staff is amazing!

Staff was so friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and the bed was so comfy. Loved that the tv allowed you to log into Netflix or Hulu.

Beautiful new and well kept up Marriott property. Nice large room, convenient location off IH 35 and it served my need very well while in Austin for business.

Very comfortable, up to date and very efficient and friendly staff...stay almost every weekend we are in for a game

Perfect location for my business customer

Nice Marriott hotel in good location.  Good food choices and shopping not too far away.  Not too far from UT and downtown

Great location

Was here for a seminar. Stayed in a room for one night as well. Comfortable and clean room. Food offered at their cafe was mediocre for the pricing.

I have never been made to feel by a hotel employee that I am putting them out to take my order. The breakfast and coffee were not made by 630 like our group was told it would be, and when I asked for a cup of coffee at 6:30 in the morning the lady and gentleman working were rude and looked at me like I was asking them for the world. The eye rolling and tone she used to talk to us was so incredibly rude!! She was watching tv and she made it known we were interrupting her show!!!

This is the 2nd visit using this hotel.  For weekend stays the hotel is not too busy, which we enjoy. The staff are friendly and helpful, common areas clean and well lit and rooms are updated and roomy. Their handicap parking is close to a side entrance  of 1st floor rooms near the fitness room and pool.  Both stays we have had rooms where we can keep visual on our vehicle.  Quiet space with no loud traffic where their on site breakfast is made to order or we can opt for nearby pancake house and many places to eat and shop. Close to the Tesla super chargers in Austin so it’s a perfect place for me to charge up for excursions. I would suggest becoming a destination charge hotel for electric cars in the future, but perfect getaway place for a weekend.

Good place with quality service. However if you fond modern house design this is not your place. The infrastructural facilities could be better

I have stayed at many very nice Courtyards.  Based on location...there needs to be some investment to improve this particular location.

Good place to stay in Austin with low expense (according to the time)

Clean and affordable.

If the customer isn't checked out don't take everything in the fridge

This hotel is very beautiful, the rooms were nice, all the staff was courteous, the Manager worked hard to fix the problems that occurred but there’s not much they can do when they have my reservation for a suite to another guest as an upgrade RIGHT AFTER I CALLED TO CONFIRM WE COULD CHECK IN EARLY AND THE ROOM WAS READY. I don’t even know how this happens.

Cool place with very friendly staff

I’ve stayed at this hotel for over 30 night in the past year for work and each and every time my stay has been great! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The rooms are always clean and if I have any issues I just let the front desk know and they take care of it. The location is convenient as it’s right off I-35. The wait for breakfast can be a bit long due to the morning rush but since the food is good it’s acceptable.

Pretty clean and staffs are nice.

Not much to write other than that it is a good hotel at a very nice location.

Was there for a work meeting. We had no interruptions and the lobby was very quiet, which is nice.

Service amazing

Clean and great location!

Very nice hotel, rooms clean and comfortable, workout room and pool. Nice bistro

We were welcomed as soon as we walked in. Cameron at the front desk and Joshua in the bistro made us feel at home and delivered expert service during the entirety of our stay. The property is clean, the rooms are comfortable, and the food is delicious! We will be back in the near future!

With issues in our apartment over the weekend, our family stayed at the Courtyard in north Austin. It has been a fantastic experience. Beds ard comfortable, staff is friendly, rooms are large, view is nice (the sunrise is right outside the window), and the wifi is very fast. The experience couldn't be better.

Staff is Superior, everyone from the Manager to the Cleaning Staff, everyone is friendly, helpful and professional.  This is a Excellent Courtyard Staff.

I have stayed in numerous hotels and any Marriott has always been superior to any other chain.  The Courtyard at Austin North/Palmer was updated, bed was extremely comfortable, bathroom was clean and the room was very well laid out for work.  The personnel behind the desk always had a smile on their face and asked each time I departed if there was anything they could do to make my stay more pleasurable.  Highly recommend this Marriott Courtyard.

4 1/2 thumbs up; the staff was exceptional and good food! Only complaint,  beds are not as comfortable as the competition! Other than that great stay. I’ll be back next month

The rooms were clean, the bar was fully stocked, and lots of places to hang out while you drink. The pool is salt water and had lots of sitting areas in the room.

This hotel was a great decision when I chose to get away for the weekend.  I had no problem getting from here to my other destinations.  It's a perfect location and a great place.

Excellent! We had no complaints at all! Everything was smooth!

Great location, service and I will definitely stay there again

Nice, clean rooms

Fantastic stay...quiet, beds were amazing and incredibly firm.

The Courtyard Austin/Parmer is dated and needs updates. The Fitness Center is sparse.

The Courtyard was a nice hotel. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. My room was clean and we'll kept. I enjoyed a delicious burger at the hotel restaurant, as well as some good coffee in the morning. Great hotel for a quick business visit. Thank you!

Nice pool, big bright rooms and great service

Nice

Great service at the front desk! Free upgrade to King size!

Pool is indoor and a little chilly, but everything was very clean and professional. Staff was very friendly.

The staff was amazing. Attentive and helpful. The room was spacious and very clean. Close to the airport as well.

While this is a nice, presentable hotel with a big bathroom friendly staff, this is not a dog friendly hotel. It’s 2018 in Austin, Texas. There are dogs in every other family. When you don’t accept dogs, you’re not family friendly. This is one of those things that makes other hotels my choice for future stays and not this one.

Hotel needs to be updated good location 15 minutes from everything.

Not horribly bad, but I expected more from Marriott.

Good for overnight stay but wouldn't want to stay longer.

I love it!!! I will definitely come and stay again. I really loved the bathroom and how clean everything was and very friendly staff.

The only thing that would make this hotel better would be a kitchenette. Friendly staff, clean rooms, and a Starbucks on site

Our stay at Courtyard was outstanding. The room was large and comfortable and the staff was polite and accommodating. We stayed in a king suite which was comprised of two rooms that combined were larger than my first apartment. The bathroom was very clean and modern and the TV afforded Netflix and other streaming service access which let my wife and I continue watching our show without having to hook up a laptop or something. Access to and from the hotel was abundant and its location was central enough that we could be to all four corners of the Austin area relatively easily and in a relatively short amount of time. All in all would recommended

Excellent service provided by the staff and facility. Kinda bummed that the pool was down. But the hotel allowed us to go across and swim in a neighboring hotel pool.

Nice clean rooms and excellent service. Will stay here again!

If you're in town on business longer than a week don't expect to have a kitchenette in your room. Other than that great place great staff

Easy to find. Ample parking. Nice outdoor area with seating and fireplace. Large gathering area off lobby. Everything clean and well lit. Staff happy and helpful. Starbucks and lounge area with flatscreen tv.

Great all round hotel

Very nice rooms, never comment on it lighting it's really nice, bar is exceptional and staff is very pleasant

Lacking customer service  not what I usually get from my East Coast stays they unplug refrigerators and microwave had to call to get plugged up... espresso machine was broken.. the stay was just different maybe that's how they do in Texas... rooms was nice clean

The staff went above and beyond for us during the stay, including notification of a shirt I left behind.

Courteous staff. The property is ideal for our needs.

Very nice and new building.  Would stay here again when in town

Great stay

Loved this hotel!!!  Very comfortable and clean.  The staff was extremely friendly and check in/out was quick.  Hotel is pretty with updated decor.  The only issue we had was then they cleaned out room, they tool the towels and didn't replace them.  Quick and easy fix though.  Would definitely stay there again!

Staff was wonderful - polite, helpful and efficient. Rooms were just what we needed - comfortable bed and great AC. Food was average.

Attentive staff, very clean hotel and room — loved the big shower!

The hotel was very nice and clean. Up to date and very modern

Great staff, rooms were clean. Great area!

very clean and friendly. there is indoor pool. sometimes good for family.

Exelente lugar,buen trato y atención muy buena limpieza gracias.

Nice location, not far from the Domain, Round Rock, and downtown Austin.

Mildewed shower curtain, missed and slow request for more washcloths, and loud guests in next room. Management has no sense of urgency concerning guests needs

Rooms are great, and so is the bistro..

Too pricey for the room we had

The hotel and room were cleaner than I'm used to. The staff was very helpful and professional. I will stay at this hotel in the future.

Great stay

Easy booking love it

Nice place to stay. Will be back.

Room was clean and the service was great.

Great experience overall.  The hotel staff was very friendly and efficient.  The room was nice and clean.

Nice hotel conveniently located to I35. Surprisingly quiet.  Exceptional staff.

It was a great hotel! It was clean & the staff was awesome!

Clean and convenient........Bistro NOT worth the money......parking was not good.......had to walk....

This was my first trip to Austin. I am so thankful I stayed here because I was 20mins away from 6th street. Also I felt very safe at this hotel the front counter people are very sweet and welcoming.

Close to other services however the highway  noise is very very noticeable. Friendly staff however bistro service was slow and my latte tasted burnt. Room is what you would expect at a Courtyard and the front desk folks are pleasant.

Nice

I really enjoyed the food, service and overall feel of the hotel and it’s room.

Great hotel with excellent accommodations

We were satisfied with our stay here with a few minor things. Personally, the bed was too firm for me. The current room rates should include free breakfast. We brought swimwear but the pool was not available, and we didn't find out until our arrival. The location is very convenient. There's a mall right across the street, and groceries. I would stay here again.

Breakfast was wonderful if a little pricey.  But worth it.  All else was very good.

Excellent facilities.  Thank you Marriott

Normal hotel. Nothing special, nothing bad. Affordable

Facility was clean and it was nice to have a hot breakfast prepared to my order. Only negative is having to get all the way in the shower before being able to turn it on. Would prefer to let it warm up.

Great Hotel. Very clean and worth the price you pay!

Nice place

The staff does not seem that helping the guests is a priority. We had issues with our room keys, staff was unavailable a lot of the time, and the price is too high for the quality of service.

Fui a recoger a mi novia y los empleados me trataron como familia, super amigables. Me voy a quedar aquí la próxima ves que venga

The rooms are decent.  The traffic noise from the freeway is horrible.  The so called restraunt is very expensive.

Hotel was fine, ceiling leaked badly when it rained. Staff brushed it off when mentioned.

The Hotel looked new, just refurbished and had great amenities. The host was welcoming and the rooms look updated. I like the new gym area and the office space available for mobile working.

Room was clean except for a wet spot on the carpet. Don't forget your USB wall chargers because the rooms do not have usb plugs to charge your phones. Breakfast rate room includes 1 hot item (or 2 cold items) that is ordered off a menu, so plan plenty of time to have it prepared.

Good hotel.   Only thing that needs to be updated is the continental breakfast.  No healthy options.

Our stay was a breeze! Easy to get to and close to our son with a reasonable price. We had a great visit to Austin during the hectic sxsw season. Not a problem except for a slow check in due to an employee in training.

The stay at this property is amazing.  The check in staff was awesome and very friendly.

Good business hotels great place to stay for business

The staff was very helpful and always attentive to our requests.

Wonderful experience! The staff are super friendly and go above and beyond.  The hotel was super clean and comfortable. Would stay here again.

The Associate by the name of (Yessennia) checking us in made our stay the most pleasant experience ever.

The Bussiness Stay was a comfortable stay. We had no problems coming or going into the Courtyard.

EVERY ONE who works at this location has excellent customer service skills. Mercedes at the front desk, the female who serviced me at the Bistro everyday, the room attendants, the ladies who greeted me daily, the driver of shuttle who waited for me and the manager who recognized I hurt my ankle you were all great.  That level of customer service I haven't seen in years so thank you for keeping it common practice throughout your location!

Mama Mia!! Perfecto!!

Not a bad be place to stay if you are in the area. I recommend asking for a room away from the highway as it is quite loud. Bistro is more like a cafeteria, so you'll probably have to eat out for a real meal. Accommodations were ok but the staff is super friendly.

Amazing service awesome beds and pool was nice only downfall no hot tub with pool but no where else had one and bar was nice

We had a great stay there. Nice place, big rooms and helpful staff.

The staff is wonderful friendly excellent food room is comfortable bed is great couldn't ask for more

Beautiful hotel, with a great staff and very quiet. Outside of Austin but did not take us long to get to downtown Austin from the hotel. We will stay there again.

Nice, newer facility with friendly staff and surprisingly quiet rooms.

Very neat, clean rooms with all the important amenities. Very comfortable bed and pillows. Lots of pillow options.

The staff is very helpful and friendly. Highly recommend the avocado toast for breakfast, delicious and generous on the avocado!

Welcoming  and nice

One of the best

When traveling for business, there are times you need assistance that might have you running from various businesses to complete tasks. Not the case, at this Courtyard!  I needed some critical business support and received support without batting an eye. Plus was able to get a full nights slee, with a healthy breakfast. I truly felt like family!

NA

Staff are excellent, hotel is clean and in good condition. Food is generally good but steer clear of the frozen baked goods, which look good but are mushy, oily, and lacking in taste. Hopefully they can improve their sourcing for those. The avocado toast breakfast was great.

Fabulous stay-- the staff are wonderful! Kevin at the night shift, helped us find a place to eat and anticipated our check-in. Mercedes in the am shift helped arrange the shuttle for us to our meeting. The GM was so nice and made sure our stay was great. He is very involved and makes your stay wonderful. The food was yummy-- best breakfast. I highly recommend this hotel.

Too much Highway noise...windows not good in blocking traffic noise

Welcomed by friendly staff member. The manager/ supervisor are always staying around lobby to help up.

Great place

Excellent visit, excellent front desk staff.  I’ll be back.

I travel extensively because of my profession. I have to say, without reservations, that this has been one of my most comfortable stays at any hotel because of the professionalism of the staff. Everyone expressed genuine concerns for my well-being. My room was spotless and well maintained. The staff were proud of their hotel and they have every right to be so.

Traveling a lot, this one of my regular places to stay. Its not in the downtown traffic and hustle but it doesn't take long to get downtown from here. I travel downtown often while here and it goes pretty fast. It is easy to get to the Domain area as well. As a result, the price is always worth it. The big plus here is the staff. Across the board they are great. The food and service is good so i often dine in while staying here.

I have been going to this hotel for years for business travel and will continue to do so.

No breakfast. Restaurant in the hotel is expensive.

Breakfast is not served here

Very nice establishment and upkeeput and comfortable lounge areas

Had a lot of trouble from the staff this most recent stay. If not for the nice rooms and awesome atmosphere that the place had, I would have rated it 1 star. The manager was very rude and pushy when check out neared, and even sent in room service to begin cleaning out room before we even had the chance to decide if we wanted to stay another night or not. I placed a complaint with Thier customer service line, and they didn't even seem to care but decided to create a case for our situation anyway....140$ a night is not somthing I like to pay and expect to be treated this way. All in all, I wouldn't recommend, until new staff is hired.

The hotel was nice! Easy to find, clean rooms , good amenities and a very welcoming staff!

Unlike most hotels the staff here is on their game especially the evening and night crew. They treat you with respect and actually care about you while youre staying with them. The rooms are absolutelt amazing and the hotel itself is just above average. My honest opinion is that i get more bang for my buck and am more comfortable here at the courtyard by marriott than i would at a 4.5 star hotel like the Hotel Granduca. They have a pool, fitness center, and a place to do my laundry. For food they have a restaurant and a starbucks inside. And its conveniantly located near a walmart HEB and alot of other stores to get what you need done with your day

Nice clean and convenient

Great hotel clean rooms. Guest service was extra friendly. They did not have a freezer in the room and they allowed us to keep breast milk in their freezer downstairs

Staff is super friendly and very helpful. The location is great for shopping and food and easy access to downtown!

Decent place. Right on the freeway so there’s road noise if your room is facing that way. Breakfast is not included. Overall alright place

Awesome experience I would love to recommend the hotel to family and friends! I would stay there again.

The hotel is nice it is close to shopping and places to eat. Access is ok.

My phone was dead no charger at the Hotel, then I had to use the room phone for one minute local call, then  Hotel  charged  $ 20. I stayed only 7 hours at this Hotel, how much power I saved for the Hotel! but they did not look to this they worried about one minute local call,

Great place to stay and very clean.

The staff are great! Very friendly and accommodating. The location is great for me as it is very close to my remote office. The breakfasts are pretty good, I wish they had more options. The alcoholic drink selection was also good, but I would like to see them get a couple of bottles of higher end stuff maybe 18yr old scotch. The only downfall is that the building is old, and only has 1 USB plugin per room.

To keep it simple... Great dining experience with good food & drinks... Well laid-out area in the lobby, lounge & restaurant for meeting teammates & clients.  Rooms are always clean and the staff is very professional and seems to have fun doing what they do to keep the place running smoothly!

Front desk staff was friendly and helpful. Great room.

Clean room, Good service

Tiene habitaciones grandes y equipadas, desayuno incluído, gimnasio y alberca. Me gustó y me atendieron bien.

I live out of a bag, and it's nice when you are recognized as a return customer. The whole team here executes well and I highly recommend this property as a great option for the Austin/Round Rock area.

The bed wasn't comfortable for me and the towels we not soft.  The large enclosed stand up shower is nice but the floor was a little slippery.  Nice community area in the lobby, rooms are nice, snack bar has good selections.

Worst Marriott if not worst hotel in a while.  Wrong type of room given.  Central reservations needs some training.  Given a key to the wrong room.  With my husband's disability, it was tough going back to the front desk to be reassigned.  Thank goodness the people in the incorrect room didn't think we were trying to break and enter.  Got in correct room with a dirty coffee pot and a mattress so hard that I got a bruise on my hip and I had to help my husband up and to the shower to get some relief offered by the hot water.  They eventually got the preferred room type ready on another floor.  After loading our items on the cart, going down the hall, down the elevator, down the hall,  getting our items off the cart and going into the restroom, I discovered the bathtub absolutely filthy.  There was a thick ring and debris on the bottom with a clean bathmat hung across the tub.  After calling the front desk, a housekeeping person with a key to another room 2 floors up arrived.  We loaded all our things back on the cart, went down the hall to the elevator, up 2 floors and down the hall to unload the cart again.  This room had mold all over the shower curtain liner.  I was given extra points so that I could visit another Marriott.  I should have gotten a refund because we did not receive the level of service advertised and for the pain and stress placed upon the disabled.

We checked in for a 2 night stay, and everything was good, including helpful and considerate staff (often rare these days!)  I forgot to bring my own toothbrush and rang the desk - they promptly had one ready for me.  Interiors were all clean.  Lobby was a little bit rowdy b/c there was  huge group there, but that's inevitable with groups staying there.  The only thing i would have wished for is a continental breakfast.  I've stayed at a few other Courtyard Marriotts, and they all had free breakfast; not sure why this one did not.  But we just went to HEB down the street (like a 2 minute drive) and got some breakfast biscuits to heat up in the microwave in the morning.  Other than that, everything else about our stay was great.  Would stay here again!

This hotel is very nice, clean and well located.   The staff are super nice.  The rooms are clean and comfortable.  The TVs are connected to the internet... so I could log in to my Netflix account!  It was one of the best check-in experiences I have ever had.

Solid great front desk good GM house keeping however needs to take a chill pill

Good ambience, cordial staffs, self laundry service, couple of lakes in the backyard to roam, hot breakfast.HEB , Walmart stores nearby.Couple of good Indian restaurants are also available withing 1 and half miles.

Staff was personable and efficient. Addressed all our needs. Was convenient to where we needed to be and the Fire Pit was awesome in the back!

Had issue getting registered, my name was wore off my credit card and manager would not accept my card.  I had cash but she would not accept that either.  Took over 45 min, I ended up having to get a friend to use their credit card.  It was a major pain after a full day at baseball tourney.

Everything about this hotel was great I would definitely come back.

When I attempted to check-in at the hotel I encountered such a rude attitude from the front desk clerk that I ultimately decided to cancel my reservation and seek lodging elsewhere.   This may be an isolated incident, but it was an extreme one!

Nice clean rooms ... quiet place for sleeping. Front desk was very helpful.

Great stay...I recommend this property.

Checking was easy and the room was clean and spacious. I also thought the furniture set up was clever. There is a desk/table that can be pulled out, it was great for eating our sandwiches.

There were plenty of outlets and the wifi was easy to use.

The fitness center was okay. It's open 24 hours and there were bikes, ellipticals, treadmills, weights, yoga mats, etc. There weren't any water cups which was disappointing. They did provide headphones which was a nice touch.

Great place, great stay! Just watch it when booking, make sure you book at the room rate that includes breakfast. Yes, there are different rates that don't include breakfast. Really?!

Nice clean accommodations. Quiet room. Consistent.

Stayed here on a business trip, great service as always.

Great Room consistent clean quiet

Nice place. The only down side was we got a room that was recently shampooed and the floors were wet.

I was not really expecting much from this hotel but it was surprisingly nice.  The staff here is excellent and probably the best staff I have dealt with in years.  They are really helpful and friendly.  The rooms and lobby are really nice and the location is convenient to a lot of restaurants etc in the area.

Treated with current. Friendly staff.Always Excellent

The mattress was uncomfortably firm. I would compare it to trying to sleep on stacked hardback books. I have already advised against coworkers staying at this location.

Great hotel, wonderful people, the parking lot leaves something to be desired though.

Professional and Friendly Staff. Great Service

Hotel was clean with great service. Amenities are good. Recommend this hotel.

I enjoyed to stay at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane

Nice hotel, well kept and good staff.

Very nice hotel close to city and activities.

Overall not the best Marriott to stay at.  Hotel and contents seem worn and not well maintained.  Carpet and pillows smelled like smoke and heavy air freshener.  Traffic noise outside of highway facing rooms is bad.  Starbucks center in lobby is not always manned.  Computers in lobby are slow and freeze up.  Staff are wonderful.

We were really only there long enough to sleep. The bed was comfortable, the shower was awesome ( lots of hot water). The room was clean and the service was friendly.

Everything clean and disinfected. Only drawbacks, there were no handicapped bar at the rear and no non-skit skid surface in the bathtub.

Friendly, clean, peaceful environment.

The management (Jeremy) and staff at Courtyard Parmer Lane go above and beyond - all are extremely helpful, professional and so accommodating! Really enjoy staying here!

Awesome hotel, clean, comfortable and quick.

Friendly staff and a clean hotel. Great place to be....

The location was easy to access. It was near a great shopping area. The room was very clean and inviting. My nine day stay (Hurricane Harvey) was very relaxing and the front desk personnel were very friendly. Also the housekeeping staff were awesome.

Very satisfied. We were there for a funeral and they went beyond the call to make us comfortable.

There were three off us in town for a christening. The hide away bed was awful so our third person slept on the short couch.everything else was good. Room coffee is great but Starbucks in the lobby is horrible. Very nice shower!!!

Attended a birthday party so we stayed 1 night

I had a descent French Dip sandwich for dinner. Room was nice and the bed was vertical comfortable.   The dining area was ok but they do not offer free coffee in the lobby.

Disappointed.  This is a Marriott brand?? Rooms smell like a nursing home.  Musty and moist.  Carpet is dirty in the halls and rooms... Needing a thorough cleaning.  Nasty dirty a/c units which causes coughing.  Low ceilings in room gives a closed-in feeling.  Main lobby is uninviting and small entry doors.  They forgot to clean room and change bed linens... This is no 3 star hotel.  Poor room maintenance...

Hotel is looking tired and needs refresh. Worn carpets, rusty shower areas, loud bathroom fans and sagging mattress. Eating area seems worn and dirty too. Tables need cleaning. . Hello, Mr. OWNER.  Charged higher rates to federal employees than the public, but threw in a complimentary breakfast.... Hmmm...

Room windows are old and don't muffle the loud road noise. You will notice the significant motor noise for sure.  So, get a room that ends in an odd number.  Worn out laundry machines and dryers for guests.

Suggestion:  stay at TownePlace Suites just across the highway!  We did after poor experience...

After asking for the pool hours, where it was located and for towels, we were disappointed when we got in and learned the water was unbearably freezing. We could not tolerate it and had to exit almost immediately. The next day we were told we should have asked to have it heated. (1) I didn't realize asking for a pool to be heated was necessary (2) If it was a special request, I wish I had been made aware while I was asking about the pool.  Unfortunate that the hostess didn't take the initiative to ask if I would like to have the pool heated when she handed over the towels.

Indeed

Awesome staff and good area.

Rooms don't smell fresh at all 🖓👎

Very friendly and informative staff. Nice Big Clean and up to date rooms. Nice little fitness center overall amazing experice for me and my wife. will definatly be back

Very welcoming and friendly staff. Spacious rooms. Highly recommended.

Clean and bright. Great staff. Can't beat the location.

Very helpful and friendly, good prices

Everything was great, I highly recommend this hotel to everyone needing a place to stay in austin!

The hotel was clean, well-maintained, and had all the necessary amenities.  The decor in the room has been updated though the shower and counter were a little bit dated.  The room was well laid out with a big TV, closet, small sitting area. The common indoor area and the firepit were nice gathering places with co-workers.  Staff was courteous, efficient, and knowledgable.

Very nice place to stay.

Very friendly and helpful staff.  Nice room and building but nothing special.  Noise from the highway could easily be heard within our room.

Newly renovated, convenient location. Internet TV in every room, small but functional gym and a pool. 10 minutes from local malls and restaurants.

Staff and accommodation

Great place to stay. Indoor pool and the Customer service is very pleasant 😊 right near a Wal-Mart also!

My mother reserved this hotel through Expedia. It was our second time in one day checking in to a hotel. The first one was scary filthy, and I told the lady at the front desk what happened and she was truly sympathetic and reassured me that Courtyard by Marriott didn't work like that and I agree. The room was super clean, everything, everywhere! Not a speck of dust either. I was shocked! It was only 9 dollars more a night than the previous hotel and they were in completely different leagues. It also smelled amazing, which is my number one issue with most places. The whole building is smoke free too! I love it here. The location is perfect, right on the highway and one U turn away from an amazing grocery store (no lights to sit at to get there.) My room had two double beds, a fridge, microwave, coffee pot, blow dryer, large tv, massage headed shower with glass doors, and thermostat on the wall.

Comfortable beds, clean rooms. The staff had a hard time understanding we needed adjoining rooms.

Very nice, clean, comfortable hotel. Helpful staff.

Clean modern and comfortable.

Nice

a trip to austin to drop off my child to college  had a great stay hotel was very clean

I found it to be a nice place, with friendly staff and the quality of rooms to be in line with the prestige of the Hotel Chain. I certainly recommend this Hotel to anyone who is in any doubt. The location is also very convenient just close to the I35 and the Frontage Rd

Great Place!!!

Was a really good overall experience. Internet was slow at best & the fridge was on the small side. But the food was excellent.

The staff is friendly and see to your every needs and assist when the need a rise.

Great hotel. Located close to a lot of stuff. Really nice and quiet area.

Very clean

Perfect experience for an overnight business trip to North suburbs of Austin.   Clean, good and fast service.  Good value.

It was a really nice workers where very friendly......but I didn't like that the housekeepers tryed to rush u out of room kept knocking every 20mins

Clean. Great staff. Close to a lot of action.

I almost always stay at courtyards because i like the rooms and the service. This time was no different. The barista must have been in training because she had a hard time making drinks and taking orders but it all worked out fine in the end. Will stay again next time.

Better than other Courtyards that I have stayed in

I Stay at Marriott frequently.  Courtyard by Marriott on Parmer Lane in Austin Texas is a relatively newer hotel and service is normally pretty good.  I do believe that this property was purchased by Marriott rather than building a new one and hence comes with it's limitations, especially the way Bathrooms are constructed.  

Location of TV is perpendicular to the bed, and though it swivels, it is not an ideal viewing experience if room is shared by 2 people.  They could provide more amenities, but for business travelers who do utilize Hotels to relax and sleep afterwork this seems to work fine.  

Hotel front desk staff and the Breakfast / Bar staff is very friendly and courteous.  They genuinely want to help their customers feel welcome, and try to offer solutions if things do not go the right way.  Sometimes they are limited on what solutions can they offer, which is not a good thing for customer.

I have stayed in this location multiple times in last 12 - 16 months and have started to like it even with tons of limitations or things that could be improved.  

Nice clean comfortable room for business travel.  Wish it is a notch up to be really called Marriott

They are very clean coming from a germ a phobic person

N/A - We had a great stay

I always enjoy my stay at this location. The staff is always friendly and helpful in any way possible. The room is always nice and accommodating. Will continue to take my business here.

Exceptional staff and great location for the best value stay in North Austin.  Large smart TVs with native streaming video support, solid Wi-Fi, tasty Bistro, and a gym with dumbells, cable system, cardio, etc.  A step above the rest of the class.

Amazing staff, truly very well trained and genuinely kind. Clean rooms, comfy beds, fantastic pillows, AC that actually works and pumps out air at the temperature it says it does. Great location with access to the I35 and close to North Austin hot spots (The Domain, Arboretum, Burnet corredor). Only knock is that the rooms are a bit dated. I'm sure they'll be updated in the near future and will move this up to 5 stars!

Good service, comfortable beds and a decent TV. The bar has a limited menu, but they have tasty options on that menu.

The hotel staff were great.  Everyone was very courteous and made us feel important and appreciated.  We were there for a baseball tournament and the lobby area was perfect for the team to socialize and hang out in our off time.  It was very nice that the hotel had a bar and small food selection.

Great room for decent price. Very clean.

So far so good! Everything is going well and the bar on the first floor is a good place for food and drinks!

We arrived tired from a long day and were looking forward to a restful night's skeep. The bed was uncomfortable. The toilet was clogged. There were no washcloths or lotion and the shower floor was extremely slippery. I think it still had cleaning solution on it. This is my first bad experience at a Marriott property. I told the check out person about it and she only said "I'm sorry." And that was it. Won't stay here again.

The website description said that rollaway beds were available but when we arrived, front desk told us that they were not available due to them being a fire hazard. The staff however was very apologetic and polite. I hope the website will be updated to reflect reality.

Great

If you've stayed at one Courtyard...you've stayed at them all.

perfect place to stay...

Very friendly staff

The location is close to where I had to attend. The room was nice and clean. The employees were nice and courteous. The overall building inside and out is clean.

Had a great stay at this location.  Staff was excellent.  Very close to Domain shopping and dining.

Courteous staff.  Opened their bistro off hours to handle our group.  Great AC in the middle of this Texas geat.

Enjoyable weekend stay, easy check in online

Just chilled with an old buddy in the lobby and had some beers, staff was very courteous.

Wonderful experience.. I will come back

Rooms where huge, bed was comfortable and a/c was very cold! Clerk at front desk was very very nice, keep her around, people like that makes stay very pleasant and an asset to company.

Excellent experience.
Thanks

Great staff.  Clean rooms.  Full bar and food options in lobby.  Indoor pool.  Family had a great stay.

Business trip for my school which was at another hotel and getting there was easy.

Very convenient location with easy access to i-35 and a Walmart across the highway. There are also several nearby restaurants and stores. The rooms themselves are relatively clean and well-kept (although the shower looks a little questionable). The staff were all very friendly. Overall, a comfortable stay.

EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE AT FRONT DESK FROM RUFUS AND JORDAN.  ROOM WAS CLEAN AND MEET MY EXPECTATIONS.  WOULD STAY THETE AGAIN.

Stayed here before love the front desk staff.

Great service provided by the staff. Clean rooms and quite.

Great hotel and great service. Local area was great for shopping and dining

Everyone here is very friendly, the rooms are clean and the service is great. However, it's a little noisy being near the highway, and the beds and pillows are quite hard.

The folks here always go out of their way to make sure you are taken care of

Very nice hotel.The staff was very helpful and accommodating.Thete is also a bar, restaurant and Starbucks in the lobby!

Clean, updated and convenient to Round Rock or Austin.

No surprises clean, uptodY and friendly desk clerks, as usual the beer and cocktails a little pricey. Good breakfast.

Great location that is not far from downtown Austin. Our room was clean and furnishings we're in good quality. Small mini fridge available in room, floor length mirror, hair dryer, desk, ironing board and iron, good air conditioning.

Good Location. Clean, comfortable.

Everything here was top notch, especially the staff

excellent accomidations, friendly and helpful staff

no drama , no issues, clean and comfortable.  good properly cooked oatmeal ( no instant stuff)  Great helpful staff

I loved the hotel and the city. The trip in to The Domain each morning. The staff was fabulous.They resurrected my rewards number which was format for years.

Everything was on point from the check in to the check out! I was very pleased and look forward to staying again with Marriot Courtyard!

Friendly staff, well positioned on 35. This is where I stay in the greater Austin area.

Room was very clean. The room service kept my room stacked with towels. Breakfast was really good

I love Marriott Hotels that's why I became a member. Cleanliness,  Comfort and the staff.

Excellent Service. Dinner menu could be improved.

My go to hotel in North Austin. Great service, hotel quality and... Netflix :-)

Two of my friends and I stayed here overnight after a concert in Austin. Hotel was easy to find. Check in and check out was super fast! Loved the king sized bed in the room! Hot water to shower! We had a great experience!

We will definitely return to stay at this nice clean hotel!

Is good

Highly recommend staying at this hotel. We had an excellent night sleep in a comfortable bed. Very nice food/beverage service. Pleasant staff. 5 our 5.

Haven't finished stay yet

Decent hotel

The hotel is clean, new, and neat with modern accents. The rooms are spacious as well as the bathrooms. Everyone is very helpful, including the front desk staff. The only problem we encountered was with the Bistro inside the hotel. As it is the only place you can get food, it is seriously understaffed.

Great hotel! Clean,cozy,great staff and maid service! Can't wait to go back!

Great staff and clean rooms

Great stay

Thanks to the staff for making my staff a memorable stay.  Everyone from the front desk to the café/bar provided consistently friendly service.  Great location and great service will have me returning again.

I stay frequently at this hotel mainly due to the folks that work there

Love this one , Clean spacious and good service , We always stay at the suite because it has a separate sitting area where I can put my kids to sleep , There's a bed sofa very big and comfy , small kitchen which is very convenient to wash my baby's bottles and any other needs . I gave it 4 stars only because check in was suppose to be at 3 and the room wasn't ready until about 3.45

All of the employees are very kind. From the girls at the front desk to the guys working the transportation system.

Nice hotel. Has Bloomberg. Rooms were clean and had space. TVs had built in Netflix and we're actually fast to change channel, etc.

Na

Great place to stay when in Austin

From entering the hotel to checking out, everything at the Courtyard Austin North was enjoyable.  The staff was friendly and helpful and the lobby area is inviting.  The walking paths are great for exercise and the rooms were clean.  The entire staff, housekeeping and front desk were all friendly and helpful.

Great hotel! Great staff! Perfect location!

Overall it was a nice stay. Saw some fruit flies on the pastries in the morning, I would probably put those in an enclosed area.  The staff was outstanding very customer focused.  The location was very convenient it was close to our work facility

Had a family member stay here while in town. They enjoyed their experience.

I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. It was very quiet and clean also the front desk clerk was very helpful. Me and my family would stay at this hotel in the near future.  Plus this Hotel is up the street from all the restaurants and about 10 minutes from 6th.

Hope the bed was replaced

Thank you for the outstanding service that was provided to me during my stay last weekend at the courtyard Marriott.

The room was very nice and the staff was wonderful and accommodating. Located not far from some great local restaurants and breweries.

Hotel was nice except for a few things. First woke up by loud guests next door at 4 am along with a strong smell of them smoking weed. I didn't call downstairs but it was annoying.  We booked the hotel for the "complimentary breakfast " which was not available.  Was told in the morning that this was the only hotel in the chain which didnt give free breakfast.  I told the desk clerk that the clerk the night before told me different.  She was unempathatic and didn't even offer any sort of apology.  Her service in handling this matter was unacceptable.  We paid $200 for the room and only to leave with a bad taste. I wont return to this property even though i am a Marriott member.

Used mainly as an overnight stay while in Austin. Very clean, modern look. Far enough away from the city that it's peaceful, but not too far to be away from the attractions. Did not use services of any kind, but I was very satisfied with the amenities and staff.

Very clean and nice

Friendly staff really Dell.

It was good

great place

After a bit of amenities confusion I loved my room

Great service and good food!!

Excellent hotel

Family from all over Texas met here for a reunion, we all had a wonderful weekend.

Just went for drinks

We did not have a choice of hotels due to a team event where our facility choices the hotel and we have to stay at chosen location.  This hotel was in a great location.  The staff was very friendly and always smiling.  We paid more then usual for our room so that we would have breakfast.  I would have preferred not to do that.  The breakfast was not very good nor where there many options.

Good

Place made me feel very welcome great customer service very quiet recommend it anytime

My weekend at this Marriott was very relaxing.  I felt safe at all times.  It was quiet and all the staff were very friendly and accommodating.  I would definitely return to this hotel.

Decent. Nothing in walking distance.

Awesome place

Very good stay . I will be back there 
 I will also tell my friends .

Great place would stay there again.

Great experience at reasonable cost.

The room was clean and more than adequate.

Great service

Great staff, one of the best. Comfortable rooms. Reasonably priced.

Exceptional service and courteous staffing

Awesome service

The whole staff was very knowledgeable, friendly, courteous, and professional.

Super clean. Great staff, friendly and helpful. 8 out of 10

Was only there briefly , but seemed nice enough.

Clean neat rooms. Excellent location next to hwy. Safe area. Friendly staff.

Excelente trato, limpieza, comodidad y muy amables. Los cuartos son de muy buen tamaño

Never before experienced the kindness and the part of the family feeling from the two ladies working the front desk. Clean and quiet rooms and just an overall Awesome experience. I want to Thank the staff for going above and beyond our expectations!!!

good value for the cost. friendly helpful staff.

Un buen hotel, descansas a gusto, buen servicio y comida muy rica.

Overall great location and the service is very good

Clean rooms good hotel just do not buy anything from their pantry 5$ for a small bag of chips

Highly recommended to stay in this location. They have great staff! They will make our stay comfortable!

your hotel was nice. you all could have complimentary breakfast that would be wonderful.

Clean, basic and good value

Bad road noise.  Staff was professional.  Still would pick another place next time though.

Nice hotel. clean rooms

We were greeted by friendly, helpful staff.  The hotel and our room was clean and comfortable. The indoor air conditioned pool was the main attraction.

Amazing hotel and staff!Keep up the amazing that you do!

Nice hotel. The bathrooms were not as clean as other hotels, but still good. The rooms were clean and comfortable to stay in. The lobby is pretty.

Accommodations were top rated, large and clean, staff friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was overpriced. Area competition offers similar accommodations,  free bfst, at equal rates!

Convenient location. Great staff. Clean.  It had a calm, subdued atmosphere, which I really appreciated.

El servicio fue excelente,  todos fueron muy amables

Good budget hotel if you are willing to drive a bit into downtown.

Beautiful and clean

Had no complaints until I received a credit card charge for "smoking damage". The hotel manager, Ms. Emily Nebrasky, said that she personally inspected the room and noticed the smoke damage.

Neither my husband nor I smoke. We never have. We had no guests in our room. While there I did notice a slight odor but chose not to complain about it.

Despite advising Ms. Nebrasky that we are prepared to sign affidavits to this effect she refused to reverse the charge.
What happened to "the customer is always right"

No restrurant so no room service.  Staff demonstrated a "I do not care" attitude.  Reservation, which was made 2+ months prior and confirmed again on the day of check-in was not correct.  No complimentary breakfast.  Overpriced for what you get.

Great staff, good location, great hotel overall

I love this location. Clean, updated, friendly staff.

Great place
Awesome staff and easy location

The staff were warm and friendly. They took time to ask how your day went. 
After having a stressful it was nice to see smiling faces.

Amazing staff and great interior design for the rooms!

Excellent guest service as well as very nice rooms!

Excellent in All It's Ways

Very comfortable, clean and most important for me - Quiet.  It was a short distance from where I needed to be during my stay, the room was very nice size and the bed was so comfortable I had no problem falling asleep each night.  The staff was helpful and friendly.  I don't think I could've asked for much more for what I needed in a home away from home.  One note, is that if you need a hotel with room service, this won't work - however they do have a full service bar with some good food that you can order and take up to your room.  Also, at least in my room, there was no tub - only a shower.  So if that is a problem for folks with kids, you may want to call the hotel and ask if that is in every room.

I travel to the Austin area frequently and always stay at the Courtyard on Palmer Ln.  The staff is very professional and friendly and extremely helpful.  Carmen and her team at the Bistro are the very best in providing service!

Great staff, very friendly. Rooms are clean and spacious. Typical great experience at a Courtyard.

The people at the front desk were friendly and helpful. Easy to get in and out of the area to get to UT and shopping, dining.

Friendly efficency  courtesious clerk. Housekeeping excelent....
Only drawback this survey is getting to long

Great location for business meeting

The attitude of the girl at check in made me feel welcome and appreciated. The same attitude was displayed by the girl in the Deli... Great service!

We had an excellent stay at the Marriott on Parmer. Everything was clean and comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly. The price was amazing for such a nice hotel.

Great hotel, friendly staff, rooms are very clean, comfortable and stylish.

Very cosy hotel by Marriott.

Normal hotel with expected amenities. Free WiFi is nice.

Odd location. Mediocre rooms and lobby

Excellent place to stay. Comfortable beds, good service.

Great

This place never disappoints!
Clean, comfortable & friendly staff. Great location right off of I-35.

Excellent service thanks JELLYfir performance in restaurant on tuesday - hope to see you on The Voice!!!

Great staff and service.  Always stay when I'm in the area.

Loved this hotel.  Clean, updated, and friendly staff.  And a microwave and small fridge in the room.

Clean. Nice

Was on vacation. Originally booked for two nights due to travel. Rebooked for our return thru Austin. Staff service rooms etc. excellant. Will stay again when in Austin.

A bit noisy from the highway

The hotel was very clean and fancy. My online requests weren't read so we continually needed to ask for things. Do not plan to sleep on the couch. There weren't pillows for the couch and it's so hard i barely got any sleep. The pool was nice. A little small and very cold the day we went. It's very slippery. The bed was very comfortable.

It's okay. Not too loud but it is right next to highway. I was expecting continental breakfast for the price, but it wasn't included.

This is a nice Hotel! The lobby looks new, clean, and welcoming.  The rooms are nice as expected.  The bathroom has a nice stand up,  glass shower. The finishes of the bathroom are high end.  Also the front desk staff were very nice.

Great hotel! The hotel has the best staff you could ask for!

This hotel exceeded all expectations. The room was very large and immaculate, the staff was friendly and the rates are surprisingly low for this size room.  We will return to this hotel on our next trip to Austin.

Room is super clean, the bed is comfortable

Staff needs to know what is going on. Very unpleasant experience

Courtyard Marriott are my preferred hotels. Great for business trips. I love the updated lounge area. Staff is always friendly. Definitely recommend the Courtyard Marriott.

Very well maintained property with excellent friendly staff. This is exactly what a Courtyard experience is supposed to be.

Nice, clean hotel. Friendly staff.

Everything was great. Only thing was water im the pool was cold.

Consider this hotel. Good price and it is very well maintained.

GOOD HOTEL TO STAY WHILE VISITING THE AUSTIN AREA.

Felt very welcomed by the most friendliest representative.

Great

Staff is excellent. Always a great stay! In Austin 50% of the time and this is my go to hotel

Courtyard Austin is a nice and clean Hotel. I recommend you to stay here if you visit Austin

The hotel is worth of the money.

I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Great customer service, clean rooms, and convenient location.

The staff was friendly and helpful and the facilities were excellent. Highly recommend staying at this location.

I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat.  The staff was great and professional. Rooms were very clean and linen with plenty of towels.

Great location, friendly

Clean.  Neat.  Convenient.

Meh

I enjoyed my stay. I am certain I will be back! The staff, room, and Bistro are all excellent.

Relatively standard experience. No complaints or issues, but nothing to necessarily rave about either. Staff was very friendly and attentive.

I was only picking up a friend but their cafe area looked impressive

Great 2 day stay! The property was immaculately maintained and decorated inside and out. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. There is a very generous menu offered in the Bistro. The front desk staff is friendly, efficient, and engaging. Will definitely stay at this property and more Marriotts in the future!

We stayed here for the powerlifting competition downtown and the entire staff was wonderful and very helpful. This is the reason why we will always stay at Marriott hotels. We will definitely be coming back!

We were pleased of excellent service.

The hotel is pretty nice with great rates. I really enjoy this hotel. They do not offer free breakfast but they do have a mini cafe/bar/Starbucks in the lobby. They do have free internet which is great and is not slow at all. The rooms are comfty and spacious.

This hotel has been by far the best hotel I've stayed at in Austin.

We really enjoyed our stay and was very appreciative of the amazing staff and cleanliness of the hotel.  The only suggestion I would like to make is that for the price I feel like there should be some sort of complimentary choice of breakfast and dinner options available as well.

Staff is exceptional!  Convenient to Austin & Round Rock. Facility is getting a bit dates, however, the lobby area and food is what one would expect from a Courtyard.  Overall, I would stay here again.

Some of our family members met there to celebrate my grandson, Will's, 10th bday.  The staff at the front desk was wonderful from check in to check out.  They really went the extra mile to insure our good time.  They even snuck some decorations and snacks into his room to surprise him upon our return. He was SO excited.  This type service is why I always choose Courtyard for my out of town home.  Big kudos to the staff !

So easy to check in and out with the mobile app on my phone. No hassles or in expected charges- effortless!

We had to move rooms due to the people we were put next to. They hotel staff was very understanding and moved us. The reason for 3 stars is because the prices at the hotel resturant were very high. And they didn't offer free breakfast. You would think since you have to drive a few miles to find something to eat they would lower their prices to keep you happy and feed you at the hotel.

Definetly A Five Star Hotel.
Excellent Service! Excellent Staff! Excellent Facility All Around! A Great Experience With No Problems What So Ever! A Must Stay Wonderful Place!

Very convenient to location of fields

Clean rooms

It was a nice night

I loved this property! Amazing staff, very new facilities, and great rooms. The lobby is fun to hang out in, and ask about the fire pit out back at night, it's awesome

Clean, comfortable and food was good too.

Very nice staff and property is well-maintained. This was my first time to stay at this location and I will stay here again on my next visit to Austin.

Room was good. There was a bed.

Not too shabby...comfortable.

FROM THE MOMENT WE ENTERED WE WERE GREETED AND FELT AT HOME AND VERY WELCOME. WE WERE DIRECTED TO OUR ROOM WHERE WE WERE AMAZINGLY SUPRISED AT HOW UP TO DATE THE ROOM WAS AND HOW UNHOTEL LIKE IT WAS. THE BED WAS COMFORTABLE WITH SOFT CLEAN LINENS. the RESTROOM WAS ALSO VERY CLEAN AND HAD EVERYTHING READY TO GO FOR US. BREAKFAST WAS GREAT AND SERVED PROMPTLY AND BY VERY FRIENDLY STAFF.

Showed up late with a reservation. Room was clean and comfortable.

This is a good place to stay as it is in a convenient location to many places in Austin. The King room with Sofa Bed is a really good room with both a refrigerator and microwave available as well as a desk for checking email after hours. Did not try The Bistro so not sure how their breakfast is in the mornings. Overall a nice place to stay!

Easy check in, staff had a quick answer for every inquiry, internet worked well. Surprised at how quiet it was considering it was just off of I-35. Great bed and great nights sleep parking lot was full but I felt like I was alone it was so quiet.

I am not sure if ALL managers at this particular Marriott and other locations treat guests this way but my group rate included breakfast but I was NOT provide breakfast at 7:50ish am, and there was no adjustment made to my rate. Also, as a group, we gave this hotel LOTS of business for the weekend (two nights).

Staff was very helpful and nice,

My stay at the Marriott was pleasant. The staff was wonderful rooms are clean

Completely satisfied with this Courtyard by Marriott. Right on the freeway in North Austin. Check in clerk very friendly and helpful. All personnel very friendly and asked if they could do anything to make my stay more pleasant. Manager went out of his way to make sure I felt welcome. Food was delicious. Service was great. Would highly recommend this hotel. All good.

Like all other Courtyards... Great service and clean rooms!

Poor water pressure and inconsistent hot water.

Nice, clean hotel friendly and professional staff

Great location. Near Ikea and RoundRock Outlet Mall. Right next to major highway.

Nice hotel, room, staff & food.

This hotel is excellent and the price cannot be beat. I have stayed in hotels throughout Texas and they were expensive and unattractive, smell of smoke all over in nonsmoking rooms.

I enjoyed the hront desk people. The were efficient and meet the needs of customers. Their smile was contagious!

As always I am never disappointed in Marriott.  The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly.  There is something ot say for consistancy and Marriott delivers everytime!  Thank you for being my home on the road!

Great hotel will highly recommend it to anyone traveling thru Austin.

Front desk staff is excellent! Even let us park our motorcycles up front so they could keep an eye on them.

Wonderful experience staying here! I would recommend this place to all my family and friends. Staff is warm and friendly. Hotel is modernized with the latest decor and technology. Rooms are bright, clean and smell clean too! Both pool and gym are small but served its purpose. Definitely worth the value. We'll be back!

Nice room and shower, however walls are thin. I can hear conversations easily from the next room.

Great stay

Ok

Always friendly staff. Love the location near my work and plenty of dining choices around.

Wonderful

What up

Great & Comfortable Rooms !! Lovely Staff & So Friendly. Food & Drinks are Amazing .  I Definitely Booked Reservation For Next Weekend. See Yall There :)

This Courtyard is clean and modern.  The staff is very friendly.  The rooms are nice with clean rooms and bathrooms.  The location is easy to access with many eating options nearby.

Convenience to site I was visiting, comfortable, like that a desk was available

Clean hotel.  Breakfast is good but not free. Nice rooms.

Not a bad hotel. Rooms are a little small, and the walls are kind of thing, and traffic in and out is tough. But the staff is friendly, its clean, and the bistro/bar is nice (but pricey)

The service is top notch.

An absolute delight. It's what you would come to expect from a Marriott Hotel. The customer service is beyond compare, and the rooms were the best. The fitness center, and the indoor pool are first rate. The Bistro serves good food at reasonable prices. The young lady at the reception desk was the best. She treated my wife and I, as though we were family.

would like to see more food service available in the evenings hours because after 1000 am their is no food available and you must leave the property to obtain it. This would allow more time to enjoy the room and u would not have to leave the property.

Location was great, a few minutes from downtown Austin. Clean and staff were friendly

It was a great stay. The room was awesome.

One of the best hotels in Austin ! Not busy, enough room. I always love the favored water and the pond in the back. Ask for that view it's less noisy.

In Austin visiting my son and found this to be THE place to stay!

Very clean. Looks to be a fairly new hotel. Friendly and helpful staff.

Very clean hotel. Every time I am in Austin I make sure I stay here. Staff is very friendly and helpful.

The site advertised the shuttle and lunch and dinner service at the bistro, neither of which were in operation for the time I was there.

But the staff and the room were so awesome that I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted a clean hotel and wonderful staff.

One of the best hotels I've stayed in. Room was large and immaculate. Bathroom was clean and towels were soft and plush. Very good lighting and carpet was very clean both in the boom and hallway. Nice that there was a bistro in the lobby to get breakfast without having to leave the hotel. Definitely will stay here again.

We had 3 rooms. Our group had nothing but compliments for our choice of hotels. Every room was large, beautifully decorated, and so roomy. I would recommend this place to anyone

Polite, friendly, and efficient check-in. Clean hotel and room. Seems fairly new. Mattress sagged a bit in the middle but not terrible. Right near freeway but room facing back of hotel was quiet. Thin walls. Can clearly hear people talking in adjacent room. Thankfully, they did not stay up late.

Very satisfied with exception to food found in refrigerator

very good and that is all.

Great hotel. Less than 5 years old so everything relatively new. Great helpful staff.

from start to finish my stay was great. great service, room, and very comfortable bed.

I always stay at this property as it is clean, safe, has friendly staff and convenient for my travel in the area.

Rooms are new and clean

Great location; less traffic than staying close to campus. Excellent staff

I don't often take time to write reviews but the staff and property were just great! I was truly impressed and will be visiting again soon.

DETALLES YA MENCIONADOS EN NUESTRA HABITACION

Courtyard rarely disappoints - hotels are always clean and nicely appointed, staff is always professional and happy, lots of amenities. The only issue we had was the indoor pool was being repainted during our stay which disappointed a couple of kiddos; but overall still my preferred hotel chain.

For 108.00 they could give you more then a cup of coffee.beds ok.

The staff is the best. Very friendly.

Consistent good service and experience

Food is over priced, it should have been delivered to room.

This is an awesome hotel, the employees are nice and so are the room , I will be staying here again!!!!

This courtyard is one of the best I have stayed in. The room was very clean and the front desk staff was superb. Though breakfast is not complimentary, the restaurant staff were very nice and friendly. I would definitely recommend staying here.

There was great customer service! nice clean hotel. The bistro was great. Happy hour 5pm-7pm was definately a plus. The rooms were very spacious and cosey. All and all i would definately recomend staying here

Very clean. And very friendly. I was disappointed that there was no continental breakfast.

Very peaceful and quiet location to get a good nice rest. Clean, spacious and friendly staff.

Great. Would tell family and friends about the great breakfast. Also great location and park to walk on behind the hotel. Next time to be prepared to swim in the pool. Forgot our suits.

Very nice and clean room. Room had a mini fridge to keep a couple bottles of water cool. There is a half mile running track right outside the door that makes a nice break from the traditional hotel treadmill. I also used the weight room with free weights. Lobby bar had good selection of sandwiches and salads that was convenient, had dinner there twice and both nights it was good.

Great hotel for business trips. I was there 3 nights and couldn't have asked for anything better at this price point.

I stay here all the time when I come out to Austin for business. It's at a great central location to Austin and some of the surrounding cities. The staff in the lobby is friendly, but it's too bad that recently the two times I have come to this Courtyard, there are new staff members. Too bad the turnover rate seems high. Overall, great experience each time I have stayed at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane.

Modern lodging with great staff.

Everyone was very friendly and I had a comfortable stay.

Great location to stay sllways great customer service and a very polite staff

Verbleef twee nachten in dit hotel met een delegatie. Het is een bovengemiddeld hotel met vooral een zakelijk karakter en een goede prijs/kwaliteit verhouding. De kamers zijn netjes, ruim en de bedden zijn comfortabel. Er is een Starbucks in het hotel dat 's ochtends het ontbijt verzorgd met ene opvallend ruime kaart. Jammer alleen dat deze starbucks niet de hele dag open is. Het hotel ligt vlakbij enkele restaurants. De dienstverlening is erg goed. Vriendelijk personeel dat mee denkt. Zo mochten wij voor een ontmoeting een vergaderkamer voor een ochtend gebruiken. Downtown Austin ligt op ruim ene kwartier met de taxi en is dus goed te doen.||Toen wij na twee dagen naar een ander hotel in Austin vertrokken ivm een conferentie werd onze bagage door het hotel daarheen gebracht. Kortom, dit hotel is echt een aanrader.

Pretty clean and convenient. I would stay here again.

- Gave me a room with wrong configuration of bed(s)
- Was hesitant to change it even though one was available with the correct configuration (double beds) = very poor attitude
- Billed me for the initial room, which was higher rate
- When reported in the morning, told me that it was fixed in the system
- When I requested for a "Zero Balance" receipt, the rate was STILL wrong and NOT changed
- Took forever to get it changed because the employee didn't know how to, and I was late for a meeting back in Dallas
- The fridge in the room was not bolted down, and nearly fell on my foot when I opened the fridge door...

Great stay amazing staff wonderful hotel.

Walls are a little thin. Bring some headphones.

Great, thank you for everything! Especially front desk.

Great stay overall, very clean and well kept.

Austin may still be weird, but the Courtyard Austin North / Parmer Lane Marriott is AWESOME! The property and décor is inviting and contemporary. The staff could not possibly be any more friendly or helpful. Enjoy!

This hotel is a nice place to stay if you are doing business in downtown Austin. Not all the hustle and bustle with the downtown streets and it only takes 12 minutes to get to downtown Austin...would definitely recommend

For the price we paid, this property is far superior to some of the other hotel chains further south on I-35, closer to The University of Texas at Austin. The rooms are updated, clean and well stocked with supplies. Staff was efficient and professional.

Location is close to dining and shopping. Since this was a very short stay we did not have the opportunity to take advantage of any of the other amenities. I would stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to friends and family.

Overall, a nice city hotel

Need to change the bed mattress and the Gym should be big and more equipment.

My stay at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane in Austin, TX was excellent. The staff was courteous and friendly and the rate was great for a one night stay. My only recommendation would be to include a complimentary breakfast with the hotel or at least continental breakfast included.

I traveled to Austin wanting to stay downtown but I couldn't because they where booked. So I ended up at the Courtyard off of Parmer and let me tell you, they treat you like a KING/QUEEN I know it's just the Courtyard but I felt like I was staying at the 4 seasons!! when you check it you are greeted with your last name offered me refreshments because I was HOT, they had free WiFi and when it came to have some fun go talk to Brandon the night Audit he knows his City!

I will definitely be back!

For my purposes, this hotel has a great location and a very good value for area hotels. Clean, comfortable room with an excellent room A/C and other niceties that worked very well, like refrigerator, WiFi, etc.

Staff at this hotel are exceptionally helpful and will go above and beyond the job to see to it your stay is the best it can be!!!

Everything about this Courtyard was great! Beautiful hotel, wonderful service, and great atmosphere!

You ca always count on Courtyard Marriott for cleanliness and quality at an affordable price.

Very friendly from the moment you walk in!

Great overall stay at this hotel. Clerks were extremely friendly and room was nice and clean.

I definitely recommend this hotel. The rooms are great, the bed linens are clean and the bed is extremely comfortable. Overall, I was pleased with everything this hotel has to offer.

enjoyed the two evenings, far from city center though. Very friendly staff and clean, comfy rooms.

Good experience and it was a confortable stay.

Clean, beautiful, ideal place for relaxation and weekend getaway. Very friendly staff. Highly recommended.

Excellent value for your money

I love this hotel and I will return back again and again in the future. Thanks for your service.

Room 132; backs up against the storage closest. Kitchen staff moves equipment at 11pm and 5am. Layout problem but overall nice hotel.

The food staff was outstanding! Great service. Location is good for business travel.

Staff is excellent. happy employees, great guest experience.
Many other places to stay in town, wont stay any where else.
Brian, Jenny and Garret make an awesome Management team.
Carmen, Kelsey, Elizabeth and Pablo, deliver 1st class service at the Bistro.
Jessie, Craig and Brittany are great at the Front Desk.
Housekeeping staff is WONDERFUL.- thanks to  Carla and her team.

Best place to stay in Austin!

Clean, up to date, grounds could use work but room was nice, bathroom was fair.

Poor and spenser breakfast menu.

The room was so clean and no dust in the drawers. Bathoroom was so clean and shiny. I enjoyed the cleanness of the room. I have O.C.D. and need to be sure every thing that touches my purse and things are sanitized and clean. When I used my wipes to clean the surface of the desk and inside the drawers,I did not find any dust. That made me feel very comfortable.m:) .

Great staff. Very helpful, very friendly. Excellent accommodations. Location and parking was fine. Indoor pool was really appreciated by our two small children. The room was first rate.

Very nice hotel in a great location

Staff is super friendly and always willing to help. Starbucks onsite is a huge plus. Also, the oatmeal breakfast is great.

Rooms are nice as you would expect in a Courtyard. Only complaint is parking which seems like too few for the 2 hotels on site

The facility was very accommadting for my job and would return.

I was needlessly worried about thin walls and traffic noise based on other reviews. I didn't find them bothersome at all. I couldn't hear any other guests talking/watching tv, etc... Traffic... Yes, you could hear the freeway when the air was not on, but you can turn the fan on and not hear it at all. The room was very clean and comfortable, and I slept great. Everyone who works at the hotel was very nice and helpful and the Starbucks coffee is an excellent feature. There are also tons of shopping and dining options in the area. I would definitely stay again.

I had a wonderful experience while staying at this place. Staff were extremely friendly, the room was nice and clean and the location was in a safe place.

Awesome.e hotel. I just wish they would have had a complimentary breakfast.

The staff was so friendly and helpful. The room was super clean. The bed was comfortable.

Everything has been fantastic. Although a short visit, it's been thoroughly enjoyed by myself and my brother.
The beds and pillows are sooo comfy. Everything clean. No funky smells in the rooms. Water pressure was great. Everything in our room actually WORKED! :-)
Didn't have reason to interact a whole lot with staff, but everyone I did interact with was very polite and friendly. Front desk always greeted me verbally and with a smile when I walked by.
The rooms are nicely soundproofed. Didn't hear traffic/noise from outside. Even hallway noise was barely noticed.
Saving this location to stay again!!!

Craig n staff are awesome. Hotel is modern and clean.

Everything went well the hotel is clean the services are good , the location was very convenient for us

The room was relaxing, close the business site, and well maintained.

This was the best stay I have ever had at any Hotel or Marriott Property to date. This was an exceptional Hotel. The only thing I wish they had was Complimentary Breakfast. Other than that this is a Beautiful area & lots of Restaurants. Whatever you do if you are considering this Property stay here!! It looks brand new. Lots of Parking!

This hotel is in a good location close to Austin where I can be downtown in just a few minutes but still far enough out that I get the feel of being out of the city. Lots of good eating places in the area and a walking track nearby make it my favorite place to stay in Austin.

Bathroom needs more attention.

Marriott hotels have the best customer service around. You feel like you are staying in a luxury hotel, but don't have to pay those prices. I will always stay in Marriott hotels if I have the choice.

Yo le doy un 10 en todas las areas muy Buen servicio

Excellent stay. Fair price. Very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful.

Excellent location, easy to get to. Staff was amazing and rooms were very clean and comfy.

I had a great experience.The staff was pleasant and very helpful.

My boyfriend and I almost always stay at Courtyard Marriott when we are out of town. The customer service was great and our room was fantastic... EXCEPT. Our room did not include a bathtub as the website stated it would (shower/tub combo). Usually we would not care, but we wanted a relaxing night in with a nice bath soak (we even brought bubble bath and bath salts!!!). We were disappointed but still thoroughly enjoyed our stay.

Excellent Staff and Hotel. I am in Austin 2 to 3 times per month, and the Courtyard Austin/Parmer Lane is my "Go To" hotel.

Have absolutely no complaints. Staff was happy to help with check in at 1a

Clean, good food except breakfast is only complemetary for so many people. The pool area is hot its indoors you would think it would be a little cooler than outside, more like a sauna room.

I think the venue and staff do an overall good job... there is always room for improvement or better - continuous improvement. The challenge is that this venue serves to business and leisure so to meet all expectations is almost impossible. It has to be a mixture of the best of both worlds. What qualifies is a question for the masses.

Everyone at this hotel offers great hospitality! I've stayed here a number of times, and the only weak point of this hotel are the single-paned windows. All rooms essentially face the highway, due to the angle, so, there's a lot of highway noise, even in the rooms that mostly face the greenery on the side mostly opposite to the highway. Another weak point I have found is the tap water pressure at the sink in most rooms -- it's non-existent, and it takes minutes for the hot water to appear. But the water pressure of the shower is always good -- only the sinks are problematic.

Amazing place and great employees. Top notch

the stay was great the service was outstanding the personnel were very professional and it made my and my family stay very enjoyable

This Courtyard is nicely appointed and extremely clean and well maintained. Great stay.

Nicely appointed Courtyard, newly renovated, friendly and courteous staff.

The only major drawback to this hotel is it's limited access to the surrounding businesses by foot. Not that I think that the property could do anything about that but it was a negative aspect to my stay.

great hotel, area seemed safe, everyone was wonderful

Stuff we're friendly and helpful. Provide me with excellent customer service. Difficult would be back.

Good location to restaurants and shopping center as well as main highways.

I thank you for being polite and helpful.

I was here on a business trip and the place had excellent service and the room was extremely comfortable!

Very clean and well kept hotel with great service!

If you want professionalism, courtesy, comfort and convenience, you must stay at this Courtyard. I travel a lot, and have found other establishments to be sufficient; however, this Courtyard went above and beyond. Rate 5 Stars for Sure.

Nice, traffic noise okay, excellent staff

This hotel is great. It is clean and the staff are friendly and welcoming.

Por trabajo fui hospedado aquí.||||Encontré una cucaracha en el baño, me cambiaron de habitación... y en la nueva habitación había "bed bugs". No hicieron la limpieza de mi habitación (ni la de otros 2 compañeros) en 2 noches.||||La atención es buena, pero parece que les hace falta staff.||||Está junto a una autopista en el medio de la nada. ||||No lo recomiendo en lo absoluto.

The accommodation at The Courtyard for my business trip were amazing. I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone traveling.

Awesome Time and stay at the Austin Courtyard.

Good except breakfast staff

Will book again next time we're in town

Excellent service and excellent price!

Very satisfied and will more than likely stay there again.

The staff were all very friendly and very polite. They were receptive to my needs and gave valuable assistance. The room was extremely clean and quiet. Even though I was next to the elevator, I could not hear it or the people noise that came from the elevator.

Great room and amenities in a great location. Above all customer service - very impressive and must recommended.

Our Courtyard experience is always a great one. This particular Marriott Courtyard is clean and beautiful. Very nice! Employees were nice and helpful!

Always my first choice when traveling to this area.

The hotel was updated and very clean. The staff was extremely friendly. Taking the shuttle to business meetings was very convenient. I would recommend this hotel.

The hotel and the staff were absolutely AMAZING!! I strongly encourage you to stay here.

Friendly, caring staff and nice clean rooms.

Really enjoyed the stay here!

Pleasant and relaxing stay! Ideal location to the interstate

Excellent service, excellent hospitality and very clean!

Clean and pleasant stay. Very upscale and is a nice place to meet clients in the lobby.

The hotel was impeccably clean. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. And, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They really could not have been nicer. They performed as though this was a 5-star hotel. We will definitely be back.

Modern and clean. Very appealing but thin walls. I heard full telephone conversations and television every night from neighboring rooms.

One of the best Marriott experiences and I stay at Marriott chain hotels almost everywhere I go

The staff was awesome. The room and other facilities were clean

It was a great weekend we spent aways from home.

I felt relaxed and safe the whole time.

I experienced very friendly staff, good food, and clean rooms. Also very close to interstate and easy to find.

I had a good experience here at this hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean

Great experience. Felt very comfy and safe.

My stay at the Courtyard Marriott was one that was comfortable and relaxing.

I was assigned the Courtyard Marriott as the place we were to stay when we were to set standards for STAAR. It was a very clean hotel and staff were very accommodating.

I would recommend this hotel for any weekend getaway or business trip.

This Courtyard Marriott is a nice property close to several restaurants. It is also close to several large corporations with easy north/south and east/west navigation. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable.

Hotel was clean & nicely decorated. Hotel had arranged a breakfast for our group but it was Disappointing

I would stay again...Customer service was great...facility was great!!!

Dining staff was rude. But other staff was kind.

Great service, fantastic room. Will definitely stay here again!

Poor laundry facilities. Slow internet, poor dining experience. Good location

The accommodations were clean and comfortable. We happened to be there during South by Southwest, so the price was a bit steep. The location was good for our purpose, a wedding within 6 miles of the hotel.

Very nice two night stay. Staff was very pleasant. No problems or issues.

Staff was nice, rooms, lobby and grounds were neat/clean. Love that they have a frig and microwave and all the plugs throughout the room.

Recently stayed at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane location and quite enjoyed it. The hotel was very well maintained, stylish with a high level of quality service. Bistro food was excellent with little wait time. Rooms were comfortable. Location was convenient for my business but also had a large number of shopping and restaurants nearby.

Very relaxing, clean property, close enough to all activities in Austin and surrounding areas.

Staff was very professional and courteous. Received immediate resolution to a booking issue, they were able to handle the issue locally with no outside help or waiting. Great crew

This was my third stay at this Courtyard in 2 years. Great place with a great stay. The property still looks and feels new. Grace is the best!

Courtyard of Marriott is my hotel of choice. Quality of service and overall experience is consistent from state to state.

I just got a two night hotel here, but I was put in probably the loudest room possible. Out of all the rooms available, I was placed by loud arguing people in an adjoining room where they kept trying to open the door between us! I'm not even staying another night. Got a hotel cause the weather conditions are terrible, but I'd rather drive home! The room and bed was comfortable, but you can hear 35. Next time no thank you priceline!

Overall great property and Great Staff

I stayed in the Courtyard and enjoyed every minute of my stay. From the friendly staff members to the luxurious and up to date rooms. Everything was perfect and clean. The king size bed was clean and so soft and the the pillows were soft as well. I plan to stay there again real soon...

The staff service is excellent during my stay at this 'Courtyard Marriot North/Parmer ln, Austin'.
Last week I stayed at 'SpringHill Suites Austin North/Parmer Lane', the staff was not polite and not customer friendly nature.

Road noise from highway an issue

Spent a romantic weekend for Valentine's Day with my husband. Had dinner reservations directly across the street and it was so very nice to not have to drive very far after having a couple glasses of wine with dinner. The staff was courteous and polite, the décor was bright, refreshing and up to date and the room and entire facility was clean, tidy and uncluttered. Love that they had ice water and hot tea out front and coffee by the cup in the room. We only had to leave the room for a bucket of ice and to have dinner and that was the exact plan for a romantic night out. Thank you Courtyard for making our stay so comfortable and lovely.

Tiny, spongy pillows - many of them - and all of them are awful.

Doors creak like an old haunted house.

Building is too close to highway - too noisy.

I will be back in March to stay again

The consistent quality and ambiance of Marriott.
I am a flooring contractor, the bath room area could more "Marriott like" with the right materials

As usual, the staff was great & room ready & clean

I was impressed with the rooms being very clean. I felt welcome by the staff!

Great room, happy courteous staff. Everything was as they show in there pictures. No surprises..Had an awesome time,

Overall a clean room but deman a room off the 5th floor away from the freeway if you plan to get any sleep!

I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Was here on business, but would recommend it for leisure travel as well.

I really enjoyed this hotel. It was excellent!

I have Noooooooo complaints, great overall hotel experience.

Very enjoyable stay at this hotel. Comfy beds!

Upon arrival the desk clerk was very polite and welcoming...the lobby was clean & decorated nice...going into the room the beds are comfortable & bathroom clean...no complaints on my end!!!!

I tend to stay again. Ideally located

Great value for the money, good locaiton, no issues.

Overall I give a 9/10 for this hotel. We weren't informed of our free breakfast until our last night there, and the internet wasn't always high speed but the rooms were clean and good people working there and a good coffee shop.

This location was surprisingly inexpensive compared to others, and was very clean and well kept up with modern decor and furnishings. The only real downside was a worn out mattress in our room that was very hard. I liked having the fridge & microwave, sitting area, and I liked all the tables in the lobby area downstairs. Free internet worked well enough on Saturday night to watch Netflix, though on Friday it was slower.

Cable TV is missing a couple of the basic cable channels you'd expect like HGTV, Travel channel, and food network, but if netflix works you won't miss it.

Liked how clean and friendly the hotel staff were.

We needed a good night's rest so we could give our attention to meeting with family and friends to participate in a wedding rehearsal the following day. Because of our pleasant experience and good rest during the night, we were able to function at our best while interacting with the other participants at the church.

Great price, nice people. Comfortable bed. I'll be back!

This is a great business hotel. The hotel has been redone to be modern and business friendly.

One of the greatest benefits is the huge open lobby set up specifically for the business traveler. Awesome.

Staff is unbelievable. They took care of everything and when I was checking out the manager and two others were there and thanked me for staying with them. That is a touch of genuine appreciation that I thought was really great.

My little niece got married in Austin and my family happened to stay at the Marriot court yard for three nights. The stay was indeed very pleasant compared to most hotels I have stayed in recent years. Customer service was excellent, very clean environment, my skin color was not a problem. House keeping services were great, always there and on point. I will recommend this hotel to anyone at anytime. My kids and wife had a nice stay. The price was very good and no hidden charges at the end.

Great property. Excellent Service.

Convient place to stay and the property was clean and neat.

Great service, excellent rooms, and conviencent food and beverage availability

have stayed @ this location over 40 times this year, always come back

Excellent hotel and staff. I enjoyed a friendly visit there with my wife and we both enjoyed our stay very much. We plan to return to this hotel for more Austin get-a-ways.

Nice hotel. Good amenities. I will stay here again.

great hotel, would like better dinner options

Wonderful staff, great amenities, convenient location

The hotel is nice - updated decor, clean, spacious rooms. My family enjoyed our stay. Kids can sleep pretty much anywhere, and my husband sleeps like the dead. I didn't sleep at all - HARD bed. I've been on lots of trips and I've never slept on one so uncomfortable - our air mattress is better. So, for me I wouldn't come back. But if you like your bed on the firm side - great hotel for you.

Customer service and cleanliness of hotel was tops! I would definitely stay here again and recommend this location to others.

From beginning to end our stay at the Courtyard Austin North/Parmer Lane was great!

The room was bigger than expected. Clean and neat. Staff was awesome. Internet was slow (free)

Clean, spacious, comfortable and inviting

Exterior of the hotel is very modern and nice. The lobby is as well. The rooms are ok in terms of decor. The beds are very hard and the bathroom was in need of an extra scrub down. Our shower had stains in the basin that looked like bleach was not being used. Also, the towels and sheets were dingy and yellow. Not crisp white.

Perfect location for visiting my customer Dell. The bed is so comfortable.

Excellent service, rooms and staff. Great price even on a BIG event weekend!

We were a bit disappointed to settle for booking rooms out of the downtown core. But we found that the Courtyard was quite convenient to downtown and other parts of Austin without the traffic congestion of the Halloween celebrations and the race's fan fest both underway downtown. The well-appointed and maintained facility and the helpfulness, upbeat attitude and engaging nature of the staff, from the front desk to the bistro staff, sealed the deal. Great experience.

Las habitaciones estan muy limpias y son super espaciosas. Tienes todos los recursos del hotel a tu disposición, y si te falta algo ya puedo asegurar que te lo conseguirán. Lo mejor de todo es el servicio, des de las mujeres de la limpieza a las recepcionistas. Te solucionan cualquier problema o duda, te reciben super contentos y preocupandose si todo está bien. Ya es mi tercer año y no dudaría en coger el mismo hotel.

I was surprised with how cozy, clean, good smelling, beautifully decorated the entire hotel and our room was. The staff were all courteous, cheerful and helpful.

I have stayed at this hotel twice. On both occasions my room was clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and efficient. Recommended.

Arrived late evening (around 9pm); left next day (7:30am); Hotel was fine. I stay at Courtyards as I always know what I'm going to get - no surprises, which is what I wanted.

EVERYTHING WAS ALRIGHT NOTHING SPECTACULAR BUT CONSISTANT SOMETHING YOU WOULD EXPECT FROM MARRIOTT

Great stay with friendly staff. I found the hotel along with rooms very clean and comfortable. Would certainly come back for another stay.

Pleased with my stay at hotel

Very friendly and professional staff

Nice clean friendly environment

Gotta go and running out of time!

Overall great hotel.not far drive from sixth street.hotel very clean and modern.love the security feature of having to use room key at night to get into hotel late.very comfortable beds.All thats misding is free breakfast.although they do have options for purchase.

Everything was great except for the lack of complimentary coffee. When I asked the staff when the coffee would be put out, I was informed that Courtyard Marriotts no longer offer complimentary coffee.

Staff is excellent, always my choice in North Austin.

bath room water damage and odor

My stay was wonderful. The staff was great. Would stay there again.

Very clean and professional

This is a wonderful hotel with very friendly staff and sylish updated décor. My only complaint is that the beds are entirely too firm and I did not get a restful night's sleep. I would stay here again though and highly recommend it.

While not in the immediate downtown area, this hotel offers amenities, proximity, and a staff that make it worth the stay. The hotel staff was very helpful with our large group. The rooms are comfortable and current and surprisingly spacious. I particularly enjoyed the free and upgraded internet option as well as the jogging trail behind the hotel.

If you were doing a quick overnight stay for business or just a place to lay your head, this place is fine. I would not recommend it for a family vacation or anything. Close to the highway but the noise did not intrude into the room.

Staff service and lobby area is excellent. Old hotel remodeled, very slow moving elevators, towels etc. smelled like soaked in bleach, horribly slow internet in 21st century

Clean/well Run. Typical Courtyard

Enjoyed the stay at the Courtyard. It was a pleasant retreat from activities at our convention. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable. I'd stay here again.

Great hotel. Very friendly and professional staff. Good location North of traffic headaches.

My stay at this Courtyard was great! The rooms were very clean and the staff was very helpful!

If you want a quick bite to eat before hitting road you will have to pay for it. Other than that great hotel!

Friendly staff, conveniently located, comfortable bed, great amenities.

After staying at multiple Courtyard properties over the last two years, I simply do not stay anywhere else, and it simply does not disappoint. Always impressed with the look, cleanliness, and spaciousness of the room.

This is our preferred hotel whenever we visit the AUSTIN area. The staff is very friendly, the decor throughout the hotel is modern and colorful, and rooms are great!

As soon as you walk you're greeted by a great staff your room is ready the hotel is nice and you almost the rooms are big cleanthis was a perfect hotel for a great weekend

This is the third time I've stayed at this hotel for business purposes and every day I've had their oatmeal breakfast combo and everytime it's delicious.. I tell my other associates getting breakfast to consider the oatmeal.

Very nice lets do here again

You were a fantastic staff.

5 star staff without the 5 star price tag!

My elderly mother and I stayed for a weekend at this hotel. We were very impressed with the service and the room. This is a nice property and I would recommend for business or pleasure.

Excellent Service and facility

Nice hotel, no issues, cleaning staff and desk staff were all very friendly.would stay at the hotel again.

Great! Stayed here 4 times the past two years , always great service

For business in North Austin, the location and price is great. The staff is very helpful. The rooms are quiet with comfortable beds. The downside is the Bistro Cafe set up for breakfast and dinner. It is over priced with limited menu for breakfast. I found the service to be slow. I prefer the Courtyard's that have a breakfast buffet where I can get in and out quickly to move on with my day. If you have time, find a place close by that will give you better value for your food.
It's a shame about the Bistro Cafe since everything else about this hotel is outstanding!

We had a good stay in Austin and enjoyed our stay with you. We would recommend you to all of our friends and family. The staff was very nice and always had a smile for everyone.

The hotel is kept clean and the staff is very polite.

Excellent and Affordable

Overall great! Wish the towels looked better.

Very Good

A wonderful experience! Our room was spacious, clean, neat and modern. The lobby and staff were great. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel or my stay and I am hard to impress as far as cleanliness.

My favorite hotel in Austin or anywhere for that matter. Excellent hotel and customer service! My second home.

The hotel itself was very nice.It had all of the amenities that we require.The staff was outstanding.

The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are clean and relaxing. The rooms had refrigerator, microwave, and coffee pots which makes traveling with a small child easy. If you have special dietary needs it is a little more difficult to eat in the restaurant. I have Celiac's Disease and there are not many offerings. They did make my scrambled eggs separately. I bring my own muffins and heat them up in the microwave before going downstairs for breakfast. Overall, wonderful place to stay.

Par excellance. I love the customer first attitude of staff and the lobby lay out.

Very friendly staff and nice room. No free breakfast and the bistro is terribly overpriced.

VANDALISM!!!!Car got broken into within minutes.Thieves were professionals, breaking glass and lock. police told me this was not the first time. The gentleman at the front desk NOT once assisted me, came outside or talked to police. He didn't even say anything when i returned the broom after sweeping up the glass.

Road noise is so loud it is difficult to sleep

Friendly staff, enjoyed my stay there.

Standard courtyard, but loud due to inadequate soundproofing.  Hotel is next to a busy interstate highway, 	and oriented in a way that makes most rooms at least partially face the highway.

The room was small compared to other Courtyards I've been to.  The room had a putrid perfumed scent trying to mask years of smoking in this room.  When I checked in, I was given a room that someone else was in. I was greeted by a yelling older woman in her night clothes. This was my welcome to Austin's Courtyard by Marriot. I paid $200/night; an inflated price due to it being graduation week end.
Needless to say, I won't be returning.

Everyone here was very helpful.  I stayed for 2 weeks for work.  I had no problems while I was here and this Bistro is great!!!!

Nice hotel

I will never recommend any British national go to Marriott hotel islambad and use courtyard Café. They’re not gonna give you any kind of discount on your 3 million Card signature account so please be careful before use any kind of order, there and also management was really horrible. Not gonna accommodate anything according to your bank card details even the discount showing on the app, but they’re not gonna give you Thank you

Nice 👍 good

Großes Hotel, Gebäude etwas unübersichtlich aufgebaut. Pool sehr klein. Sehr freundliches Personal. Sehr gute Qualität und Auswahl an Speisen in verschiedenen Restaurants innerhalb des Hotel. Preise sehr teuer für Pakistan, Zimmer wie auch Speisen und Getränke. Lounge entspricht eher einen günstigen Hotel und hat eine sehr kleine Auswahl, Essen steht dort meist den ganzen Tag, am Abend wäre ich daher vorsichtig mit den Speisen. Bettwäsche im Zimmer hat Löcher und ist nicht immer ganz sauber aber unter Berücksichtigung der letzten lokalen Verhältnisse, ist es ein sehr guter Durchschnitt.

good

Nice good 👍

Nice experience. Good location and service

Poor service and poor food but hotel cleanliness was good

I had a lovely experience with Marriott International while attending a high-level European Union business conference. The stay, hospitality, and overall hotel experience were excellent. Everything was professionally managed, comfortable, and truly enjoyable.

One of Pakistan top location for residential and food

Great 👍🏼

Excellent in all aspects

Most expensive hotel in isb

Swimming pool outstanding healthy food

Very very good

Islamabad Marriott Hotel — Highly rated for professional services, spacious rooms, and excellent breakfast.Popular among international visitors and business travelers.
The hotel is praised for high security and safety, which many international travelers appreciate when visiting Islamabad. Some Reddit users even call it one of the “most heavily fortified” Marriott properties.
Service quality gets consistently high ratings. Guests often mention staff being friendly, attentive, and professional. Booking.com reviewers gave staff around 9/10 ratings.
Breakfast at the hotel’s  is frequently described as excellent, with a large buffet and good variety.
Rooms are generally described as clean, comfortable, and quiet.
The location is considered very convenient for business travelers, diplomats, and tourists visiting central Islamabad.

Service and food Zero

Just okay

Unimpressive lobby area

Unprofessional staff at Nadia restaurant!

Well, might be the most safe hotel in Islamabad.

Good 👍

So beautiful

Nice Place

Good place to visit.

I had the opportunity to stay at the Marriott Hotel Islamabad. It was an excellent experience . The staff were quite welcoming and  professional .
The dining options were impressive, with high-quality food and wonderful variety. Facilities were well-maintained.
Overall, it was a wonderful experience, and I would highly recommend it for a comfortable and enjoyable stay in Islamabad.

Good

Elite

Good to re visit.

VVIP person ky kiye han

Parking is not good there is enough space but its not good especially on a rainy day

Don’t go  Should train front desk person I think name nasar otherwise valley staff experience and well behave thanks

Best place with best services especially in the heart of capital

One of the best hotel in Pakistan.

Good

Good Food good Service Everything is very Good

Good 👍🏻

Very nice place beautiful hotel good nice food

Best every

Excellent 👍

Everything is great. Just when I want to record the hotel, the staff was so rude to me and said that it's not allowed to recording in this hotel -with a bad way. So I think no need to give any review cause they don't want 🤷🏻‍♀️

Everything was simply great about our stay over there. The rooms were very clean and in pristince condition with complete amenities. Staff was very courteous and friendly. Breakfast buffet at Nadia's cafe was scrumptious with a lot of offerings and delicacies.

I visited Marriott Hotel Islamabad to attend the US University Fair, and the experience was excellent. The event was very well managed, and everything was organized smoothly. The hotel offered a comfortable and welcoming environment, with professional staff and great facilities. Truly enjoyed my time and loved the hotel.

Very good 👍
Nice 🙂

Such a bad located place. It was raining and we got all wet. Gripped in tight security. Not worth it's price.

NICE

So beautiful ❤️

Good Facilities 👍

Good service

Good Experience. Nice Hotel .

Good
Nice

Good and delicious food

Amazing

Best place for tourists to stay there and can enjoy great meals..

The Islamabad Marriott Hotel is a distinguished 5-star establishment situated at the base of the Margalla Hills in Islamabad, Pakistan. Its prime location offers convenient access to notable attractions such as Rawal Lake, the Pakistan National Council of Arts, and various cultural heritage sites including Saidpur Village and Faisal Mosque.
The hotel features a variety of dining options, each specializing in different cuisines:
Nadia Coffee Shop: Offers buffet-style meals and an à la carte menu with international and local flavors.
Lily: Serves authentic Chinese cuisine, including Cantonese and Szechuan dishes.
The Royal Elephant: Specializes in traditional Thai dishes prepared by expert Thai chefs.
KIKU: Provides contemporary Japanese cuisine, featuring live sushi preparations.
Zigolini: Focuses on Italian cuisine, offering freshly made pasta and thin-crust pizzas from a brick oven.
In addition to its dining venues, the hotel offers amenities such as complimentary on-site and valet parking, and an airport shuttle service upon request.
Overall, the Islamabad Marriott Hotel is recognized for its strategic location, diverse culinary offerings, and comprehensive amenities, making it a prominent choice for visitors to Islamabad.

Good

Nice meeting place

Odalar çok geniş. Hijyen çok iyi. Oda temizliği çok düzenli be detaylı yapılıyor. Restoran çok zengin ve hizmet çok tatmin edici. Kısmen otelde yaşlanma var ve düğün varsa biraz da gürültü oluyor.

Good 👍

Good

Very good 😊👍

Healthy  food and  good  atmosphere.

Too complicated to get in and out, I understand security reasons but this is just stupid. The rooms are a bit too small but overall great exp.

Very good 👍

Amazing room  Dinner was very good.

Outstanding hotel, amazing food, clean rooms, great staff especially MS Naheed, MS Huma, Mr Zohaib & Mr Sohail who specially got me a hot Mug of tea every morning. The negatives were the hotel is isolated with nothing near by, the gents pool is outdoor and freezing when the weather is cold so we could not use. The biggest NO NO was that maintenance work was being carried out during the night some where in the rooms above, drilling, banging etc at 2-3 am, so we had some sleepless nights as did others which affected our days, no real apology from the hotel but they did stop around 10pm most nights when we complained on the 3rd occasion which allowed us to sleep. For a Marriott the service was slow and took time to address when we had an issue that's why i give 2 stars.

I was here to enjoy Hi Tea with friends

The buffet options were great, fresh and in abundance

We had a wonderful stay here, food avaliable all day evwn during ramadan. Everything according to Marriott standards 👌
Great location is you're up for a little hiking - trails 10min walk form the hotel!

So nice

So good 😊

Good

Good iftar dinner offered during Ramadan. Moderate price and good value for money

Good

Good 👍😊

Excellent Food and ambiance

Tried the Iftar buffet at Marriott Islamabad and it was quite an experience. The spread was genuinely impressive, with a wide variety that covers pretty much every craving you might walk in with after a long day of fasting.

Standouts for me were the sushi, well-made and fresh, which is honestly not easy to pull off at a buffet, the chicken tikka was spot on with the right char and smokiness, and the fish steak was cooked beautifully. Those three alone made the trip worthwhile.

That said, it wasn't all a win for me personally. The Knafeh and a few of the other desserts and dishes didn't quite hit the mark,  more of a personal taste thing than a quality issue, but worth mentioning for an honest review.

Overall it's a mixed bag depending on your palate, but the presentation throughout is top-notch, you're paying for the full luxury experience and it shows. If you're looking for an Iftar with variety, atmosphere, and that upscale setting, Marriott delivers. Just go in knowing it's more about the occasion than every single dish.

I had a deeply disappointing experience at the Marriott Hotels Islamabad this Ramadan. While they host an extravagant iftar buffet to earn money fro. Opportunity, there was no Azan, no announcement for Sehri in the cafeteria at timing of Azan. I spoke with the duty manager, who shockingly told me that management forbids any announcement, fearing a loss of their five-star rating. I clarified that I fully support keeping eateries open for all—for non-Muslims, the elderly, women (who arent fasting), and everyone else—so they can eat freely. I am not asking to close anything; I simply asked for a small announcement or Azan only in the restaurant so those observing Suhoor know when it’s time.
Yet, the manager refused, citing the risk to their five-star status. I pointed out that they openly celebrate Christmas and New year with grand decorations like Christmas trees, so why not a Ramadan announcement? This is a fundamental issue of cultural respect and they sought seek exception even if there is any policy but the defeatist slavery mindset dominated.

I request Marriott International , Marriott Bonvoy and Government of Pakistan, urging them to enforce a policy where all hotels respect and recite Azaan at Sahoir and Iftar time as cultural/religious traditions during Ramadan. We must uphold dignity for faith while respecting all.

Difficult to access because of containers placement

Very food
ambious

Wonderful 💯😊

The Islamabad Marriott Hotel is a 5-star hotel located in the heart of Islamabad, offering luxurious rooms and exceptional service. It's known for its cleanliness, friendly staff, and great location, with a beautiful view of the Margalla Hills.

*Amenities and Services*

- Lavish rooms with internet connectivity, plasma TVs, and electronic safes
- Health club, round-the-clock business center, and fine restaurants, including a steakhouse
- Rooftop pool area, gym, and spa services
- Free airport pickup and drop-off
- Multiple dining options, including Chinese, Indian, and Japanese restaurants

The hotel's rooms are designed to provide maximum comfort, with plush bedding, spacious bathrooms, and modern amenities. Guests can enjoy a range of dining options, from fine dining to casual eats, and relax at the rooftop pool or gym.

*Pros and Cons*

- Pros: excellent service, clean and comfortable rooms, great location
- Cons: some guests mention outdated decor, slow Wi-Fi, and high prices

Despite some drawbacks, the Islamabad Marriott Hotel is a popular choice among travelers. Its prime location makes it an ideal base for exploring the city, and the staff are always willing to help with arrangements and recommendations.

The hotel is well-suited for business travelers, with a range of meeting and event spaces and modern amenities. It's also a great choice for tourists, with plenty of attractions nearby, including the Faisal Mosque and the Pakistan Monument.

In terms of value, the Islamabad Marriott Hotel is on the pricier side, but guests are paying for a high level of service and amenities. If you're looking for a luxurious stay in Islamabad, this hotel is definitely worth considering.

Overall, the Islamabad Marriott Hotel is a solid choice for anyone looking for a comfortable and convenient stay in the heart of Islamabad. With its great location, excellent service, and range of amenities, it's a great option for both business and leisure travelers.

Would you like to know more about the hotel's amenities or services? Or perhaps you're looking for recommendations on nearby attractions or restaurants?

Overall nice place.

Very good hotel located at a calm and serene place. Rooms are comfortable and tidy. Food is very nice with wide range of different cousine.

Much nice place

Overall their service is good, but food is not top notch. For food there are much better places out there.

Excellent

Very nice 👍. Accident

Food wasn't good

It's a very good hotel
Nice service
Nice breakfast
Good room service
But parking not available inside the hotel making the first uncomfortable

Though Not as good as other high end marriots across the world

We went for Iftar and dinner, but the menu did not justify the price charged. For that price point, there should have been a wider selection in the main course and more BBQ options. Similar menus are available at many other local venues at much more reasonable rates. In my view, the overall experience did not deliver value for money.

In the last four years, I’ve stayed in this hotel well over 14 times. And I do so because of how welcoming they are to me.

The team are lovely and go out of their way to engage and ensure I have a comfortable stay.

Me & my wife r regular regular visitor of this hotel.
Tea & Coffee at Terrace Cafe is good value of money.
The waiters r very rude and very unethical.
This facility seen its glory now this place is behaving like a dhaba no dress code no ethics of a elite class hotel, a very ordinary place and very sad about it

We attend a meeting their , very nice experience

Very much train and professional all of staffs

Parking issue always.

Nice and great place 👍 I love it 😀

Average experience

Good 👍

Excellent

Breakfast was nice

Clean and peaceful environment

We had an amazing stay at the Islamabad Marriott.

Highly secure.

The staff starting with Feeba took care of our needs prior to our arrivals.

Hafeez and team provided excellent room service for us.

The breakfast buffet was extensive and excellent.

Much security like Under arrest so not much going outside for fun just come sleep and back to work.

Best dinner I ever had with family

Amazing place

Islamabad Marriott Hotel is a five-star luxury hotel located at Aga Khan Road in the prestigious F-5 sector of Islamabad, near the foothills of the Margalla Hills. It’s a popular choice for business travellers, diplomats, tourists, and event hosting.

Offers a range of well-appointed rooms and suites with modern comforts.

Complimentary Wi-Fi, spacious rooms, and scenic views of the surrounding hills are among the highlights.

Airport shuttle service is available upon request.

The hotel features a variety of dining venues, including:

Nadia Restaurant – international buffet experiences.

The Royal Elephant – Thai cuisine.

KIKU – Japanese sushi and teppanyaki.

Zigolini’s – Italian dishes.

Additional lounges and cafés offering beverages and light meals.

Indoor pool and fitness centre.
Spa and wellness services.
Meeting and event spaces suitable for weddings, conferences, and corporate gatherings.
Business centre, concierge services, valet parking, and more.

The hotel is conveniently situated near major Islamabad landmarks like Faisal Mosque, Saidpur Village, and Lok Virsa cultural heritage sites.
Interestingly enough:
In September 2008, the hotel was the site of a major suicide bombing attack, which caused extensive damage and loss of life. The hotel was rebuilt and reopened later that year and continues to operate as a key landmark in Islamabad’s hospitality sector.

Месторасположение

Месторасположение

Not safe…

I had a lovely week here.  I think the staff were the friendliest and most professional of any hotel i have ever stayed in.  Wonderful hotel. Very impressive good - Thai and Japanese were exceptional. The main restaurant was fantastic and great breakfasts. Very secure.  Just a wonderful place.

Losing its originality

Had a dinner with our delegation at Lily. Great food!

Luxury hotel in Islamabad pakistan 🇵🇰

Excellent

Everything was more than awesome especially their steam and sauna

Marriott Islamabad had to be one of my favourite hotels in Pakistan without any doubt. This is Serena Islamabad as well but for some reason Marriott always has that homely feeling. Great rooms, outstanding restaurants and state of art health club, swimming pool and wellness Centre. not forget, amazing support staff. Quite well trained to manage the guests demands.

Very nice

Lovely place to be. Good food.
Parking is a concern.

Luxury Experience.
Posh and comfortable

The high tea was an exceptionally well-organized and elegant experience. The selection of refreshments was of high quality, featuring a refined assortment of savory items and delicately prepared desserts, all complemented by excellently brewed tea. The presentation was tasteful and demonstrated careful attention to detail. The ambiance was serene and sophisticated, enhancing the overall experience. The courteous and professional service further reflected a high standard of hospitality. Appreciation is extended to the entire team for delivering a high tea of excellent quality and distinction.

One of the finest hotels in Islamabad. That said, the staff appear overly cautious about payments. They are reluctant to charge items to the room and repeatedly follow up until payment is settled, even with regular or corporate guests. This approach comes across as intrusive and does not reflect the level of service expected at this standard.

I was live good moment on Middle east .

What a superb stay it has been at Marriott Islamabad! Exceedingly cordial, well mannered, and friendly staff. Loved the stay and look forward to returning here in the future.

Amazing

If I could would give a zero had food here today gave us cold food from the buffet.
absolutely diabolical service was very poor staff don’t care

Όμορφο μεγάλο ξενοδοχείο Marriott ...Το δωμάτιο είναι καθαρό, η θέα στην πόλη είναι πανέμορφη.

Used to a very fine hotel, now a bit dated. Everything is becoming old and needs a major renovation.

Always love staying at Marriott Islamabad.

Marriot top hotels in Pakistan. Very beautiful location and beautiful place . Very discipline and role wise . Very tasty food
I enjoy with my friends in Marriot hotel.

Nice 👍
Good 👍
Excellent 👌

Wonderful Experience to visit faysal bank Bhopalwala

Very good

My very first night in Pakistan and it couldn't have been better. The atmosphere is incredibly calm and the environment is peaceful. Excellent staff response made me feel welcome immediately. A perfect introduction to the country

good

I love this hotel so much.

Food is delicious here and environment is also very good 😊

Good
Nice
Happy

A state of the art Hotel and Resort

Best Hotel in Islamabad

Nice ambyance

Hi-Tea is Awesome at Nadia Coffee shop..

Class abd and quality

Nice 👍

Excellent atmosphere

Very uncooperative  staff specially manager of nadia lounge..

Best hotel

Its a great experience to stay at Marriott

Our stay in Islamabad Marriott hotel was wonderful with best services of the hotel from Check in to Check out. A special thank to Yusra, the customer relations manager, who went out of her way to make our stay truly comfortable and memorable. The bell boy Omar was prompt and courteous with our luggage, similarly Murad and other guy delivered exceptional service always with a smile.  In the same time we decided to visit Islamabad and our friend David gave us the WhatsApp number of a tour operator & a tour guide Mr. Maqbool that has mentioned above in the title. He arranged our wonderful tour and we decided to visit Pakistan for 2-weeks. He is just like encyclopaedia of Pakistan, we enjoyed our trip from head to toe. You will never ever disappointed from both Hotel & Tour operator/guide. |Breakfast was buffet and very tasty. Music was traditional in the lobby, we felt safe at all times . Both are highly recommended!!!| Would return soon. Keep up the good work.

I have been staying at the Islamabad Marriott Hotel for well over three decades. I was married here, and I genuinely like coming back. There is history, familiarity, and a sense of comfort that keeps drawing me to this property.||The staff of the hotel has always been exceptionally good and, in my opinion, is the main reason the hotel offers truly comfortable stays. During this visit, staff members went out of their way to take care of me and made the stay genuinely pleasant. This level of service is rarely found anymore, even at top hotels. Hasnain in Laundry, Saima in Housekeeping, and Waqar in Housekeeping were absolutely wonderful. They were attentive, anticipated my needs, and conducted themselves very professionally.||The Executive Lounge has been refurbished since my last visit, and it looks better than before. Unfortunately, the quality and variety of food has deteriorated significantly. I do not think the snacks are fit for consumption. Even the tea and coffee are substandard. This used to be a lounge with decent food, but that is no longer the case. The lounge is also too small for a hotel of this size and becomes crowded very quickly. Given the number of VIP guests in Pakistan and the steadily growing number of Bonvoy Elite members, a larger lounge is clearly needed.||The breakfast buffet at Nadia is very good. The choices are extensive and well prepared, and the restaurant staff is excellent. They are attentive, warm, and professional, and they make breakfast a pleasure.||I keep returning because of the people and my long connection to this hotel. However, serious attention needs to be given to the Executive Lounge, particularly the food quality and space issues. The hotel needs to match the standard its staff already sets every day.

Nice place to stay

Amazing...

It's one of the oldest venues for weddings.
Years ago there was only the Crystal Ballroom where all had their weddings. Then came the backyard Marquee. Which now is the mainstream wedding venue for a lot of weddings. And of course for other events.
The Marquee also gets alive for buffet Aftari during Ramadan.

It's an upscale hotel with all the high end facilities and good food with lots of choices. It has dedicated restaurants offering different cuisines of the world. Like Jason's steak house offering world class steaks. Lily offering Chinese. Elephant offering Thai foods. Nadia offers all day eating with buffet having food from around the world as well as Ala Carte menu.
It has a pool, gym. Different exhibition halls. Board rooms.

Excellent

Nice place

Not good experience with Nadia dinner buffet

It's 👍 luxury..

Comfortable and enjoyable. Highly recommended

Only place in Pakistan that can meet international standards

Very nice

Excellent hotel,  food is alas excellent,  prices i belive is over rated, very welcoming, went there for New Year dinner .

One of the finest hotels in Pakistan. One thing I noticed is that they should  increase their food menu.

I have stayed at this Marriot a few times and it was always a pleasurable time. The breakfast area is quite spacious and the staff there are very freindly and helpful. I had a nice large room with a very comfortable bed and the two housekeeping staff Inam & Bilal were very freindly, professional and exceptionally efficient at their jobs along with the duty manager Amir, who would always had a smile and a pleasant greeting when we saw each other.

It has a quiet atmosphere and a unique interior layout, and the restaurants are reasonably priced.

Outstanding stay at Marriott Hotel!
Everything from check-in to check-out was smooth and professional. The rooms were spacious, clean, and very comfortable, with excellent attention to detail. The staff was courteous, well-trained, and always ready to help. Food quality was top-notch, and the overall ambiance felt premium and relaxing. A perfect choice for business trips, family stays, or special occasions. Highly recommended!

My dream hotel to see and live there

One of my favorites hotel in Islamabad

Would highly recommend Aijaz be sent for further courses in hospitality as his juniors far surpass him in hospitality.

As a Marriott Bonvoy Ambassador member, I was extremely disappointed with the way my situation was handled by Aijaz, who identified himself as Duty Manager.

Rather than showing the level of professionalism, discretion, and guest care expected at a Marriott property, especially for Ambassador members, Aijaz was unhelpful, dismissive, and inflexible. There was no genuine attempt to resolve the issue, no effort to escalate appropriately, and no sense of ownership. The interaction felt petty and unnecessarily obstructive, which is deeply disappointing for a hotel of this standing.

Ambassador recognition is meant to reflect loyalty and trust built over years. In this case, it felt completely ignored. While I understand that not every request can be fulfilled, the attitude and manner in which this was handled fell well below Marriott standards.

I have stayed at many Marriott hotels worldwide, and this experience was out of character for the brand. I sincerely hope senior management reviews this incident and reinforces the importance of guest focused service, particularly when dealing with Ambassador members.

"Excellent service! 😊 Huge thanks to Mr. Shahzeb Khan at Marriott Hotel for his kindness and exceptional assistance. Truly made a difference!

Best hotel to stay with your family !!

I stayed at the Marriott Hotel in F-5, Islamabad, and it was a really enjoyable experience. The room was comfortable, clean, and spacious, and the bathroom was spotless and easy to use. The employees were very professional  Kind and accommodating, making everything smooth and hassle-free. I especially appreciated how they managed to accommodate our large group in the lobby without any issues, which made everyone feel welcome and comfortable. The hotel felt well-maintained and organized overall, and it was a very pleasant stay. I hope to come back next time to try an even better room and have an even nicer experience.

Drop off at road its awkward and unsafe for guest

Good

Aman banget! Parkir terbatas

Comfort if u have 💸😂

Good morning Mr. Wilson,||Warm greetings from the Annapolis Waterfront Hotel in Annapolis, Maryland, USA.||I wished to take a moment to formally express my sincere appreciation for the outstanding level of service provided by your team at Marriott Islamabad. From the moment of check-in through to my departure, I felt genuinely welcomed, valued, and exceptionally well cared for—an experience that reflects the highest standards of Marriott hospitality.||I would like to begin by commending Night Manager Mr. Mateen Virk, who handled my check-in with remarkable professionalism, efficiency, and warmth. He was ably supported by Mr. Nesar, and together they demonstrated a level of courtesy and attentiveness that immediately set a positive tone for my stay. I was graciously accommodated with a wonderful room, complemented by thoughtful and impressive welcome amenities—a gesture that truly elevated the guest experience.||Throughout my stay, I had the pleasure of interacting with several of your associates, all of whom consistently displayed genuine smiles, kindness, and a strong service-oriented mindset. In particular, I would like to recognize Bellman Shaukat Satti, Guest Relations Officer Soha Khan, Assistant Front Office Manager Sania Altaf, and Food & Beverage Associate Sadaf. Each of them exemplified professionalism and excellence, clearly reflecting thorough training and a deep understanding of Marriott’s service standards.||I share this feedback from the perspective of someone with 16 years of experience in the hospitality industry across three continents, having worked with renowned luxury brands such as The Ritz-Carlton, Westin, 1 Hotels, Anantara, and Sofitel. It is therefore especially commendable to witness such consistency, passion, and commitment to service excellence within your team.||Mr. Wilson, you have every reason to be proud of your associates—they are truly a credit to Marriott Islamabad. Should any member of your team ever travel to the United States, please be assured that I would extend the same level of care, warmth, and hospitality that I so graciously received during my stay.||With sincere appreciation and best regards,|Sheheryar Qureshi

Nice location

As a member of Marriott for the past many years and having brunch and dinners without reservations, the previous manager at Nadia’s always entertain us well but this time they refuse to give us space despite being empty. So unexpected behaviour from a 5 star hotel

Overall okay. Need to rationalize overall cost structure..

Good 👍

Better than others

I have been to many Marriott hotels around the world, but this is the only one that doesn't allow photography. They demanded payment for taking pictures with a camera, and the security personnel kept threatening, which made me feel confused and unsafe.

Best luxury hotel in islamabad

Very nice

Awesome place.

Wonderful place I like this

The hotel screams luxury from the moment you enter at the door . It is a beautiful place to stay at and the service is nice.

酒店占地很大，位置在市中心，虽然建造时间较长但是房间干净，保养的也不错。 早餐食物也很好，选择也算丰富，健身房面积大，设备齐全。 进入酒店只能通过一个小门所有行李物品要过安全检查，酒店员工服务方面中规中矩，不似预期。

It was an amazing stay there

La cadena de Hoteles Marriott son deslumbrantes alrededor del mundo y este hotel es DIVINO lo tiene todo buenísima ubicación un servicio impecable y sus trabajadores muy educados

Me encantó su elegancia, las diferencias aéreas que te ofrece como spa y piscina, la comida y postres de otro nivel y la calidez de sus empleados es otra cosa

Visited the Marriot Nadia for dinner. Absolutely amazing food and atmosphere, i couldn’t stop trying everything and nothing was a disappointment.

Excelente servicio buen trato de los empleados muy bien ubicados

Excellent service and comfortable rooms.

This is my first time and its amazing the room has a vintage vibe with the touch of modernism staff is very humble and polite i must mention the name Maria and hammad from bell boys mr nouman

I’ve been visiting this 5-star hotel regularly every 2–3 months for the past 6–7 years, and it consistently exceeds expectations. It’s truly a serene and peaceful escape — perfect for both relaxation and recharging. The environment is luxurious yet calm, offering top-notch comfort without any noise or chaos. The staff is always professional, courteous, and respectful, ensuring a smooth and pleasant stay every time. From the quality of service to the excellent facilities, everything reflects high standards. A reliable and elegant place I always look forward to returning to. Highly recommended.

Good

nic👌 good

I had an outstanding experience at Islamabad Marriott Hotel. The rooms were comfortable, the amenities top‑notch, and the service was friendly and professional. The dining options were great and the overall atmosphere was relaxing and luxurious

Good 👍🏻

⭐ Wonderful experience at Islamabad Marriott Hotel!
Excellent service, clean and comfortable rooms, and a very welcoming environment. The staff is professional and helpful, and the food is top-quality. Highly recommended!

Awesome 👌👌👌👌

Had hi tea on 6 December 2025, there was no coffee as coffee machine is out of order for last few days, not understood

Great experience

Helpful and friendly staff. Beautiful hotel with clean rooms.

Excellent

Located in quite environment in Islamabad. Have options of Pakistani food, Thai food, Italian food, Japanese food, Chinese food etc.

Staff 8s friendly and hospitable.

Great service, from Mr Amir &  Tahira from dept housekeeping, always give support also from the cafe, Mr Ali, great waiter service always smile, one month i be here always sastifed all the services.. hope come back again here.

I had an amazing stay at Marriott, all thanks to the effective and efficient help of Syed Amir Abbas and Mohammad Haseeb to keep the rooms clean and ready everyday for us. Looking forward to be back here for an extended stay again.

Only parking is issue at Marriott Hotel

It was good

Immer wieder eine Freude hier Gast zu sein. Schon vor 20 Jahren und auch heute.

Great place

Good

Hotel is very but Very expressive

Marriott hotel is the best ranked Hotal in Islamabad.
Only Serena hotal is equal from Marriott

Neat and clean environment

Awesome place to dine, stay and hang around, offers variety of local and international cuisines, best Chinese restaurant (dynasty) in town, best Thai (royal elephant), japanese (Sakura) restaurant in twin cities. Jason steak house offers authentic US certified black Angus steaks, zigolini restaurant has tastiest and authentic Italian pizza and pasta. Lobby lounge and terrace cafe is another place for tea, coffee and to sit for mood relaxing.

Hotel have 288 rooms with amazing views of Margalla hills and the Iconic state buildings of the capital.

Overpriced and overrated but very convenienct location

Great place for events and staying but it's over rated for what it is

“Staying at Karachi Marriott Hotel was an exceptional experience. From the elegant ambiance to the top-tier hospitality, everything reflected luxury and professionalism. The rooms were spacious and immaculate, and the dining experience exceeded expectations. A perfect destination for anyone seeking comfort, class, and premium service in Karachi

Feel very comfortable like a home whenever i stay there in Karachi Marriott Hotel.
Reception staff, Health Club Staff and Service staff are execellent.
Plus plua plus i like the food of newly renovated resturent Bristro Rozana a lot specially Sunday Brunch.

Tribal night was held on Friday, i feel that i am in the Tribal Area of Pakistan, food taste and quality were Matchless.

Where do I start...we had a little bit of a rollercoaster experience to start but the hotel has a manager that demonstrated a masterclass in how to turn a incredibly negative review into a positive.

We arrived on our first trip experiencing one disaster after another. Requesting cot beds be set up prior to arrival but arrived past midnight and kept waiting for one hour. Put into a room with kids that had been freshly painted, and staff refusing to acknowledge the paint fumes causing more anger, moving rooms to find the new one dirty and taps not properly working.

I was so annoyed until Syed Ubaid the manager spoke to us personally. He offered the usual comps and seemed sincerely apologetic. But his masterclass in customer service came when he gave his direct mobile number and requested we come again and message him. We debated it, and on our next trip a few weeks later we messaged him. He was flawless. He had the rooms set up, gave us a few comps to make this experience better, personally said hello every morning, and went out of his way to make sure my father, husband, children and I enjoyed our stay.

It is easy to give a good review for a good experience. I have never experienced someone turn my intensely negative views about a place into a positive.

His team was also great. Noman was so warm and wonderfully welcoming/helpful. At breakfast Mir Wali and Izma were always accommodating. Qasim our server played and was so attentive to my toddler / to us. And finally, Pushpa...thank you for doing the hardest work of everyone - you cleaned up after our two kids for two weeks and always with a smile despite the many requests for things and accidents we had! You worked the hardest and were the most appreciated!

Amazing hotel! Guarded and very clean. Staff are very friendly and active. The food is amazing and they have many options. Its full of flavour and the live music is traditional and pleasant. The halls and rooms are clean and luxury. Rooms are full amendities and provide room service.

Great job musfata 👍👍

The great hotel

V nice experience room is clear

I can tell the hotel improve than before and the breakfast and dinner very taste

Good reviews from
MJ electrical and communication Karachi

They need to improve to be a place true value for money...food and customer service need improvement

Mr.Shahzaib and Mr.Zohaib deserve appreciation 🌟 calm, respectful, and professional.

Amazing hi tea at nadia

Fantastic food. Probably the best Iftar (& overall food quality) among major hotels in Karachi

Nice place to stay in

Great place and amazing staff specially Amna and Naz

Marriott Hotel Karachi is a lovely place with great ambiance and music. It has great facilities like a gym and a really varied swimming pool for both Kids and Adults. The staff is really nice especially Irfan at the counter, helped me and my brother with everything. Definitely a must go place if you like activities!

I stayed at the Karachi Marriott Hotel from 11–22 April 2026 in an Executive Room. I am posting this review after exhausting every private channel with both the property and Marriott International.||The food poisoning||On 14 April at around 6pm I ordered seekh kebabs with a mint yoghurt dip from in-room dining. Within hours I was severely ill — violent vomiting (including the meal itself, largely undigested), diarrhea, and acute abdominal pain through the night. I had eaten breakfast at the hotel and lunch at a separate restaurant earlier the same day with no symptoms in the five-hour intervening window. The timing pointed clearly to the room service meal. Three weeks on, back in Dubai, I am still experiencing gastrointestinal symptoms and undergoing further testing.||The handling||The hotel doctor was supposed to attend my room. He didn't. He prescribed remotely by phone while I was bedridden. The cost of the medication was then charged to my room — medication to treat illness from the hotel's own kitchen.||Separately, my bank card became stuck in the hotel's in-house ATM on 13 April. I was repeatedly told it would be returned. It was only physically returned on 20 April — around 7 days later. The hotel's position is that the ATM is operated by an external bank and therefore not their responsibility, despite being on their premises and presented as a guest amenity.||When I asked for the General Manager's email to escalate the food poisoning complaint, the Assistant F&B Director refused, stating he did not have permission to provide it. The hotel's WhatsApp team also refused on multiple occasions. My initial email to the GM bounced because the property uses a separate local domain I had to identify myself.||The investigation||The food was "investigated" via a sensory inspection by the Executive Chef and Quality Assurance team — looking for spoilage, smell, discolouration. I asked twice in writing whether actual microbiological laboratory testing was performed. The property did not answer the question in either response. In writing, the property also characterised the phone-only doctor consultation as being "based on my preference" (it wasn't — the doctor did not come) and claimed alternative meals were offered and declined (to my recollection this did not happen, and no record has been produced).||The outcome||The General Manager confirmed in writing that the property considers the matter closed. The only remedy offered was a Deluxe Suite upgrade on a future stay. I declined. I escalated to Marriott International's Office of Consumer Affairs, whose response — citing a licensing arrangement — was that the property is best placed to handle it and I should contact the GM again. The same GM who had already declared the matter closed.||I have the full email correspondence, the medication receipt, photographic evidence of the meal, and the property's responses on file. I am a Marriott Bonvoy member and have stayed at Marriott properties internationally without issue. The Karachi property does not meet the standard the brand is sold on, and the handling of guest complaints — particularly the obstruction of escalation — should be of concern to anyone considering a stay here.||Date of stay: April 2026|Trip type: Business|Room tip: Avoid in-room dining. If you have a complaint, request the General Manager's email in writing immediately — expect to be refused.

Best 5 star hotel in town
Great service

I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Karachi Marriott Hotel and I must say, the experience exceeded my expectations.
From the moment I arrived, the service was exceptional. The staff were professional, attentive, and genuinely welcoming. A special mention to Ali Husnain, who went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable and at home throughout my stay. His attention to detail and warm hospitality truly stood out and made a real difference.
The rooms were clean, well-maintained, and very comfortable, with everything you need for a relaxing stay. The facilities were excellent, and the overall environment felt safe and well-managed. The food was also of a high standard, with a good variety and great quality.
Overall, a fantastic experience. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Karachi, whether for business or leisure. I will definitely be returning.

Had an amazing experience hosting my son’s birthday at the poolside of Karachi Marriott Hotel.||Everything was perfectly managed and truly on point from start to finish. The food was excellent, the décor looked great, the setup was smooth, and the overall management and service were top notch. The ambiance by the pool just added that extra charm to the whole event.||What really stood out was how proactive the staff was. I genuinely didn’t have to worry about a single thing, they handled everything seamlessly, from coordination to last minute details, making the entire experience completely stress free.||A special mention to Mr. Muhammad Aslam Bung, Restaurant Manager, who was on his feet throughout and made sure we had the most amazing experience. His attention to detail and hands on approach really showed. Also, a big thanks to Mr. Kamran Ahmed Assistant Director of Food & Beverage for his support in planning and executing the event so smoothly.||Overall, it was a fantastic experience, and I’m truly grateful to the entire team for making the day so special. Highly recommended!

Mustafa and Shakeel service is very very good and saport...good in varmint and pool and gym sohana All serious very good

hotel was excellent . Cosy rooms with comfortable beds.they made a early check in for us. reception staffes were helpfull and so kind. free airport transfer was avaliableopen buffet lunch was so tasty in the hotel restaurant

All is well

Eccellent service, curtious and friendly staff.. Specially the gym was great and Amna is a good trainer who helped with the new excercises that add up good in the daily routine

Thrifty

It was good experience of 2 nightsPick up and drop off was on time. Hotel has nocr facilities although it is old hotel but managed well

outstanding Hotel in Karachi 😍

At gym with Amna Ali she is very nice and very great she help me out and support me in working out she is really nice and she is very hard working.

Amna Ali is a very good trainer I really like health club and Amna is a very nice girl and a very nice trainer she work hard she is experienced I totally suggest everyone to come here

Amna is a very good and experienced trainer in the gym. She has taught me a lot of exercises which have improved my skills and health. She is very good natured and knows her work efficiently ||I am very happy that she is guiding me with so much of care and understanding

Aman , Sherlock is veri kind and helpful .

Very nice

Beautiful hotel.
Fantastic restaurants.
Very friendly staff.

Entrance of the hotel is very bad 😞
You will Always miss the entrance gate because of the camouflage passage.

Thanks

Had a great experience at Marriott. The ambience is elegant and the overall environment is calm and welcoming. The food was also well-prepared and enjoyable. A solid choice for both dining and a relaxed stay.

Its a nice place for visitors who come from abroad to have an ambience & food. Attended the Gala Dinner by Pakistan Travel Mart 2026

Goodnight 😘

attended my son convocation,
sound system needs improvenent,
food was good

Great location. Spacious room. Comfortable bed. Buffet breakfast was very good. Strong WiFi.

Really enjoyed my stay at the Karachi Marriott Hotel. Check-in was quick and hassle-free. A big thanks to Ubaid at the front desk, very courteous, helpful & professional. His behavior truly made the experience even better. Keep up the great service!

It’s done

One of the best hospitality services provided by Marriott hotel Karachi

Worst hotel experience in my life. Totally disrespectful work in progress during late night starting at 01AM and during the hole Eastern Saturday. Don’t come! Look for anything else besides this OLD and NOISY hotel in Karachi.

4.5 points

10 stars for Mr Waseem(bellman).
Very helpful

EXCELLENT

Went there for Hi tea good service nice food reasonable rates

Very busy area

The receptionist, Muriel, was highly unprofessional. Instead of attending to guests, she was busy joking and chatting with other staff members infront of the guests Despite our check-in being scheduled for 2:00 PM, we were kept waiting.
Even after I informed her that I was with my family and requested a shorter wait time, she simply moved us to the waiting area. We were forced to wait significantly longer, which was particularly frustrating given it was Eid. This lack of priority and unprofessional behavior is not what I expected.
I hope you will look into this matter and take the necessary steps to improve your staff's conduct , Very unprofessional experience. Even with a confirmed Agoda booking, my room wasn't ready. The long wait during the Eid was unacceptable!!!!!!!!

The hotel quality is really good for Karachi, but the carpets in the rooms are really terrible. The rooms smell awful, as if they've never been cleaned. The carpets in the rooms definitely need to be removed.

Had a good time there

Odalar çok eski ve otelde bir koku var odalar dahil. Halılar çok eski bence koku oradan geliyor veya havalandırmalar çok pis. Çalışanlar kibar ve güler yüzlü fakat otel eski ve bakımsız. Yemekler çok yöresel.

This review is about the the iftar buffet dinner 2026. One of dish was stale which resulted my child loosing the appetite. I fired aswell and the pasta was stale and seems like expired ingredients. Gave written complain to management.

I had the Sehri buffet, the money was wasted, there was no taste in the food, the service was very slow, the food choice was very bad.

Nice place

None of my favorites

Our recent experience at the Karachi Marriott Hotel was extremely disappointing and far below the standards expected from a hotel of its reputation.

Despite extensive prior coordination with the hotel management regarding our group’s arrival and arrangements, the hotel appeared completely unprepared when we arrived. The check-in process was chaotic and poorly managed. We were taken to a room for check-in where a conference was already in progress, reflecting a serious lack of coordination within the hotel staff. During check-in, we were issued keys to a room that was already occupied by other guests, which was both embarrassing and highly unprofessional.

The parking situation was equally frustrating. The parking area is highly congested and poorly managed, causing significant inconvenience for guests.

The staff’s attitude throughout the stay was largely non-cooperative. On multiple occasions, we requested to speak with a senior manager or person in charge to resolve the issues, but no responsible representative ever came forward to address our concerns.

Additionally, several guests from our group fell ill after consuming food from the hotel restaurant, which raised serious concerns about the quality and hygiene of the food being served.

Overall, the experience reflected poor management, lack of coordination, and inadequate customer service.

Editing my 7 years old review
Enjoyed a pool site Aftar, good experience

It is nice hotel to stay and arrange parties functions and conferences and location is good surounded by roads with heavy traffic in office hours but traffic never stuck  .

Excellent service, delicious food, safe and secure place

It was great to pop in and visit the nice pool area. We ordered some simple pool side food (2 iced coffees & 2 fries) it was very slow to come, but a server Mustafa was helpful chasing it up. It was great when it finally came.

Spacious rooms near by government offices

Function was organised by an organisation. The support provided by the staff was very good with quick moves.

It was comfortable stay. Front desk experience was not very good. The receptionist didn't know much about the room layout or it's location, view from the windows etc. He didn't even have the idea of breakfast timings. Room was clean and tidy. However, there was water leaking in bathroom and the thermostat was out of order. Furniture is quite old and requires renovation. Cushioning of easy chair and study chair was unbearable. Food for dine in service was excellent. Well served in time. The hotel lacks boutiques and café. Very limited options not worthy of a 5 star hotel. Buffet breakfast was the best I had ever experienced. Well laid out and looked after by professionals.

No ample sitting arrangements in lobby area. For the waiting of guest or meeting of gusts no option other than sitting in restaurants or room..

The location is excellent staff were friendly overall good value for Money

Excellent place

12000

An Unforgettable Stay – Exceptional Hospitality and World-Class ServiceAfter starting my family visit in Karachi at another hotel, I decided to move to the Karachi Marriott for a four-day extension, and it was the best decision I could have made. From the moment I arrived, I was blown away by how beautiful the property is and the warm, professional atmosphere.   The culinary experience was easily a highlight of my trip. The breakfast spread was fantastic, and the buffet dinners at Rosana were simply beautiful, offering a wide variety of high-quality dishes. As it was my first visit, I was kindly granted access to the Executive Lounge, where the food and drinks were lovely and provided a perfect space to relax. I am certain I’ve put on a few kilograms because everything was so delicious!   What truly sets this hotel apart, however, is the service. The staff are attentive, welcoming, and clearly take pride in their work. I would like to give a special mention to   Moeezah Front Reception,   Sadia Restaurant,   Neeshan Concierge   and Fizan housekeeping   who all went above and beyond to make my stay truly memorable. Their exceptional hospitality made me feel right at home.   I cannot recommend the Karachi Marriott enough for anyone visiting the city. I will definitely be returning!

Clean and fresh smelling room. Staff offered a friendly service with good amenities

Went Rozana bistro loved the vibe
food was tasty full of flavor, fish , mutton , beef , chicken, veg options too
will recommend and definitely visit again soon!

In demand for corporate events ,conferences, workshops etc. Quiet place ,B2B meetings preferred here due to away from city hustle, bustle, comely environment, very friendly . One of oldest and modest hotel of Karachi.

Bad service of waiters
Location very conjested
Food was only normal

Wonder full place

Good

I’m very pleased with the hotel and the staffStaff was very helpful right from check in and throughout the service was excellent. Also the hotel itself was very clean.I was there for three days for Busines and really enjoyed my stay at the hotel

Most hopeless staff in banquet, redundant place, screwing up Marriott name.

Amazing service and ambience

The AC actually works (some hotels here it’s centrally controlled so you can’t change) so that’s a big plus.

Inside is impressive and modern. Pool
Isn’t very grand but is fine, and heated.

Airport pick up I’d booked days before wasn’t there as should have been and I had to call and wait - not great when just arrived after an overnight flight!

What annoys me is how they try and charge for early check in before 11am even though the rooms are sitting there empty!

Good location facilities and service

All was good , staff super nice they allowed for an early check in at 11 am

Stay was comfortable. Location is quite qood. Very close to Zainab Market. Mazar E Quaid and Beach are halrdy 30 minutes away. Ambiance and Atmosphere was quite good. Staff was hospitable.

Always a good experience

Expensive but worthy

Fine

Great experience

Awesome ambiance with great location. Rooms were very clean , food was good .

One of the best hotel of Karachi

Staying at Marriott was one of the best experiences. Checkinn checkout was seamless.   Zohaib and Momal at the reception were kind and really helpful.
Rooms are spacious and clean. Washroom is really clean as compared to some other hotels  in Pakistan.
Breakfast was amazing.
Over all it was an amazing experience staying with team Marriott.

Evergreen

One of the best bit traffic enroute is bad

Rooms are old and need some modification and renovations. Clean and neat otherwise.
Service is great and staff is cooperative.

Loved everything.  Very nice facility with excellent security and friendly staff .

Very nostalgic from outside but all new from inside

Rooms are good
Service is very bad and slow
Location is good

My favorite place for stay and dine in and business meetings

Have you ever felt home, at a place which isn't ur home!! Well, I hv, coz i hv been to Marriot and got to feel n absorb the magic, charisma, charm and attraction of this divine place.
✌🤩🤩🤩Glamourous, Glorious and Glittering chandeliers, peaceful ambience, grand interior and sheer majestic magical feeling n ofcourse their Mixed Tea is great served with fresh bakery biscuits/ slices of sponge cake all is eventually addictive.

Its food is Awesome (I hv tried the tarka daal and malai boti), its tea served with our favourite Zeera (cumin seeds) biscuits is magically addictive and most of all the ambience... The servers n entertainers (the team/ clan) who make it a "goto place" are the soul of this beautiful abode, their clan includes a team of servers or u may say amazing human beings namely Mr Mir sb, Mr Umer, Mr Amir, Mr Khalid,Ali they treat u like family and serve u to ur hearts content. N last but not the least the star n spirit of Marriot Karachi, Mr Husnain (the singer) i think the major reason we end up being attracted to this beautiful place is his voice/ singing, he entertains with all his heart and soul, n leaves no stones unturned in lightening up ur mood, n just making u forget abt ur worries n relaxing ur soul n spirit, too bad unfortunately that it all has to end these days at 10 PM. However, its still worth while and AWESOME!

A great place to relax

The hotel is old but in excellent condition, the service is very good, and the location is good.

Amazing

Good ambiance. Over all good experience. Nice food and nice staff.

Good memories with wifeeeee 🥰

Yea really loved to spend time swith cousin's decorations were so nice,should come again

The room furnishings were alright. It's the same Marriott standards elsewhere. I didn't have the best experience at the hotel because I was given a smoking room. However, to be fair, the hotel was fully booked due to an ongoing conference and I was given what was available.

There were guests making noise until 2-3am and it was very disturbing for a person trying to go to bed and get up fresh to attend to the business of the day. I tried to report but the duty staff didn't do much about it as the noise continued.

Also, I find the restaurants options within the hotel limited with one local diner and an Asian cuisine - the third was more like a Cafe, at least it didn't seem like a restaurant to me.

I hope to visit again on a normal day when it's not overbooked to reevaluate the hotel.

Its always a pleasure to stay at marriott karachi..the service is excellent..there is a guy called moman or rohan..very polite and helpful even faisal

We are visiting from London, my wife and I have wanted to visit the Marriott for brunch the last few years and for one reason or another it just has not materialised, we decided to go there on our special occasion. We arrived in time without a booking, however we were advised that seating for two people was possible. We waited for around 10-15 minutes and was then on return to the entry area we were seated. The food selection is very good, from starters to sushi, pani puri to soups, huge selection of food from Laham mandi to roast chicken. Pasta, noodles, mac n cheese and potato pie. Honestly it was a lot of food, we had BBQ and prawn brought to the table. There were club sandwiches also available. A nice selection of pastries and dessert to complement the ending of a great brunch experience. The staff were friendly and helpful, the DJ played so many European/UK songs for the first hour or so, ironically we have come from the UK and were dressed in traditional attire and when i looked around the room including the music, it felt very over compensated. People desperately trying to speak english and just look and sound western. Over all was a very good experience. Lets appreciate the RR rolls royce 1922 in the reception area

Visited here several times. Precisely I made review while I Went on a public hearing.  This time I am making review based on this month December 2025 International Conference on Decarbonisation by ASHRAE Pakistan. I was speaker , panelist and exhibitor for one of our centre CESS at NED University

Nice 👍

Spa was wonderful.. had it with Ms Judith .superb experience!

It was pleasant stay and overall good experience, staff were excellent,

Very nice location good food testy results and bolroom environments best quality service good employee

Good experience

My stay was in room # 709 For 10 days
Muriel, Ashiq , Akram Bhai, Abid bhai, Mannan ,, Nida , and all of them gave us 10 star service.

It is great experience staying for a whole week at this Hotel. All staffs are helpful and kind, and of them is Hammad from the Room Service Team.

Experience was good
The food didn't really up it's game
But the confectionery items was really good

Great Spot

2 NUMBER HOTEL

Old but well maintained ....Will definitely cone back

I recently stayed at the Marriott Hotel Karachi as part of the Over-40 T20 World Cup team, and my experience was truly outstanding. The stay was extremely comfortable, and I thoroughly enjoyed both the breakfast and dinner buffet—great variety and consistently high quality.

What made my stay even more memorable was the exceptional service provided by the front desk team. I would like to especially acknowledge Ali Akbar, Salman, and Ali Hussain for their professionalism and support.

A special mention goes to Ali Akbar and Salman, who were always available and ready to assist me with any request. Ali Akbar, in particular, went above and beyond to ensure my comfort throughout my stay, and his extra efforts truly made a difference.

I highly recommend Marriott Karachi to anyone looking for a comfortable and welcoming stay. If you are visiting, I strongly suggest approaching these individuals at the front desk for extraordinary service—they truly represent the best of Marriott hospitality.

Amazing stay! Clean rooms, excellent service, and a very well-equipped gym. The trainer (Amina Ali) was extremely helpful and guided us perfectly. Highly recommended!

Beautiful view & peaceful environment 😍

I had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. The room was clean & beautifully maintained.I would happily stay here again on my next trip.

At the moment,  I am at Marriott, for breakfast. I am not staying just came for breakfast. The new setting at Nadia has cramped the space. The tables are so close that you have no privacy.
The smoke control is not working. The kitchen smoke is making people cough.

The smiles are no where. Every staff member is stressed. The main manager Ghulam Abbas is non-welcoming and lacks manners to treat guests with politeness and smiles. It seems as if I am at a local infamous eat out.

A five star hotel should serve guests with hospitality. It's absolutely lacking here. I hope management will take notice

“کراچی میرٹ ہوٹل ایک بہترین اور آرام دہ قیام کی جگہ ہے۔ کمروں کی صفائی اچھی، اسٹاف خوش اخلاق اور سروس بروقت ملتی ہے۔ لوکیشن مناسب ہے جس کی وجہ سے شہر کے اہم مقامات تک پہنچنا آسان ہو جاتا ہے۔ کھانے کا معیار بھی اچھا ہے اور مجموعی طور پر ماحول پُرسکون اور فیملیز کے لیے موزوں ہے۔ مناسب قیمت میں اچھا تجربہ دینے والا ہوٹل ہے۔”

It's one of the best hotels in Karachi

Karachi Marriott Hotel

I had an amazing experience with Judith at the Marriott Hotel Spa. She was incredibly professional and skilled. Her technique is both relaxing and therapeutic.

Great job by Muneera

Its a great comfort places ! You can stay safely over there as surveillance is top priority

Simply wonderful

Four star service , haven’t improved but this one of the few choices in karachi

Judith is a professional she do good massage beautiful

Want to tell special thank you to the restaurant employees: Ms Sadiya, Mr Basit Ali and Mr Soyjad Ali who were taking a special care about me during lunch and dinner time. Can not thank them enough!! They are so kind and welcoming people I felt myself like I was at my home. They made my first trip to Karachi unforgettable and exceeded my expectations about this welcoming city!! Thank you Sadiya, Basit and Soyjad you are real gems of Marriott Karachi

Fitness health club was amazing and i visited and done workouts there with the help of Amna and Amna ali is very nice and helpful she guided me professionally and I have a nice time with her thanking her …

Was very Good.

Outstanding experience.
I never thought my first visit change my life and my mind

Nice services nice staff mustafa and shakeel they both person are very coprative

Good 😘

A great experience the food quality is best the service is too good the stuff is so professional and friendly happy and grateful to visit karachi marriott.

Zahida measures  very good massage and health club and clean good service  and merriot hotel

Staying at Marriott Hotel Karachi was a seamless experience marked by comfort, courtesy, and convenience. The rooms were impeccably maintained—quiet, spacious, and thoughtfully appointed to ensure restful nights and productive mornings. Every detail, from the linen to the lighting, reflected a commitment to quality.
The service was exceptional. Staff members greeted us with warmth and professionalism, anticipating needs with quiet efficiency. Whether it was room service, concierge support, or dining hospitality, each interaction left a lasting impression of care and competence.
The location is ideal—nestled in the heart of Karachi, offering easy access to key business districts and cultural landmarks. It’s a perfect base for both work and exploration.
Grateful for the experience and the team that made it memorable.

Nice place

Fantastic customer service! Salman and Diam in the front office made my life super easy. I was there to facilitate a workshop and they took care of all details for me. The restaurants were amazing! Loved the food, the live organists too! The conference rooms were perfect! Some have access to windows outside and it was just what we needed. Abdul was my assistant in the conference rooms, he was magnificent. The property is amazing, stellar and location is perfect too. Strongly recommend!

Excellent vicinity

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5/5 – Outstanding Experience at Karachi Marriott Hotel!
I stayed at the Karachi Marriott Hotel from September 24th to October 2nd, and it was truly one of the best hotel experiences I’ve had. I was upgraded to one of their best suite rooms, which was huge, spotless, and beautifully maintained. The hotel building itself is elegant, modern, and perfectly kept — a true reflection of Marriott’s world-class standards.
Having stayed at almost every Marriott hotel in Japan, I can confidently say that the Karachi Marriott is not less than any of them in terms of comfort, cleanliness, and hospitality. The Executive Lounge staff deserve special recognition — their service is absolutely top-notch, and they genuinely care about you like a family member.
Every staff member I met was helpful, kind, and always ready to assist, especially Mr. Ubaid, Mr. Ali, and one wonderful lady whose name I unfortunately forgot — all of them went above and beyond to make my stay perfect.
After spending 9 wonderful nights, I’ve already decided to return again this month for another week.
Thank you, Karachi Marriott, for the warm hospitality and unforgettable experience!
Can’t wait to be back soon.

Amazing place to visit

Entrance gate has traffic issues

I recently attended a workshop at the Marriott Hotel and had a great experience.

The event was well-organized, the ambiance was professional, and the staff were very courteous and helpful throughout.

The food and refreshments were excellent, and the venue provided a perfect environment for learning and networking.

Highly recommended for corporate events and workshops.

Good hotel

It was so good to visit, we had a farewell party and we enjoyed their buffet for the 5th time my guest from USA came and stayed in Marriott hotel, everyone like their staff all are amazing, welcoming and their location was oh my god good for pictures and also safe environment with best coffee place their rooms are too clean, beautiful and best furniture and also they used best products

Terrible experience because of unstopped construction noises. If you don't want to have a rest and sleep, it can be the best choice. Almost no sound insulation between rooms.

Enjoy our stay at marriot  Hotel karachi.

very limited parking space available. not suitable for big events

For a business trip, it’s the best in Karachi. Rooms with a view and with a tropical feeling. Food is decent and the Chinese restaurant inside quite good.

Un hermoso hotel y un buen servicio

This hotel is clearly outdated and tired.  Quality of rooms and facilities is clearly substandard and clearly not 5 stars.  It took me 3 attempts to get my Expresso at Coffee shop.  They gave me 1 card for a suite which has 2 doors meaning I could not turn on the electricity in one section of the suite, etc. etc.

We had the pleasure of hosting our road show at Karachi Marriott Hotel on 18th and 19th October 2025, and our experience was truly outstanding!

A special thanks and a 5-star appreciation to Mr. Mehmood and Mr. Shazib at the reception for their warm welcome and professional assistance, Mr. Mehmood Sheikh, Housekeeping Supervisor, for ensuring our stay was comfortable, and Huzem and Akram, the bellboys, for their incredible support throughout our visit.

We would also like to acknowledge all the staff for being highly cooperative, attentive, and always ready to help. The breakfast was delicious, the facilities excellent, and every detail made our stay seamless and enjoyable.

Karachi Marriott truly sets a benchmark in hospitality, and we look forward to returning for future events. Highly recommended!

METROPLEX PROPERTIES LLC

Stayed for 3 nights, had such a pleasing and wonderful stay at the hotel and such a warm welcome by Mr.Hussain ( concierge team ) and Ms.Nida the restaurant manager I assume , would definitely come back and stay here

Delicious food and best service luxuries room

All rooms and services was good but they not return remaining amount.ask you we will send you in bank account please write your bank account on receipt.very bad thing is this .

The facility is great; Food, Accomodations, hotel staff, room attendants and restaurant are very accommodating especially Mehmoo and Pushpa and Faizan.
It's highly recommended to stay when your visiting Karachi. Keep it up

Restaurants are very good.
Rooms are good too.

Usually junior staff / serving staff is quite courteous.  Supervisors sometimes show attitude.

Prices are on higher side of course. Do have discounts on couple of credit cards

Very nice hotel, loved it

Good

Great service by the duty manager Ali Hussnain who got us an express check in.  In addition om check out he also was eager to know how they can improve their service.

My recent stay at Marriott Karachi was nothing short of exceptional, thanks to the remarkable hospitality extended by Mr. Ali, the Duty Manager. From the moment I arrived, Ali ensured every detail was perfectly handled — his professionalism, warmth and genuine care for guests truly stood out. It’s rare to come across individuals who embody the true spirit of hospitality, and Ali is certainly one of them.

His attentiveness not only made my stay comfortable but also left a lasting impression on me and my team. Marriott Karachi is indeed fortunate to have such a dedicated and gracious professional representing their brand. I will always prefer to stay at this hotel in the future and wish Ali continued success and happiness in his career.

I have stayed  in other Marriott's around the world. This was my first time at the Karachi property. I had texted my arrival to the hotel and had the driver and greeter waiting for me at the airport. This is very reassuring for someone arriving in a new city.
The hotel property, staff and accommodation were excellent.
The hotel guest relations Parin Williams went above and beyond in making me feel welcome and comfortable.
The dining room manager and staff were very attentive down to the small details.
Thank you and I would recommend this property over other choices in Karachi.

Nice place to stay..

I went there for a conference. The acs were very good. Food quality was okay. Coffee taste did not tasted like premium so I guess they have started cost cutting.
Good thing I noticed was in house RO water system delivering water bottle in glass. They have replaced the metallic caps of the juices glass bottles and removed their stickers. So basically they are refulling with expiry stickers and plastic caps so no oxidation on top. This is good cost cutting and a unique way as deficnelty the glass bottle would be free as they would have been used in some kitchen areas. Masjid is outside the hotel with washroom. Well chappal is also present there. Acs were also in masjid. I don't know but mobile data did not work very well at gate so if u come by rise srvices book from inside the hotel.
Overall it was good experience.

Had a great experience at the Marriott Bistro Rozana breakfast buffet! A wonderful mix of desi, continental, and international dishes — everything was fresh, flavorful, and nicely presented. The French toast was definitely the highlight for me — soft, perfectly cooked, and delicious! 🥞

There’s also a good selection of fresh fruits, salads, and breads. Parking inside is limited and seating can get a bit tight during peak hours, so it’s best to come early. The ambiance is calm and elegant, and the staff were generally attentive.

The only small drawback was that tea and coffee aren’t part of the buffet and are served by one staff member, which can take a bit of time.

Price is subjective, but overall, great value for a five-star breakfast experience. Would definitely visit again! ☕🍳🥐

Luxurious hotels with lots of 😊

Restrooms are neat n tidy good work samreen and i love the floral work on floor by manisha

Marriott is a top notch hotel in Karachi. It has luxurious rooms with all the amenities of a 5 star hotel .Room Service and House keeping is also great. Staff is courteous and cooperative. One of the best hotels in Karachi.

Pretty good one

We reached Karachi quite late, but the hotel was kind enough to arrange a complimentary airport pickup, which was a thoughtful touch after a long flight.

At check-in, the front desk staff was welcoming and efficient. A special mention to Daim, who was extremely helpful and made sure the process was smooth. The hotel also offered us a free upgrade to make our stay more comfortable - perks of being a Bonvoy member, I guess!

We had last stayed here in May 2025, when the hotel was undergoing the final stages of its renovation. It was nice to see the work all completed this time, with upgraded rooms and fresh interiors. The rooms and especially the washrooms looked great - that’s honestly one of the key things I look at when judging a hotel, and Marriott did well.

It was also heartwarming to see Momal again - she had assisted us during our last stay, and what stood out was how she actually remembered and recognized us despite the number of guests that come and go. That kind of personal attention really makes a difference.

The old Nadia Restaurant had now been reintroduced as Bistro Rozana, and it’s a lovely upgrade. The Sunday brunches are still as lively as ever, and the live singing adds to the atmosphere.

And of course, the iconic pan corner outside the hotel remains, serving from the same rickshaw setup. I did miss seeing the familiar uncle (his son mentioned he’s unwell), but it was nice to see the tradition continue.

Overall, our stay was smooth, comfortable, and pleasantly familiar - with small gestures and familiar faces that make you feel valued as a returning guest.

nice

Marriot is versatile in hotel category in Pakistan. One of its kind best services, ambiance, food, decor etc. We have a corporate event there and it was managed very actively.

I went there for breakfast a week back. It was first Wednesday of October 2025. The good thing was the decor. I feel some of the food like Chinese gravy and rice were reheated and served so it is advised that they should cook it fresh.

The lady at the French toast corner is so unwelcoming, I asked her to get me less oil parathas she asked me to contact the waiter, i do understand it was not her duty but she could have said it nicely or asked the waiter herself. Actually, when you go to a five star hotel you want every thing best be it their attitude as well as food.

Additionally, the egg station chefs were using the plastic spoon for egg frying. As plastic is carcinogenic so I advise that they should use wooden spoon and not non stick or plastic spoon as they both are bad for health.

The waiters do not come and ask if we want anything, they are so less and they are busy with their work all time that they do not come themselves, so management should increase the number of waiters and also ask them to ask the guest themselves if  they want anything.

Please take care of the minor details that we the guests note

Excellent experience

Satisfying atmosphere

Ideal hotel for a vacation,  activities around the clock, with a friendly staff, especially the restaurant manager, Mr. Mir. Such dedicated staff truly elevate the hotel experience.

Merit hotel is so beautiful

Pakistani hotels is 👌 👍 😍 🥰 ☺ 💖

Best hotel I’ve ever visited

Comfortable stay, just like proper hotel offered complementary mini bar, good service, friendly staff. Much better then avari and pc

One of the best hotels I have stayed in Karachi. Room were clean, always smelling fresh and the staff was very cooperative.

Good experience

Good

Marriot Karachi is the best place to stay. Mr Ali Hussain is a professional Manager. He has resolved all the issues very efficiently. I would Definitely stay in Marriot again.

Like to acknowledge exceptional welcome process from security point staff, to bellman’s  and superb greetings by Syed Ubaid Hussain at front desk ✅, check in process was flawless as being a Ambassasor Elite member, room housekeeping was excellent as well (though upgrades are due 😉), lounge staff and variety of snack offerings were excellent and tasteful, Mir in your Rozana Restaurant as well a exceptional hospitality professional, and food fresh and flavorful, doorman very respectful and always smiles, I had visited in early January 2025 as well and I must state there’s a great increase on staff attitudes, hospitality, respectfully stating our names everytime by all, visible retraining of staff by managers on standards, only negative I have for customers service manager (forgot their names)  that visited our 9th floor needs, he was accompanied by some asst of another department, they lacked respect for guest. Finally, I came in with an expectations and this visit exceeded those! Good job and to leadership team. To top off on how great service was, we had forgot a small bag with valuables in the room, the team called to inform us of it and offered to bring it to us at the airport, I haven’t seen this at any hotels around the world and I travel a lot, Wajahat brought it us and with great caring sympathetic attitude, the messaging via App was always responsive, God Bless all, great communications within the staff, Take care till next time.

Liked the place , visit for event

Beautiful

Good very good

amazing experience

Excellent

Amazing experience! The hotel staff couldn't do enough to help, everyone was very welcoming and friendly, and the on site food was good too.

Great experience at Marriott Karachi! The staff is super friendly, rooms are clean and comfortable, and the food is amazing. Felt safe and well taken care of throughout my stay. Highly recommend!

Lovely ambience for family dinner

Wawo
Soo good
Amazing

Karachi Meerut hotel bahut achcha hai humne yahan per khana bhi khaya swimming de doston ke sath ji gapshup per hui purushon ko Jaga hai Karachi ka mahal bahut achcha hai aur mere bahut acchi hai mujhe achcha bahut achcha response Mila good staff hai service bahut acchi hai mujhe yahan jakar bahut achcha laga nice good I love you Karachi

酒店干净

Limited seat for to wait in the lobby

I have been living in this hotel for more than 2 months now and a lot of things don't work.
-It is not possible to change money as only one of 20 seems to be accepted.
-The room cards do not work all the time.
-Television is also only possible to a limited extent as there is no programme available for days.
-Bonus points are sent to other people's accounts.
-...
A stress-free stay is not really possible

رائع جدا

Extremely beautiful pool well connected to the mall! Superb rooms

Was a good stay but suddenly in the middle of night, the washroom ceiling collapsed, which should not have happened in this 5 star hotel, fall short of expectation and could have seriously injured the guest if any fallen debris or mirror cracked.

Why are not  providing  a pair of  a sleeper while  I asked  for  emergency reason  .. also I was  so  quite  nice  speaking to  them  .. they make a lot of  excuse not to  provide a simple paire of sleeper that s not  right .

Excellent hotel

Great room and location.

Pan & Sheryl at reception were amazing and very accommodating and helpful.

Highly recommend this hotel

Excellent

مز أجمل الفنادق الموجودة في مارينا وذا اطلالة جميلة جدا

Very disappointing stay at JW Marriott Hotel Marina.

The sauna experience was extremely poorly managed — no clear instructions at check-in, no staff present at the facility, unanswered calls to reception, and I had to wait around 45 minutes just to get an access card after going back and forth multiple times.

To make matters worse, the bathroom was in poor condition — the toilet seat was completely wet upon arrival, and the bathtub water came out yellow, which is completely unacceptable.

Overall, very poor service, lack of communication, and concerning hygiene and maintenance issues. Not what you would expect from a hotel of this standard.

What’s more surprised, the hotel deleted my booking information from the system via Bonvoy. Isn’t it crazy?

Hotel beside the Marine area and next to mallNext to the hotel

J’ai séjourné au JW Marriott Hotel Marina et honnêtement, c’était une expérience incroyable. L’hôtel est immense, très chic et vraiment impressionnant dès l’arrivée. Tout est spacieux, bien entretenu et l’ambiance générale est très agréable.

Le personnel est exceptionnel : toujours souriant, professionnel et à l’écoute. On se sent vraiment bien accueilli du début à la fin. Les chambres sont grandes, confortables et très propres, avec tout ce qu’il faut à disposition.

L’hôtel propose énormément de services et d’équipements (piscine, restaurants, accès direct au centre commercial…), donc on ne manque de rien pendant le séjour.

Comfortable thanks Mrs Hajer
Thanks Mr. Hazem

An all round five star experience indeed! Great location with some amazing views if you’re lucky enough to have a room with the marina view.

Spacious, well equipped rooms with all the amenities that you would need.

The staff really go out of their way to make sure you’re well taken care off. Special mention for Shavani who prepared a wonderful meal for us and Sheryl for going out of her way to take care of us.

I’ll certainly be back.

I recently stayed at Marriott Marina Mall and had a really great experience. As a Titanium member, I was pleasantly surprised with a room upgrade, which made the stay even more enjoyable. The staff were professional, welcoming, and handled everything smoothly from check-in to check-out.
One of the best things about this hotel is its direct connection to Marina Mall — you literally have everything you need just steps away, from shopping to dining, which made the stay very convenient.
The rooms were clean, comfortable, and well-maintained, and overall the hotel has a very relaxed and high-quality feel.
Highly recommended, especially if you’re looking for comfort, great service, and easy access to everything in one place. Would definitely stay again.

Service not good

Very convenient to mall and marina area. Walkable to train station and marina walk. Rooms are spacious and service is great. Highly recommend to anyone visiting the UAE.

The security behaviour is pathetic; they bark like dogs instead of acting professionally."

Clean

Шикарное место. Красивые виды. Отличное обслуживание!

Nice hotel

Kiváló lokáció pazar kilátás A hotel a marina mallban helyezkedik el
A szállodának vannak hotel szobái és  apartmanjai is
Közel van a JBR pár szaz méterre van a metró megálló is
A Mallban vannak gyorséttermek egy szuper közért és még 1 millió bolt is
Jó választás ajánlani tudom mindenkinek.

It was our second time at JW Marriott Marina. Always an amazing experience in this wonderful hotel. In particularly, special thanks to Adel, the Front Office Supervisor that gave to us such an amazing room, to Bahaa the restaurant manager for his kindness and helpfulness, to Rais the housekeeper for arranging the room for my birthday with decorations. I’ll return for sure. Thank you!

Bellissimo hotel a Dubai marine con entrata ad uno dei mall di Dubai con vista fantastica e piscina esterna nei piani. Le camere sono suite o junior suite. La colazione internazionale ed orientale è molto buona.
Situato in ottima posizione .sul attico c’è un bar che la sera offre alcolici

Good u

Everything is perfect. All 5 stars are confirmed.

What a huge hotel! Largest by far that I ever stayed in. It had over a dozen restaurants, including 2 rooftop bars, and a spacious swimming pool and lounge area. I tried a number of the restaurants and they were all impressive; Rang Mahal, Positino, Lush Burger, La Farine, Bridgewater Tavern, and more ... Conveniently located in the heart of the business district. Great room views and exceptional service.

Hier gibt es nichts zu meckern. Ein 5 Sterne Hotel wie es sein soll. Alle!! Mitarbeiter sind sehr zuvorkommend und freundlich. Da habe ich bisher nur sehr selten erlebt. Wir kommen sehr gerne mal wieder vorbei.

Excellent hotel, very good service, spacious rooms and has an impressive view of the Marina. The friendly staff and they let us enter our room hours before.

The hotel is set on the canals leading to the sea. There are beautiful views both inside and out but the best thing about the hotel is the friendly and accommodating staff. It's my go to place to stay in Dubai.

Uitstekende service, de eerste kamer was ik niet tevreden mee en de manager heeft ons een upgrade gegeven naar een suite en lunch en diner erbij. |Het eten is goed en de service tijdens het eten uitstekend. Baha, Anas en Pratik en de andere waar ik de namen niet meer weet hebben uitstekend voor mij gezorgd. Dank jullie wel.

During our stay we experienced very bad attitude from manager on duty. Specially on the first night of the attacks. I was staying in the hotel while I have friends that lives in the same building with children who were kicked out from the conference room. The manager showed 0 humanityand said it’s hotel policy. Therefore I’m never ever staying in a JW Marriott property until you take appropriate action.

It's very Wonderful dine in Harbour, very enjoyable place with sports like pool . I enjoyed cigar lounge with glass of wine. Siraz,  sutan they are make me very happy and they are very professional. food was fantastic

Personel ilgili hijyenik

Iftaar buffet was decent with good taste and service.

This is the best hotel in Dubai Marina,
loved the dates at the lobby. Great spa, towel service and pool

I celebrated my husband’s birthday at JW Kitchen and our guests and family truly loved the experience.The service was excellent,food options were tasty .Beautiful ambiance.Special mention to Allfrin who took care of all our requests and ensured guests are comfortable and well attended.JW team is lucky to have such a dedicated member on board.Thank you for the service and hospitality.Will surely come again !

ALEC company had arranged dinner for all of its staff tonight in JW Marriott hotel. The food was great. The setup was amazing. But most of all, the chef, the staff and the customer service were even greater and lovely. Special commendation to Naveen who took good care of our group during dinner. Highly recommend to all food lovers in UAE.

Muy buena ubicación en la Marina de Dubái justo debajo está el centro comercial Dubái Mall. Piscina muy grande.

Hitel 5 estrellas muy bueno exelente ubicacion servicios restaurante y pileta infinita totalmente recomendable

Lovely holiday to see my son in Dubai Marina. |The hotel staff are very helpful and welcoming. |The rooms are very clean and comfortable.|Lovely pool area and gym.|A little expensive when solo.

We had an excellent stay at JW Marriott Marina Dubai and a truly perfect holiday.

A very special thank you goes to Mr. Palangan and his entire team for the wonderful service. This is where true guest service is lived — we were taken care of beyond all our expectations in every respect.

The hotel’s location is ideal and could hardly be better. We would also like to especially highlight the pool area: both the facilities themselves and the staff on site are extremely attentive, welcoming, and friendly.

Culinarily, we were equally impressed. The food at Harbour Restaurant, as well as the breakfast and dinner buffet, is highly recommended and of very high quality.

Once again, our heartfelt thanks for the fantastic stay and the outstanding guest service. We would be delighted to return!

Attended Fellowship Dubai Church meetings at Sundays! If you are confused to find a church in Dubai please feel free to come here ♥️
Regarding JW Marriot, It's an exquisite spot with great luxury combined with impeccable service ❤️❤️

I went for a professional conference at this location on the 13th of Feb. This was the first time I've heard of or seen this Marriott despite my numerous visits to the adjacent Marina mall. At first I was not sure if it has its own entrance way with a valet or I would need to park at the mall (with its spiral parking area). I called the hotel and I was told yes they do have an entrance way and do provide valet parking, and also they have an entrance from the mall but was too much to navigate.
As I was driving down to the hotel which has no sign on its building or in the side of street, I slowed down before getting there and surely I could see its sign tucked inside its alley placed on the round wall connecting it to the mall area. I was really relieved and I took a picture of that entrance as I was leaving (the car behind me did not allow me time to take a video for others to see their way in.
The meeting was on the 4th floor assigned to us for displayed and conference hall. The f&b were in the middle of that display hall that leads to the conference hall, all convenient.
Overall I was pleased with everything,

As a family traveling with two energetic boys (ages 4 and 6), finding a dining venue that seamlessly balances high-quality gastronomy with genuine, kid-friendly service is often a challenge. However, our recent dinner at JW Kitchen in the JW Marriott Hotel Marina completely exceeded our expectations.|​I want to extend my deepest gratitude to ALFRIN, NIKITA, and NASAR. These three exceptional staff members went above and beyond to ensure our family was comfortable and well taken care of. They were incredibly patient and engaging with our young sons, anticipating our table's needs before we even had to ask. Their proactive approach allowed my spouse and me to actually relax and enjoy our meal—a rare luxury for parents on a trip!|​The food quality was outstanding, but it was the warm, world-class hospitality from Alfrin, Nikita, and Nasar that truly elevated our evening and made it unforgettable. They are a true asset to the JW Marriott brand. Highly recommended for any families staying in the Dubai Marina area!

Excellent experience at the JW Marriott , Dubai Marina ! I had been here numerous times while under the Address Label. It was nothing to write home about. This was my first time here after it coming under the Marriott group. Starting from the check-in to the relevant facilities upgrade related to my Tier, down to the service and care levels at the JW Kitchen which was where I had all the meals while here, was exceptional. Particular mentions have to be made about the following personnel who went about making the stay world class - Nicky, Alfrin , Gayani, Suhan, Niti, Ayub, Pratik, Naser and some names I seem to have missed - a BIG Thank You.

The Iftar offers a mix of Middle Eastern and international dishes with live cooking stations where food is prepared in front of you. There is also live oud music during the evening which adds to the traditional atmosphere. Arabic drinks (and even the ice cream) are served in a traditional way, which is a nice touch.||Guests can choose between indoor and terrace seating. The terrace feels more refreshing with views of the city skyline and soft lighting that creates a calm ambiance. The buffet is neatly presented and the overall setup looks organized and well arranged.||The chefs were accommodating and engaging.

Very good food and Great Service from Alfrin

サービスがとてもよく最高な2泊を過ごすことができました。
大満足。

Overall, the hotel is fine, what you would expect from a Marriott hotel.

I was there for 11 days. The only big problem I had was on the weekend when the bar/nightclub on the 4th floor was blasting music. If your room is on the left wing (xx22 to xx30) near the big empty space, on any floor, you could easily tell what music was playing. The staff reacted pretty fast to my complaint, lowering the sound and the bass, but you could still hear it in the room on the 6th floor. Luckily, they moved me to another room, on the right wing, but it's a warning for others, as you might not be so lucky to move.

Side notes:
- Never went to the pool (overcrowded, which was a shame as it was one of the reasons I chose this hotel)
- Never went to the restaurant/breakfast (overpriced; you have good restaurants in Dubai for much cheaper).
About Marina:
Lovely place, expect traffic during rush hours when entering or exiting the marina. A little crowded during high season, otherwise a good sector if you've never been.

We had the most incredible time in Dubai, and our stay at the JW Marriott Hotel Dubai was truly a highlight of our honeymoon.|From the moment my husband made the reservation, the hotel team helped him create something extraordinarily special for our arrival. He had arranged for rose petals, champagne, desserts, and fruits and nuts to be set up in our room—but the staff went far beyond what we imagined. They added balloons with sweet Valentine’s tags, crafted an adorable swan from towels, scattered rose petals across the bed and nightstands, and even filled the bathtub with water and petals. Walking into the room was such a magical and unforgettable surprise.|Throughout our stay, the service was consistently outstanding. The staff warmly greeted us in the hallways, welcomed us at the entrance, opened car doors, and always made us feel valued and cared for. Housekeeping was exceptional—our room was kept spotless, fresh towels were promptly delivered, and even a bucket of ice was brought up upon request. During turndown service, they thoughtfully prepared the bed and left bottled water and glasses ready for us, adding another special touch to each evening.|The buffet was equally impressive, offering a wide variety of fresh and delicious options. The restaurant staff was attentive and ensured we had everything we needed.|The location was perfect. We loved being able to walk easily through the mall and explore the beautiful Dubai Marina. Having that kind of access made our stay even more enjoyable. Our room had breathtaking views of the marina and the glittering high-rise skyline at night—truly unforgettable.|I couldn’t have asked for a more perfect honeymoon. Every detail was thoughtfully handled, and every moment felt special. It was an experience we will cherish forever.

The JW Marriott Marina is situated at the heart of the Dubai Marina, offering beautiful views and giving it a vibrant yet relaxing atmosphere. The hotel and it’s surroundings are quite.|The staff is friendly and helpful, especially Mujahed, who’s made my breakfast a pleasure every day.

Slightly over the top service. But excellent building and location.

Room condition is little bit low than other Marriott, but view and the location is the best for enjoying Marina

And the pool is nice

Excellent quality 👌

It was a great experience. The place is wonderful and definitely worth staying at

We arrived and checked into the room that I had upgraded. The room was dirty, sofa was torn, no carpet, dirty chair and table outside on deck with stains. The TV was an antique one. Worst Marriott property. The staff was friendly and nice. Giving Marriott a bad name.

Good service,  very high quality food, free parking

Amazing experience. The buffet has a wide variety and is very tasty.
Thanks to Ayoub, Abdulnasar and Alfrin for the service and the birthday celebration.

I came to relax on my holiday, but instead I felt disturbed and stressed throughout my stay, which ultimately prevented me from extending it. The pool DJ plays extremely loud music all day and late into the night. I couldn’t rest or sleep at all. When I called to complain, I was told they have a license for it. I returned from my holiday feeling very exhausted instead of recharged. This was a very disappointing experience.

Really nice location, good services, acces to dubai marina mall nice view

Great hotel the Marriott is the brand that represents me

A nice place in heart of Dubai marina with veiw of marina,boats,marina mall

I had an excellent experience at JW Marriott Dubai Marina, from arrival to departure.

A special thank you to Hazem for the early check-in, which was greatly appreciated after a long journey, and also for the late check-out until 3:00 pm. These thoughtful gestures truly reflect the hotel’s commitment to guest comfort and exceptional service.

The buffet breakfast was absolutely amazing — outstanding variety, quality, and presentation. Special thanks to Tushar, who made sure everything was perfect and turned breakfast into a memorable experience.

At the restaurant, the service was outstanding. The hostess Nytia welcomed us warmly and professionally, while Mujahid and Afsal provided excellent service — attentive, efficient, and genuinely kind. It’s clear when a team takes pride in what they do.

Overall, JW Marriott Dubai Marina delivers hospitality at the highest level. I will definitely return and highly recommend this hotel without hesitation.

i came here for pool very bad experience too crowded and the atmosphere looks very cheap... the women made reservation is very very rude... i stayed in ankara in turkey marriott but i will never stay any of your hotels again!!!

Εκπληκτικό ξενοδοχείο με μαγευτική θέα ! Το δωμάτιο φανταστικό η εξυπηρέτηση στο lobby ήταν πολύ καλή και φιλικοί. Η πισίνα είναι όλα τα λεφτά επίσης. Πρωινό ανάλογο για αυτά που κοστίζει το δωμάτιο. Η σύνδεση με το mall αλλά και τα bar μέσα στο ξενοδοχείο σε κάνει να μην θέλεις να βγεις καθόλου έξω από αυτό. Εννοείται συστήνεται!

スタッフの対応がとても素敵でした！|気遣いがとても素晴らしくて快適なホテルステイを楽しむことができました。|またきたいと思います！

Wir waren nun bereits das 6 mal ( leider dieses Mal nur für 14 Tage) im JW Marriott Hotel Marina Jumeirah Beach und haben uns auch dieses Mal sehr sehr wohl gefühlt.  Vielen Dank an alle Mitarbeiter, welche uns sehr zuvorkommend, lieb und nett unsere Zeit in Dubai versüßt haben. Ein besonderen Dank geht hiebei an den Koch und seiner Crew im Jones sowie an alle Kräfte im Service . Wir haben viele liebe Freunde aus dem Personal 😉gefunden und freuen uns auf ein baldiges Wiedersehen in Dubai 😘.
Vielen vielen Dank...bis spätestens nächstes Jahr.😀😀 🌞🌞

The hotel is nice, the stuff is kind. We didn’t like the service and the stuff at the pool, the vibe isn’t good.

Estuvimos alojados una semana , enero 2026 . El Hotel es maravilloso, pero al llegar nos encontramos con la desagradable sorpresa de que no habían reservado la habitación… así es que nos dijeron que no teníamos reserva y que ya no tenían lugar aunque pagáramos por esa noche  … tuvimos que salir a buscar otro hotel por esa noche . Al día siguiente nuestra agencia de viaje nos hizo retornar al hotel ya que nuestra reserva existía y estaba disponible .
Hasta el día de hoy no tuvimos ninguna explicación por parte del hotel .

מלון ברמה גבוהה מאד.
שרות מעולה , קרוב למרינה ולטיילת
פנסיון מלא.
צוות אדיב מאד בכל מקום

انتبه لا تأخذ الغرف التي تطل على اعمال حفر بالقرب من الفندق لوجود حفارات وبوكلينات و أعمال حفر مزعجه جداااا لا تدعك تستمتع بالتراس( البلكونه) الخاصه بالغرفه طلبت غرفه ذو اطلاله جميله ولكن للأسف أعمال الحفر افسدت علي إقامتي غرفتي كانت 1026

We had an absolutely perfect stay at JW Marriott Hotel Marina, and it exceeded all expectations.
From the moment we arrived, Intissar at the front desk went above and beyond. She surprised us with a generous room upgrade, thoughtfully helped arrange rose petals on the bed for my girlfriend’s birthday, and took the time to help me find locations around the Marina with excellent recommendations that made our stay effortless.
The hotel itself is outstanding perfect Marina location, beautiful rooms, exceptional food, and consistently 5 star service throughout. Every interaction felt warm, professional, and seamless.
This was one of those rare stays where everything comes together. A sincere thank you to Intissar for setting the tone for such an unforgettable experience. We will absolutely be returning and highly recommend this hotel.

Dit hotel is perfect. Het ligt heel centraal je kunt in de avond heerlijk over de boulevard lopen. Ook het ontbijt bij hotel is over heerlijk en alles is aanwezig. Onze ober Mujahid liet het ons aan niets ontbreken. Elke ochtend ontving hij ons met een vrolijke lach. Dank jullie wel voor deze fantastische ervaring.

Excellent experience and service at JW Marriot Marina hotel. Special thank for
arranging my wife’s birthday package
🙏

מלון מעולה! נהדר לצליאקים. |בארוחת בוקר השף דאג לשאול אותי מה להכין לי באופן מיוחד( וגם שטף את המחבת לפני)  כולל קינוחים מפנקים:) |הצוות כולו אדיב ונותן מענה לכל בקשה. חדרים נקיים ומאובזרים. איפשרו צ׳ק אאוט מאוחר ללא תוספת תשלום

فندق يقع في قلب مرسى دبي ..العيب الوحيد أن الأكل ليس به بهارات كثيرة قدم لنا الفندق كيكة عيد رأس السنة

Very nice hotel and great location. The bed and the pillows really comfortable! Staff is really helpful! The bathrooms are poorly renovated but this is not something that caused us problem.

Great room, food and service. Really well located for walks along arina and also Marina Mall.

Lovely place great service I like it

افضل فندق 👍👍

The hotel is nice and big however the houskeeping is very poor.

Wonderful stay and experience

​Watching Chef Najeeb at the live station in jw kitchen was the highlight of the breakfast service. It wasn’t just breakfast; it was a performance. With the dexterity of a magician, they cracked the eggs one-handed, the shells vanishing before the yolks hit the sizzling pan.Despite the long line, they moved with incredible speed and kept a smile on their face the whole time.

Отдыхали здесь с детьми на зимних каникулах, всё было прекрасно: вежливый персонал, чистый номер с видом на Марину. Нас заселили на три часа раньше, за что отдельное спасибо. Очень вкусные завтраки и потрясающий вид с балкона. Уже не первый раз выбираю сеть Marriott и всегда остаюсь довольна. Обязательно вернёмся ❤️

Kids club perfect

Excellent hotel
Outstanding service
Excellent location
I consider this Marriott hotel marina Dubai to be among top 10 BEST hotels in DUBAI
Service is outstanding
In addition to morning service where maids  clean your room, change towels, put New amenities= there is an evening shift where they knock on your door ask if you need additional water , coffee capsules, or anything else
After 20 minutes, evening time=
They knock on your door, asking if you need additional towels, or any additional amenities
Outstanding !
In reception= in addition to receptionist over the counter=
There are customer service staff that try to solve your problem or questions
They have authority to activate departments or other people to help you.
Outstanding service
In swimming pool=
In addition to life guards= there
Are customer service staff, that
Will try to fullfil your needs.
If you need additional towels, or
Bathrobes, or umbrella 🏖️ for the sun= they have authority to activate people or any staff to fullfil your needs.
Outstanding service
This hotel NOT afraid to invest in
Over staffed employees, MORE staff to help you, BETTER service to you.
This is why they have MORE customers
MORE guests
Excellent location, where the whole marina is in front of you
Very good breakfast
With plenty of choices
I recommend this Marriott marina hotel in DUBAI= very, very, very,
MUCH !
VERY MUCH !
And it's definitely a 5 stars hotel !
January 13
2026

I only stay here due to the convenient location and the fact that it has a great gym.
Besides that the rooms are basic and the staff are utterly useless. The entire front desk staff could do with just being overhauled entirely!

إقامتي في فندق JW Marriott Marina كانت جميلة بشكل عام.
موقع الفندق ممتاز مباشرة على المارينا، وملاصق لمارينا مول مع مدخل مباشر للمول من داخل الفندق بدون الحاجة للخروج.
الفيو من الغرفة على المارينا جميل جدًا، والغرف واسعة ونظيفة ومريحة، وخدمة الغرف ممتازة جدًا.
صار في البداية سوء تفاهم عند الاستقبال وتأخر الحجز قليلًا، لكن تم حل المشكلة بسرعة واحترافية من قبل المدير أحمد صفوت، وتم عمل خصم على الغرفة لثلاث ليالي مع إفطار مجاني، وهذا يُحسب لهم.
حجزت عن طريق Marriott Bonvoy، والخدمة كانت ممتازة.
أشكر الأستاذ عادل في الاستقبال، وكذلك الأستاذة أماني، ابتسامتها راقية وتعاملها لطيف جدًا.
الخدمة بشكل عام راقية وطاقم العمل يهتم براحة النزلاء.
ملاحظات مهمة:
ضغط الماء في الحمام ضعيف جدًا، وتم إبلاغ الفندق بذلك ولكن للأسف لم يتم حل المشكلة.
استغربت وجود فوطة معلّقة في الحمام على أنها نظيفة، وتفاجأت بأنها غير نظيفة. تم إبلاغ الاستقبال اليوم، وتحدثت مع موظف اسمه إبراهيم (مصري الجنسية)، لكن حتى الآن لم يتم التواصل معي للاعتذار أو المتابعة، مع العلم أنني ما زلت مقيمة في الفندق وحجزي لثلاث ليالٍ.
ملاحظة للعلم: المسبح لا يوجد له قسم مخصص للنساء، وجميع المرافق مشتركة.
تنبيه: الخروج بالسيارة من الفندق قد يكون مزدحمًا بسبب وجود إشارة قريبة وازدحام زوار المول، خصوصًا في أوقات الذروة.
اشكر الاستاذ عادل في الريسبشن لتسجيل الخروج المتأخر
شكر حار لشركة Marriott Bonvoy على توظيفها كفاءات متميزة في إدارة الفندق وحسن اختيار طاقم العمل.
تجربة فخمة وتستحق التكرار ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
🇬🇧 English:
My stay at JW Marriott Marina was overall very pleasant.
The hotel is located directly on the marina and attached to Marina Mall, with direct indoor access to the mall, which is very convenient.
The marina view from the room is beautiful, the rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable, and the room service is excellent.
There was a misunderstanding at reception at the beginning, and check-in took longer than expected. However, the issue was resolved quickly and professionally by Manager Ahmed Safwat, who offered a discount for three nights along with complimentary breakfast, which was highly appreciated.
I booked through Marriott Bonvoy, and the service was excellent.
Special thanks to Mr. Adel at reception and Ms. Amani for their kindness and professionalism—her smile was truly elegant.
Overall, the staff are professional and attentive to guest comfort.
Important notes:
The water pressure in the bathroom was very weak. I informed the hotel, but unfortunately, the issue was not resolved.
I was surprised to find a towel hanging in the bathroom marked as clean, but it was actually dirty. I reported this today to reception and spoke with a staff member named Ibrahim (Egyptian). However, I have not yet received a follow-up call or apology, despite still being a guest with a three-night stay.
Please note: there is no women-only swimming pool; all facilities are shared.
Also, exiting the hotel by car can be busy due to a nearby traffic light and mall traffic, especially during peak hours.
Warm thanks to Marriott Bonvoy for employing such a highly competent and professional team to manage the hotel.
A luxurious experience worth repeating ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Truly one of my best hotel experiences. The service was extremely attentive, and I felt very well taken care of throughout my stay.

I had an amazing massage and would highly recommend it. The gym is super clean, and the cold towels are a really nice touch. Breakfast was excellent as well.

I also did quite a bit of online shopping, and the concierge team was incredibly helpful, they received my packages and arranged seamless delivery to my room.

Overall, a fantastic experience with very attentive staff. Would definitely return.

If you expect luxury, you are at the wrong place.

Pool is like a zoo with Beats all day and a crowd so you cannot lay on any beds. You have to speak up for yourself and complain so they block some sunbeds for your stay

As good as it gets and as premium as the brand stands for.

Well, as always the JW MARRIOTT, always lives up their name and meets the expectations barring none.
It's luxury personified.
with premium exemplified.

Many more to you

Séjour d’une nuit au JW Marriott Dubai pour profiter de la marina.|Joli hôtel, très pratique avec l’accès direct au mall.|La chambre est confortable, la literie également, idéale pour une courte escale ou un city break.|Un bon hôtel, fonctionnel et agréable, parfaitement adapté pour découvrir le quartier de la marina.|Magnifique vue depuis la chambre

Wonderful experience

A very nice place, we had a great time. The rooftop pool is fantastic!

Pool is the best , tasty food, amazing atmosphere 🕊️✨

Belle endroit ! On y mange bien :) bien accueillis je recommande vivement ! Merci !

L’hôtel a bien changé depuis ma première venue il y a une 10aine d’année
Il était géré par the Adress et c’était un tout autre niveau.
Si vous comptez vous reposer à la piscine c’est impossible.
De la musique très forte est constamment balancée , c’est un endroit pour les 25-30 ans
De plus, ils font des travaux et augmentent le son pour compenser le bruit des travaux.Ce sont des méthodes de voyous.Je ne reviendra plus dans cet hôtel.

I have been teaching at the Marriott meeting rooms for a year now and the catering, coffee breaks, services, support of the staff, in particular Sharif who is fully dedicated and supportive to the best.

Great services, mainly specially from the banquet team, specifically Mr. Sherif, who is dedicated all the time to serve our events and courses with his kindness and professionalism. He attended to our requirements and needs whenever required with discipline and a smile on his face.

Excellent stay - everything you can expect from this brand and more. The hospitality team is warm and attentive at all touchpoints from the front desk to the room services. I want to specially call out Mr. Bahaa restaurant manager at the lobby level. I've never seen such a caring host, ensuring that the guest's special dietary needs are taken care of. All the best!

سعر مبالغ فيه

Amazingly maintained and decorated, with spectacular views and a strategic location. Friendly accommodating staff and consistent customer service. Felt welcomed and taken care of from start to end.
Truly thank you. Keep up the good work and impeccable presentation and customer service.

من افضل الفنادق اللي سكنت فيها من ناحية الخدمه والاستقبال الله يعطيهم العافيه الاستاذ خوسيه والاستاذ عادل وكل الطاقم الموجود كل شخص يخدمك بكل رحابه وبشاشه

تجربة حلوه وزادها حلاوة خدمة الاستقبال احمد ابراهيم خلوق ودود ومحترم

Dieses Hotel ist einfach nur toll. Klasse Service, mega leckeres Frühstück ausfefallener Poolbereich ,excellente Lage. Wir kommen wieder.

Beautiful Xmas 🎄vibe and DAY+NIGHT view of Marina Bay Area.

This hotel is not a 5 star hotel. Why you ask? Well because
1. they don’t clean rooms properly and it shows from the crumbs on the floor, the water stains on the mirror, the lack of attention to detail
2. They forget to bring you things you ask for
3. They ask you for a big deposit upon your arrival which is not mentioned anywhere on their website
4. Their pool is overcrowded
5. They don’t tell you about other taxes until the end
6. Their spa is overpriced and they won’t apply the voucher they gave on some of their massages which they won’t tell you about unless you ask.

The only thing we appreciated were the butlers who were very kind and helpful.

Wife varity of restaurant and friendly staff

Топ. Живем здесь. Вход сразу в молл. Идеально летом. Большой бассейн, классный зал. Заезд с главной дороги на паркинг , не нужно стоять в пробках. Чистота. Безопасный , курьеров просто так не пустят.

This is to appreciate Mr Afsal in JW Kitchen for his professionalism , gentle hospitality and attention to details and his hls gorgeous smile
Also Mr Alfrin for his amazing work ethics
Too for Nithya for her welcoming and professional reception mannerism
This is a highly skilled team of respectful resilient and wonderful staff you shall be always proud of ..

Property location is good but breakfast  & dinner spread was not as per JW Marriott standard there were very few vegan options   even service for breakfast was also not as per sJW standard  flush in toilets were also not working very well  small improvements can bring a good positive changes in property

فاخر وهادئ ويتميز بأطلالات رائعة واسعاره ممتازة ونظيف جداً

Was an amazing afternoon by the pool , with great fresh food and amazing cocktails :) and the dj was so good impossible to not dance on the dance floor

Deeply disappointed so we left before the end of our stay and switched hotels. There’s built up gunk in the bathroom and the stay felt like a 3 star really old hotel. Service at reception was horrible. Cleaning, bellmen, and restaurant staff were kind

Ich hatte einen rundum wunderbaren Aufenthalt in diesem Hotel. Das Hotel ist sehr schön und überzeugt durch seine hervorragende Lage direkt an der Marina. Mein Zimmer war sauber, gepflegt und sehr komfortabel ich habe mich dort von Anfang an wohlgefühlt. Der Zimmerservice war ausgezeichnet und stets zuverlässig.||Besonders hervorheben möchte ich das Personal aus allen Abteilungen: durchweg sehr nett, aufmerksam und zuvorkommend. Man spürt sofort, dass hier großer Wert auf Gastfreundschaft gelegt wird.||Allgemein ist das gesamte Hotel äußerst ordentlich und gepflegt.||Das Essen in der JW Kitchen ist durchweg sehr zu empfehlen egal ob Frühstück, Mittag- oder Abendessen. Die Qualität der Speisen sowie der Service im Restaurant sind auf einem hohen Niveau. Besonders aufgefallen ist mir die aufmerksame und professionelle Art des Restaurantpersonals.||Ganz besonders möchte ich den Kellner Abdul Nasar hervorheben. Er ist mit Abstand einer der zuvorkommendsten, freundlichsten und herzlichsten Menschen, die ich je kennengelernt habe. Seine Kompetenz, seine Freundlichkeit und seine außergewöhnliche Aufmerksamkeit haben meinen Aufenthalt maßgeblich bereichert. Bei ihm habe ich mich als Gast besonders willkommen und wertgeschätzt gefühlt.||Das gesamte Team schafft eine wirklich tolle Atmosphäre, zu der man sehr gerne wieder zurückkommt. Ich kann dieses Hotel uneingeschränkt weiterempfehlen und komme definitiv wieder.

It was a great experience. The facility was very clean, and the staff were extremely kind and professional—especially the front desk team.

Special thanks to the duty manager Joes and  Adel, ,Mariam and others in the front disk .Moreover, i would like to thank  Ehab and the kitchen staff.

I would definitely choose this place again. Highly recommended.

Thank you to everyone.

•Komfortabel ausgestattetes, großzügiges Zimmer mit Kingsize Bett|• Mehr als geräumiges Bad mit Regendusche und Wanne|• opulentes, internationales Frühstücksangebot mit frischem Obst / auf Anfrage frisch zubereiteten Säften|• freier Zugang zu einem tollen Außenpool mit beeindruckendem Panoramablick|• stets sehr freundliches Personal, das bei allen Anfragen mit Rat und Tat zur Seite stand …

Connected to Marina Mall..great location..super service..

دفعت لأجل الإطلالة وهذا ماحصلت عليه، إطلالة على مبنى مواقف السيارات!
إضافة إلى الموسيقى الصاخبة التي حرمتنا من فتح الباب والاستمتاع بالتراس والجو العليل.
الفتدق جميل والموظفون ودودون لكن هذه الملاحظات أزعجتني جدا وتحدثت بها معهم لكن لم أجد فائدة.

אני מספר פעמים במלון מ מיוריוט מרינה ותמיד מיתקבל לעובד אצל העובד SIRAJ yeah בבאר המלון בנכס אדיב ומחייך תענוג לקבל שירות בחיוך ובסבר פנים יפות העובד מעלה את רמת השירות 👍🫶❤️

Merkezi konum otel harika.

Great stay housekeeping Mustafa, our attendant, provided top-notch service with a smile. Clean rooms, comfy beds, and excellent amenities. Highly recommend! 5/5 stars!"

מלון נהדר, שירות מעל ומעבר. חדרים ענקיים, מאובזרים.
ארוחת בוקר מגוונת וטעימה. מיקום מושלם יציאה לקניון המרינה,ולטיילת המרינה. קרוב מרחק הליכה לחוף הים.
מושלם.
ממומלץ בחם

Extremely awesome experience 👏

Abdulnaser etait  tres chaleureux ainsi que tout le staff la nourriture etait tres variée et une belle vuesur la marina et pour les enfants y a une Playstation

Pool Area. Discrimination of men. if you are not guest in the hotel thy charge woman 150AED and men 350AED. ? its not acceptable. maybe its a gentlemensclub or swingerclub... no idea. its not the priceproblem! its not acceptable to make difference between men and woman. charge all 350AED if you need and its ok.

I had an amazing experience during my stay at JW Marriott Marina Dubai. The hotel is beautifully designed, modern, and perfectly located in the heart of Dubai Marina, with easy access to restaurants, attractions, and the waterfront.

The staff were incredibly welcoming and attentive throughout my stay. Check-in was smooth, and every request was handled quickly and professionally. My room was spotless, spacious, and offered a stunning view of the Marina.

Breakfast was excellent with a wide variety of fresh options, and the service team made the experience even better. The facilities, including the pool and gym, were well-maintained and added to the overall comfort of the stay.

Overall, it was a memorable experience, and I would definitely choose JW Marriott Marina again on my next visit to Dubai. Highly recommended for anyone looking for comfort, luxury, and top-notch service.

We visited pool inside the hotel “Wane by Somia” and hostess in pool was very rude and disrespected with me and my boyfriend because we not stay at hotel but we come to join the pool party((((( aggressive and disrespect way of conversation we was in shock. She tell her name is  NASIMA !!!! May be she is lie I don’t know

One of the amazing stays I made in Dubai, I actually celebrated my husband’s birthday along with my business trip, I requested the hotel for special arrangements and I am really grateful for their support and nice arrangements.Overall I really enjoyed my stay and for sure I will recommend this hotel for all: as the hotel is luxury, JW kitchen’s food is so delicious, the location is amazing next to one of the best malls in Dubai, connected to Dubai Marina where you can find a number or restaurants and cafes and you will also be able to take a boat/ yacht trips.Thanks to all the staff at the hotel as all were friendly and respectful.

Vue agréable sur le canal très bien servie par monsieur Abdul Nasar. Vous pouvez dinner sur le balcon. Buffet était bon.

Came back to the JW Marriott after my first stay because Adel made such a great impression. The rooms are amazing, but it’s really the service that brings me back. This trip I bumped into Adel again, and also had Al Amin helping me with my bags super helpful and friendly. Thank you both for making the stay smooth.

Zentral in der dubai marina gelegenes hotel mit fussläufiger u guter Anbindung an bus (auch hopp on hopp off) , Tram u metro.

Direkt an die marina mall angebaut, mit direktem Zugang.

Saubere u geräumige Zimmer.

Service ( zumindest für männer) gut.

Frühstück umfangreich mit guter, gesunder Auswahl.

Preis- Leistung ok

Personal nett u freundlich.

Gerne wieder.

Lovely hotel and restruant, great pool with direct access to mall and marina

Pleasant and cheerful experience

Good Location. Great Pool Parties. Very nice Hotel. Loved the all inclusive meals option.

The experience provided by the JW Marriott Marina Dubai was genuinely outstanding. Our visit was marked by a level of service and personal attention that consistently surpassed our highest expectations. From the instant my wife and I stepped onto the property, the team demonstrated an unwavering commitment to our comfort and satisfaction, making every engagement feel both exceptionally professional and authentically cordial.

It all started with Ahmed's proactive support via email, which was crucial in securing an exceptional room that boasted a spectacular view of the marina.The meticulous planning spearheaded by Vamshi, the concierge, was instrumental to the success of our trip. For weeks leading up to our arrival, Vamshi collaborated with my wife via Whatsapp to craft a flawless itinerary for my birthday celebration. The customized elements—from superb dining suggestions to the stunning room decor provided both at check-in and on my birthday itself—showcased an extraordinary level of thoughtful curation. Furthermore, the daily welcoming presence of Adnan, who managed our transportation needs and offered cheerful navigational assistance, was a delightful touch. We must also extend our gratitude to the skilled artist who created our unique souvenir portrait, a charming depiction of us as polo bears, which we will treasure forever!

This entire stay felt truly phenomenal, creating memories that will last a lifetime. Our profound appreciation goes out to the dedicated, warm, and highly skilled individuals who elevated this vacation into something truly magical. We departed with anticipation for our next return. Thank you JW Marriott Marina Dubai Team!!

Our stay at the fabulous JW Marriott Marina Dubai was nothing short of extraordinary! From the moment we arrived, the staff went above and beyond to make us feel welcome and cared for. Every interaction was warm, professional, and genuinely memorable.
The concierge, Vamshi, spent weeks messaging with me before our trip to help plan a perfect itinerary for my husband’s milestone birthday. This is a celebration we will never forget because every detail was so thoughtfully personalized. From exceptional restaurant recommendations to the beautiful room decorations—both upon arrival and on the day of his birthday—everything was curated with such care. We also loved being greeted each day by Adnan’s friendly smile as he helped us get cabs and navigate the city. A very special thank you to the very talented young lady that you are portrait as polo bears.
The entire experience felt out of this world and far exceeded anything we could have imagined. We are beyond grateful to the lovely, friendly, and incredibly talented team who made this trip so special.
We left already dreaming of our next visit. We can’t wait to go back! Highly, highly recommended.

Great hotel located centrally in the Dubai Marina, walking distance to most restaurants in the area and attached to the Marina Mall. Wonderful views from the rooms as well as the pool area, which is a destination on its' own!
The room I was allocated was quite large and had a spacious bathroom with all the amenities to be expected of a 5-star hotel in Dubai.
Comfortable bed, king size with plenty of wardrobe space and a lovely balcony overlooking the Marina.
Breakfast was a real treat: high quality foods combined with friendly and fast service allowed for a lovely experience. It should be noted that the outdoor seating generally doesn't get much sunshine which it probably a good thing considering the temperature in the shade is always high enough.
One oddity that I felt took some of the gloss of the say was the lack of room maintenance. I had to purposely ask for cleaning, also never saw any evening turndown service which is the norm for this type of hotel.
Also, although you could control the room lighting from your phone, it wasn't possible to cast to the TV like Chromecast.
I stayed as an attendee of a conference and the facilities there were also of a high standard with plentiful offering of food almost all day!

Completely unprofessional and unacceptable. The sudden termination of the partnership with Sonder left thousands of guests stranded without a hotel overnight. Hard to believe this reflects any concern for guests or professionalism

조용하고 평화로운 분위기

Excellent

אני רוצה להודוצת לצוות המלון על יחס מושלם! פקיד הקבלה עדל היה נעים מאוד והתחשב בכל דבר שביקשנו ! אבדה לנו שקית במונית והוא דאג להתקשר ולהשיב לנו אותה ! ג'פרי העובד נתן לנו שרות מעולה  אני ממליץ לכולם להגיע למלון הזה

L’hôtel est exceptionnel à tous niveaux. |Mention spéciale à Abdulnasr, Ayoub, Mujahid et Abdullah qui ont été à notre service, souriant et accueillant tout le long de notre séjour. |Merci à vous 🙏🏻|Nous reviendrons…

Os funcionários são maravilhosos!!!super solicitos e amáveis ♥️♥️❤️❤️❤️sempre prontos para nos agradar 🤗gostei bastante.

We had a great stay at the JW Marriott Marina. The hotel was impeccably clean, and the service was truly next level — far beyond what you typically find in Europe.  Afsal and Alfrin from the restaurant went above and beyond to accommodate every request and made our stay truly special.  Just hope the management can improve the service at the Wane pool bar.

It was our second time at JW Marriott Marina. Always an amazing experience in this wonderful hotel. In particularly, special thanks to Adel, the Front Office Supervisor that gave to us such an amazing room, to Bahaa the restaurant manager for his kindness and helpfulness, to Rais the housekeeper for arranging the room for my birthday with decorations. I’ll return for sure. Thank you!

Die Erfahrung war hervorragend ✅🙌|كثير حبيت الرحلة عامة، تجربة كثير رائعة، تجربة النخبة💜|حبيت الناس يلي عم تشتغل بالمطبخ و لي عم تقدر المشروبات. مبتسمين و يسأله بكل حب إذا كلشي تمام🤩 منهم|Yamen, Abada, Annraj. |💜فخامة الاوطيل كمان 🤩  كثير حبيت|اذا اجاتني فرصة أخرى ما راح أتردد و إجي 🙏

فندق فخم 👌🏻 حضرت مؤتمر فيه وان شاء الله بحاول احجز فيه مستقبلا خاصة ان السعر مرتفع جدا
مميز ان مارينا مول ملاصق له

Good

Cet hôtel mérite ces 5 étoiles tout est parfait, le personnel, la nourriture, la vue tout !

🥰🥰

Best hotel to stay in Marina area,  big swimming pool with amazing vip, music, delicious food and amazing cocktails.  Service really great and staff so friendly and helpful.  Will be back every year for this amazing Hotel.

Séjour exceptionnel au JW Marriott Hotel Marina.
Un rapport qualité-prix vraiment remarquable pour un établissement de ce standing, où tout est pensé dans le détail. L’hôtel est superbe, impeccablement tenu, et le service est au niveau des plus grandes maisons.

La partie conciergerie est irréprochable (un grand merci à Santosh, toujours disponible, attentif et d’une efficacité exemplaire tout au long du séjour), le service d’accueil chaleureux et fluide, le Kids Club parfaitement adapté aux familles, et le restaurant JW un vrai plaisir, tant pour la qualité des plats que pour le service attentionné.

Enfin, je tiens à remercier le jeune homme d’origine algérienne, dont j’ai malheureusement oublié le prénom, qui a pris le temps de parler français avec nous et de nous assister pour les bagages et les réservations d’activités. Une personne remarquable, d’une gentillesse et d’un professionnalisme rares.

En résumé, un séjour parfait, porté par une équipe engagée et bienveillante. Nous reviendrons sans hésiter.

Good

Nice and chill area. Amazing juices and steam at Harbour.

I like having dinner sometimes at the Harbour
lounge and look at the nice view 🩵

Strategic location- connected to mall, surrounded by restaurants qnd everything is walking distance away

Wonderful 👍✌️👌💯

Everything was perfect

Overall nice hotel a bit expensive but the service and the assistance offered in not a 5 star hotel definitely ….There’s a lot of delay in many aspects

We have been staying at the JW Marriott Marina Dubai for almost a week. It has been a wonderful experience in everyway! The best part is that the beds are amazing. We really always need a good mattress when traveling! The service is impeccable especially the Room Keeper who made sure we always had exactly what we needed when ever we requested it. His name is Vaynush. He is respectful, responsive, hardworking, and leaves our room so fresh and clean. We really appreciate that kind of service at our stays. Thank you Vaynush.

Et fantastisk hotell, glimrende fasiliteter; fine rom, god mat, men best av alt er servicen! Spesielt til Mujadiren i restauranten

Great experience 😃

Very Good

Ich hatte einen großartigen Aufenthalt in diesem Hotel! Schon beim Check-in wurde ich sehr herzlich empfangen, und das Personal war während meines gesamten Aufenthalts ausgesprochen nett. Ein riesiges Dankeschön an Kate, Elene und Mariami, ihr seid super !

Struttura eccellente, ed altrettanto la posizione,  gestita magistralmente, ma la punta di diamante di questo hotel è rappresentata dallo staff dei camerieri addetti al ristorante, tutti impareggiabili di cui non faccio l’elenco; tutti competenti, premurosi , attenti, solerti, disponibili ed affabili, hanno reso la nostra permanenza, fantastica!

Durant ma semaine d'anniversaire, l'équipe de cuisine, le chef Yamin et le personnel ont rendu mon séjour très agréable et mémorable. La cuisine est exquise et les plats préparés avec soin… un véritable voyage culinaire.

It was amazing. We had a great time while there was a Lebanese band there and we celebrated our friend bday I like the place and everything.

Удобно, красиво, почти центр города. Все рядом

Highly recommended

The condition of the room is not high as it should be for a 5 star hotel. We changed the room 3 times.

After a severe accident no explanation was given and manager on duty did not show any empathy or understanding. Which felt odd and unsafe.

Excellent hotel. Had a great stay during Oct 2025. Elite recognition is the great. Breakfast is very good. Pool and gym is excellent with sauna and jacuzzi available. The room was clean and big with a nice balcony over looking the marina. The service was excellent. All the staff from reception to housekeeping were friendly and helpful. The marina area is nice but a bit far from the downtown main attractions and takes 45mins by train. The marina mall is next and connected to hotel so everything is within reach. There is tram to circle the marina area. The main metro is 10 mins walk away. I’d stay at hotel on my next visit to Dubai

Siamo stati in questo hotel per la nostra luna di miele ed é stata una permanenza fantastica e che ricorderemo per sempre. L’hotel è davvero splendido e tutto il personale é composto da persone gentilissime e di buon cuore.|Ricordiamo con piacere Alffrin Augustine, Saharukh, Abdulnasar, Ajay, Charmaine e tutti gli altri non qui menzionati🧡

I attended the corporate party held on 17th October 2025, followed by dinner. Unfortunately, the overall event arrangements were quite disappointing. There was a severe shortage of food, and the service staff kept assuring guests that more servings were on the way, but nothing arrived.

After some time, the staff began wrapping up while many guests were still waiting, resulting in several people leaving without having dinner.

On a positive note, the valet parking staff were highly professional and managed their duties efficiently. However, the prayer area was too small to accommodate even ten people at the same time, which caused inconvenience to several guests.

I wanted to bring these points to your attention, as such issues left a poor impression on many attendees.

c.est la 2eme fois que nous venons et nous sommes à nouveau enchanté par cet hotel|Tout le personnel est au top|Un merci tout particulier a Mujahid qui nous a reconnu des qu.on est arrivé ! Avec tout le monde qu.il voit, c.est incroyable et ça nous as beaucoup touchés On était très content de le revoir. Il a tout fait pour qu.on soit très bien pendant tout le séjour et qu.on ne manque de rien|merci aussi a Abdulnasar et au monsieur qui parle français a l'entrée de l'hôtel et qui nous as bien aidé |merci au personnel de cuisine, du ménage... merci a tous vous faites tout pour nous rendre les vacances parfaites et c.est réussi !

c.est la 2eme fois que nous venons dans cet hôtel a la même période. Inutile de vous préciser qu.il nous plaît a tout point de vue ! Et le personnel est vraiment sympa, professionnel, enfin d.une grande gentillesse et ils font tout pour nous rendre le séjour le plus parfait possible
Un merci tout particulier a Mujahid qui nous a reconnu dès que nous sommes arrivés et pourtant il voit beaucoup de monde !! Il a encore etait au petit soin pour nous. merci aussi a un employé qui parlait français et qui nous a bien aidé ! et merci aussi a Abdulnasar
Un personnel au top, merci aussi au personnel de la cuisine, du ménage...enfin a tout l.hotel, vous êtes tous super

L'Hotel gode di una posizione fantasica, il mangiare é variegato e ottimo, la pulizia regna sovrana. Look elegante e lussuoso allo stesso tempo. É intregrato al Dubai marina mall dove si affaccia su una stupenda ciclovia marina. Un ringraziamento per l'accoglienza a Miran e per la pulizia impeccabile ad Ajai;  tutto lo staff in ogni caso é stato disponibile, competete e gentilissimo. In conclusione una scelta piú che positiva se si vuole venire a visitare Dubai e il quartiere Marina. TOP! 🫶

Valet team are very fast and good services always, very freindly customer care
Thank you for Khan TAJ and team

The overall atmosphere was excellent
from the warm welcome at check-in to the room service and facilities, including the delicious food served at JW Kitchen. Every staff member was friendly, quick to assist, and genuinely helpful. Special thanks to Mujahid & Khatuna for their outstanding service. 🙏🏼

Thank you for this wonderful experience 🤍

كل شي جميل و تجربه جميله و يستحق التجربه بس السعر عالي مره

Harika deneyim manzara çok iyi sabah kahvaltı lezzetli personellerin ilgilisi oldukça iyi ayrıca sabah kahvaltı servisi çalışanları ayrıca ilgili

Enjoyed my stay soo much! Will come back soon

My stay at the JW Marriott Marina in Dubai was absolutely exceptional, thanks to the incredible staff who truly went above and beyond in every way.

From the moment I arrived, Mr. Faraz at the front desk made me feel completely taken care of. He was extremely accommodating, attentive, and made every arrangement I could possibly need — nothing was ever too much to ask. His professionalism and kindness really set the tone for the rest of my stay.

A special shout-out also goes to Alffrin, the chef and their wonderful team. I saw them every day for lunch and dinner, and they were the most gracious, welcoming hosts. I have a serious allergy to peanuts and nuts, and Alfie personally made sure to explain which dishes were safe for me, and even spoke to the chef to ensure everything was handled carefully. That kind of attention to detail and genuine care made all the difference.

Every single member of the staff greeted me with a smile and a sincere desire to make my experience perfect. It’s rare to see such consistent excellence across an entire team — but at JW Marriott Marina, that’s exactly what you get.

Thank you to everyone there, and especially to Faraz and Alffrin, for turning my stay into something truly memorable. I can’t wait to return!

Nice atmosphere

I have booked the ballroom for two days event, I had amazing welcoming, and great food, we have booked over 70 rooms, for our 500 guests. Great feedback

Special thanks to chef Tanuj!

Es ist ein sehr schönes Hotel in exelenter Lage. Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und zuvorkommend. Das Personal geht auf alle Wünsche ein. Das Speisenangebot ist außerordentlich gut.

Es war mal wieder ein Traumhafter Aufenthalt in diesem Hotel. Der Service ist zudem erstklassig. |Ein besonderer Dank an Mujahid der uns jeden Morgen zum Frühstück super bedient hat. Hier kann man sich als Gast nur Wohlfühlen

Amazing hospitality, every single one of the staff goes all out to make sure we had a great stay. Kudos to everyone in JW kitchen as no matter what time we go there, the food is always good, they always remembers us and make us feel home and welcomed. Concierge also very helpful and our ride to airport was well arranged, on time and very comfortable.

Tips:
- do get the executive room as it virtually includes all meals and drinks whole day and it’s quite literally our oasis in the desert (especially after tiring local tours)
- beware that the pool is operated separately and may create some awkwardness (eg pool towels cannot bring into room, coffee from other hotel outlets cannot be brought into the pool area, daybeds may not be enough for hotel guests) but they are just minor issues and didn’t taint our amazing experience at JWM at all.

Loved my time here in September 25. The pool was just amazing. I’d go back in a heartbeat.

Beautiful and amazing

Lo recomiendo ampliamente
Atención excelente
Amabilidad de primera,sobre todo sobresale la atención de Abdullah en buffett, Bahaa supervisor de servicio de buffett, Mujahid excelente atención, Yamen en buffett y el chavo de servicio de tours excelente y super eficiente y atento , David de personal de servicio de maletas super amable.
Mariam quien nos recibió en la entrada atenta y amable.excelentes
Ubicación excelente
Eficiencia excelente,limpio y ordenado

Leaving one star for the unacceptable behavior of gym staff member, Bernard.

He demonstrated a complete lack of professionalism and basic manners in dealing with clients. He left the front desk unattended with the PTs and responded rudely when I politely inquired about a trial session before signing up for membership. The PT had already agreed, yet Bernard interrupted and behaved disrespectfully.

Such conduct is entirely unprofessional and reflects poorly on the management. I clearly told him that a simple “no” could have been said politely. His attitude and assumptions about clients are inappropriate for a service-oriented environment.

Due to his behavior, I chose to activate my Privilee membership instead of joining this gym directly. This gym lost a potential member solely because of his poor attitude.

I expect the management to take this feedback seriously and ensure proper customer service training and accountability for staff like Bernard.

hotel just next to the mall very convenient

We had the best honeymoon stay here! They treated us like royalty, every single staff member. Thank you for this memorable experience!

Das Restaurant liefert sehr gute abwechslungsreiche Küche. Der Koch Herr Sahrouk war sehr zuvorkommend. ||Auch das Fitness Center ist gut ausgestattet und zu empfehlen.||Die Lage ist sehr gut, direkt an der Marina mit Zugang zur Marina Mall

I just want to complement the exceptional ambassador of the hotel front desk Aakash, that welcomed me and my family at 2am in the morning with such incredible warmth and patience it was truly so special. The entire check in procedure he was attentive, giving us a full understanding of all the facilities of the hotel, allocating a really spectacular room and ensuring that the process was done smoothly especially at that time of the morning. He is a credit to your hotel and I will gladly stay here and tell my family and friends to stay here with the calibre of staff that is working at the hotel. Well done to all.

Meera Is good, also khatuna from the help desk helped me when i forgot some documents after i checked out.
Appreciated their efforts,responding and kindness.

It was very good stay I recommended staying here

So disappointed with this hotel and staff, booked and paid for a Deluxe triple room but nothing but a standard with a extra fold up bed!
Complained to reception but they explained they didn't have another room available and would be check tomorrow, they waited until our last night and asked us if we wanted to move!

Also the safe was broke, complained twice about that and guess what? On our last day that was fixed also.

So so disappointed with this hotel, it was so much nicer when it was "the Address" dubai marina.

Will try somewhere else next time

Dipak war außerordentlich aufmerksam und hilfsbereit. Tausend Dank für alles.|Wir kommen sehr gerne wieder. Super Hotel.

Stayed here for 4 nights , loved this hotel , comfortable , clean , nicely designed , great pool area with vibrant atmosphere and fantastic location in Dubai . The staff in this hotel are Incredibly welcoming and friendly and so professional , this is what would make me come back .. special shout out to Entesar and Elena at reception who are fantastic , also to Lenia, Mujahid and Afsal in the restaurant who were so nice and attentive ,a truly fantastic team

Çok kaliteli
Muhakkak tavsiye ederim.

It was a pleasure stay at J W Marriot Marina. The whole staff is amazing, welcoming and friendly. The reception is so helpful and attending. The restaurant staff is very professional and the quality of food is great. Many thanks to Ahmed- the Manager- for paying a close eye to guests’ concerns or requests.

I had a wonderful stay at JW Marriott Marina Hotel. From the moment I arrived, the service was excellent. A special mention to Ellyce at the reception, who was extremely helpful, professional, and welcoming, she really made the check-in experience smooth and pleasant.

The overall stay was very comfortable. All the staff were friendly and attentive, and the breakfast team, including the chefs, were very accommodating and welcoming, making mornings a delight. The hotel has a beautiful view of the marina, and the location is perfect, just a short walk to the mall, which is very convenient.

The room was cozy, clean, and well-equipped, making the whole experience very relaxing. Definitely a place I’d recommend and would love to return to.

Special thanks for Mrs. Miran nice support and services

Great location! Great views… nice place to get the dubai vibes

L'acceuil et le service de l'hôtel est parfait. |NITYA she is thé best welcoming us héros smile is Nice qnd she is respectueux

J'ai passé des meilleurs moments ici à Marriot hôtel Marina,  avec un accueil admirable de nitya qui œuvre  à  réception. Alfrin

Nos alojamos del 19/21 de septiembre
Nos hicieron una mejora en la habitación
Pero la historia es que el
Ruido del
Cuarto de baño de la habitación 1011 era tremendo y no rebajaba dormir
El baño tenía bañera ,pero era imposible usar ya que el
Baño
Olía
Muy muy mal …. La ubicación es buena .tambien deseo compartir que encontré un teléfono móvil y lo devolví al
Recepcionistas y cuando entregue me dio la
Sensación de que no tenían intención de devolverlo
Volvería ? Yo creo que no

The hotel is very nice. The fitness club is awesome. Specially the coach Uthman and Princess. I will miss them so much. Why? They are so kind, very professional and good personality. When i come back again, i will choose this hotel and this fitness club because of them.

Acudimos a este hotel recomendado por un amigo nuestro y la decisión fue totalmente acertada. El hotel tiene unas grandes instalaciones, un lobby muy amplio, acceso directo al Marina Mall, zona de SPA, gimnasio, piscina, etc.||Desde el mismo momento que llegas ya recibes una magnífica atención con los empleados que esperan en la zona de llegada de vehículos. Una vez dentro la atención de la gente de recepción es genial y muy atenta. Te soluciona todas tus dudas y se esfuerzan por comunicarse correctamente (mi inglés no es muy bueno).||Las habitaciones (Executive Club Level) tienen un tamaño bueno, con un baño con ventana panorámica a la marina que es una gozada. La limpieza diaria es muy buena y además la hacen muy rápido, no toca esperar como a veces ocurre en otros hoteles.||Finalmente el apartado de la comida. En el restaurante JW Kitchen que es donde hemos desayuna, comido y cenado, hemos sido atendidos a la perfección. El restaurante es tipo buffet y tiene una gran variedad de platos con secciones variadas como zona de ensaladas, zumos, pan, quesos, platos árabes, indios, internacionales, etc y una buena zona de postres. Cada día iban variando los platos.||Cabe destacar la atención de todo el personal del JW Kitchen; fue magnífico. Perfectamente atendidos por todo el personal y destacando la atención del Sr Alffrin que creo era el jefe de sala. Tuvimos gracias a ellos una magnífica experiencia.||Sin duda, si volvemos a la zona de la Marina en Dubai, no dudaremos en volver a este hotel.

Nous avons passé un excellent séjour dans cet hôtel, tout s’est très bien déroulé du début à la fin. L’accueil, les services et l’ambiance étaient vraiment au rendez-vous.|Un mot spécial pour Mary du kids club : elle a été absolument formidable avec les enfants ! Toujours souriante, attentionnée et pleine d’énergie, elle a su rendre leur séjour inoubliable. Merci à elle pour sa gentillesse et son professionnalisme.|Nous recommandons vivement cet hôtel et nous reviendrons avec plaisir.

Very disappointed by the staff and the quality of the rooms.

Unfortunately the hotel didn’t matched our expectations as despite of a room upgrade at our arrival there’s was a bad smell coming from the shower and we could hear all night the wc of the neighbours.

Regarding the front desk staff, here comes the worst part. Once I did the check in they told me that the room was already paid and I just needed to pay for breakfast. However, the day of the check out (at 4am in the morning) they told me that i had to make the payment.
I didn’t received any email or communication from their side during the night in order to get informed.
Once I asked them why, they didn’t showed to me anything and just claimed the amount threatening me and my friend to call the local police. Clearly we were not going to leave without paying but at least we wanted a clear proof of the issue that happened.

I have never seen such a bad service in a hotel and also a lack of understanding.

I highly don’t recommend to any professionnel person traveling for investment or business to stay there.

My stay at the hotel was fantastic. A special thank you goes to Helena, Nora, and the manager Khatuna, who were extremely welcoming and always ready to assist with anything I needed. The suite with a city view was very comfortable, clean, and had a relaxing atmosphere. The housekeeping staff were attentive and polite, keeping the room always tidy. Overall, the service was excellent and it was clear that the guest was always the top priority.

It was the greatest experience in that Hostal.

Our stay at JW Marriott Dubai Marina was absolutely wonderful. The hotel is excellent in every detail, but what truly made our experience special was the outstanding service from Elena and Nora. They were professional, friendly, and always ready to help – thanks to them, we felt right at home. We are extremely satisfied and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for an unforgettable stay in Dubai Marina...🇦🇱🇦🇪

J’ai passé un excellent séjour au JW Marriott Marina Dubai. L’hôtel se distingue par une propreté irréprochable, un service de grande qualité et un personnel toujours efficace et attentif.||Je tiens particulièrement à remercier Intissar à l’accueil, qui a fait preuve d’un grand professionnalisme et d’une remarquable gentillesse, ainsi que Myriam, dont l’accompagnement a été tout simplement parfait. Leur sens de l’hospitalité a grandement contribué à rendre mon expérience inoubliable.||Un établissement que je recommande vivement, où l’on se sent véritablement pris en charge avec soin et attention.

J’ai passé un excellent séjour au JW Marriott Marina Dubai. L’hôtel est idéalement placé, directement connecté à un grand mall, ce qui rend le séjour encore plus pratique et agréable.

La propreté est irréprochable, le service d’une grande qualité et le personnel toujours efficace et attentif. Je souhaite remercier particulièrement Intissar à l’accueil, pour son professionnalisme et sa disponibilité, ainsi que Myriam a l entrée, qui ont été absolument parfaite tout au long de mon séjour.

Un établissement remarquable que je recommande vivement, tant pour son emplacement que pour la qualité exceptionnelle de l’accueil et des services.

من احلى الفنادق الي زرتها في دبي ملاصق للمارينا وممشى المارينا كل مطاعم وكافيهات والغرف رووعه ونظيفه واطلالتها رووعه والموظفين خدومين جدا وهدوء مافي ازعاج انصح فيه

من أفضل الفنادق التي زرتها

Voyage en famille par Voyage Privé
“Séjour inoubliable au JW Marriott Marina Dubaï – Merci à toute l’équipe !”

📝 Avis :
J’ai passé un séjour absolument magnifique au JW Marriott Marina à Dubaï. Dès notre arrivée, nous avons été accueillis chaleureusement par le personnel de la réception, en particulier ‘’Kate’’, qui a rendu notre arrivée ainsi que le départ très agréable et fluide .
Les personnels au restaurant sont sympathiques et nous rendent service inoubliables ‘’AFSAL’’ ALFFRIN’’ABDULNASAR’’ etc…
Merci spécialement au conciergerie ‘’AL AMIN’’ nous rendre service exceptionnellement pour résoudre le problème rebooking pour le vol d’annuler.
La chambre était spacieuse, impeccable et offrait une vue spectaculaire sur la Marina. Chaque jour, le service d’entretien a été parfait et très attentionné. Le petit-déjeuner est un vrai régal avec une grande variété de plats frais et savoureux.
Tout au long du séjour, chaque membre du personnel a été professionnel, souriant et extrêmement serviable. Que ce soit à la conciergerie, au restaurant, au spa ou à la piscine, nous avons été traités avec beaucoup de gentillesse et de considération.
L’ambiance de l’hôtel, le confort, le design et la propreté rendent l’expérience unique et très relaxante. Nous avons vraiment senti que notre séjour était spécial grâce à l’attention portée aux détails.
Je recommande sans hésitation le JW Marriott Marina à tous ceux qui souhaitent un séjour exceptionnel à Dubaï. Un grand merci à toute l’équipe pour ces moments inoubliables – vous méritez toutes les félicitations !

Loading bay is from shiekh zayed road P2

Perfect

Excellent Venue

JWマリオット・ホテル・マリーナにおけるデポジットとアップグレードに関するお問い合わせ

JWマリオット・ホテル・マリーナ チーム

マリオット・ボンヴォイ・ゴールドエリート会員として、先日貴ホテルにご宿泊いただいた件についてご連絡いたします。

まず、ゴールドエリート会員は空室状況に応じて無料アップグレードが受けられると承知していたにもかかわらず、有料での客室アップグレードしか提案されなかったことに驚き、残念に思います。貴ホテルにおけるゴールドエリート会員向けのアップグレードポリシーについてご説明いただけますでしょうか。

次に、宿泊料金を全額前払いしていたにもかかわらず、チェックイン時に2,500AEDのデポジットの支払いを求められました。他のマリオットホテルでの経験から、デポジットは通常1泊あたり500～1,000AED程度です。なぜ私のケースでこれほど高額のデポジットが求められたのか、また、これはすべての宿泊客に適用される標準的なポリシーなのかをご説明いただけますでしょうか。

マリオットが全施設において一貫性と透明性のあるサービスを提供するというコミットメントを高く評価しておりますので、これらの点についてご説明いただければ幸いです。

ご清聴ありがとうございました。ご返信をお待ちしております。

I love the facility at JW - such amazing staff who are always willing to help, a special shout out to Princess who is always welcoming me with a smile at the gym, keeping everything neat and tidy 😃!! I love the place and happy to be training there with the TOD team 🙌🏾🙌🏾

Very convenient by Marina Mall.

تجربة  رائعة  وزادت روعة التجربة تعامل موظفة الاستقبال الاستاذة ميران  بتعاملها الراقي

جيد

Fantastic experience to attend seminar in the big hall

I have stayed over 10 days in this hotel and me as well as my family had a fantastic stay. Everything was perfect and I specially want to acknowledge Mr. Luke for his amazing services since day one till the last day. We can’t wait to see you next.

E va mycket bra hitche, tilome så di parkera bilin åt en.

Nous avons passé un très bon séjour dans cet hôtel fin août.
Le personnel a été adorable ( mention spéciale à Ayoub)  et toujours aux petits soins, que ce soit au restaurant ou pour l’entretien de la chambre.
La chambre était spacieuse, très confortable, et l’hôtel est idéalement situé avec un accès direct au Marina Mall.

Nous avons très bien mangé : les buffets sont variés, de grande qualité et la pension complète offre un vrai confort avec un excellent rapport qualité-prix.
La piscine est propre et agréable, même si le service au bord pourrait être un peu amélioré (pas d’aide pour les transats ni de proposition de boissons).

Dans l’ensemble, un très bon séjour et je recommande vivement cet hôtel.

I didn’t stay at the hotel, but I had two meetings in the lobby. It was very comfortable and the staff were welcoming.

Отличное место

Beautiful hotel at great location

Basen Infinity bajka i widok super sprawa 🌴🌴🌴🌞

We hosted our wedding reception at JW Marriott Marina Dubai on 28th August 2025, and the experience was absolutely amazing. It was a last-minute venue change, and since we were in Dubai for a wedding, we hardly knew anything about arranging an event here. But Bilal, our event manager, was incredibly cooperative, professional, and efficient, arranging everything exactly as per our needs in just 12 hours—from food, decor, and liquor to every little detail.

The venue itself is stunning, with elegant decor and spacious arrangements that made our celebration feel both grand and intimate. A special shoutout to Chef Tanuj and his team, including Lucky Mateen and many others, who did an exceptional job with the catering. The food was absolutely delicious, and every guest praised it! Also, Sandeep from F&B went above and beyond to ensure everything ran smoothly and efficiently.

The entire JW Marriott Marina team made us feel welcomed, cared for, and completely stress-free. Their dedication, flexibility, and attention to detail turned what could have been a stressful last-minute change into a memorable and flawless celebration. From start to finish, everyone went out of their way to make us feel special and ensured that every guest had a wonderful experience.

I would highly recommend JW Marriott Marina Dubai to anyone planning a wedding or special event in Dubai—especially with such an amazing team led by Bilal, Chef Tanuj, Sandeep, Lucky Mateen, and the rest of the staff. They truly make every celebration unforgettable!

Hello, thank you for the excellent service of your hotel and I would like to thank one of your very good employees, Mr. Javad, a very, very good guy, and her service for food and hospitality and her speed of action were excellent.

They have a nice & clean gym with ample equipments. Friendly staff too, special mention to Princess for the always warm welcome, and coach Dee for the generous workout tips

Unfortunately, it was the worst experience I've ever seen. I've been waiting for the security deposit for 2 months. I still have not received money. The company clearly shows a terrible approach to their clients, especially when it comes to giving back money. If you want to stay here, I will never recommend that you have any dealings with this company.

Over the past one and a half years, I have been a recurring guest at your hotel, as we regularly bring business here.

However, I must take a moment to highlight one individual who, in my opinion, exemplifies the very essence of exceptional hospitality Mr. Mohammed Afzal from the JW Kitchen.

In all my visits, I have rarely come across a gentleman as professional, courteous, and genuinely dedicated to guest experience as Mr. Afzal. His attention to detail, warmth in service, and unwavering commitment to ensuring guests feel valued truly set him apart. He goes above and beyond in creating an atmosphere where one not only feels welcomed but also deeply appreciated.

I strongly believe his efforts and impact deserve greater recognition, and I would highly recommend the management and decision makers to consider him for promotion to a much higher level. His qualities, work ethic, and contribution bring immense value not only to JW Kitchen but also to the overall reputation of the hotel.

Mr. Afzal is a true asset, and acknowledging his dedication would not only reward his remarkable service but also inspire others to follow the same standard of excellence.

هادي و قريب المول

The hotel is nice, but the man working at the reception on the G floor is rude and impolite. It paints a really bad picture of the property.

ماحبيته وايد الحمام كان فيه ريحه مجاري والفندق قديم جدا يحتاج تجديد الحمامات بالذات

Perfect

Beautiful place to stay and clean environment

All american bar ed anche alla reception prima , ed ho chiesto, dicono che puoi usare i punti nariott. Poi quando c e da pagare con delle scuse non te li fanno usare

Very  bad for gold elite

Comfortable, clean and great location with access to the mall - rooms are good but starting to feel old for a JW style.

Good

Un séjour absolument parfait au Marriott Marina ! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Dès l’arrivée, l’accueil a été chaleureux et professionnel. Les voituriers sont d’une grande gentillesse, toujours souriants et extrêmement rapides pour prendre en charge la voiture, ce qui met immédiatement à l’aise.

Le service est irréprochable dans tout l’hôtel. Chaque membre du personnel est attentif, disponible et d’un professionnalisme remarquable. On sent vraiment qu’ils ont à cœur de rendre le séjour inoubliable.

Que ce soit les équipes de la réception, du restaurant ou du service en chambre, tout le monde est d’une courtoisie et d’une efficacité exemplaires.

En résumé : tout était extraordinaire, du début à la fin. Un hôtel qui mérite largement ses 5 étoiles et que je recommande sans hésitation. Je reviendrai avec grand plaisir !

Wir haben die Zeit im JW Marriott sehr genossen. Besonders hervorheben möchten wir die Freundlichkeit von Alffrin und Nasir und sein Team. Alles war bestens. Vom room Service bis zum Essen und darüberhinaus.

I stayed at JW Marriott Dubai Marina before and overall it was a good experience — polite front desk staff, good location, and decent breakfast. However, if your room faces the pool, forget about daytime rest — the music is extremely loud.

This time (21–23 Aug 2025, Marina Deluxe Room) was very disappointing. I requested cleaning at 11:15 AM, was away for nearly 5 hours, and returned to find housekeeping still in progress. Even worse, a staff member entered the room without permission while my wife and I were inside, simply said “sorry,” and left. That is a serious violation of privacy and absolutely unacceptable for a 5-star hotel.

At night, cigarette smoke came into the room through the AC. The hotel didn’t manage to fix it.

Unfortunately, these issues overshadowed the positives. I expected a much higher level of service and professionalism from JW Marriott.

Disclaimer: this review describes my personal experience only.

I would like to start by pointing out that I stayed in this hotel before under different name Address Dubai Marina and we were frequent guests for Saturday brunch as well as the pub.
This time I have my mother in law and my husband and we planned to show her Dubai and chose this hotel for many reasons: we know it, location is good, mall attached, very convenient. As a Marriot Bonvoy member I found perfect deal for residents with early 12 pm check in and late check out 4 pm given us extra time which sounded all nice.
But once we arrived at the hotel not only rooms were not ready, they didn’t have the correct rooms. In the end by 1 pm we checked in the wrong room and they said they will give us the right room later in the afternoon. We had to call around 4 pm asking about room , and it took more time because room wasn’t ready for us. In the end we moved to a room we initially booked.
Since then I didn’t hear from them and as a Marriott bonvoy member I’m disappointed not only by situation but lack of any personal touch to our stay so far.
We were planning to come for brunch this Saturday but now I’m thinking is it worth it

Amazing

Very bad staff

Staying at this hotel has been an exceptional experience from start to finish. The service has been outstanding every single day, and the staff truly go above and beyond to make you feel comfortable and ensure you have the best possible stay.

A special mention to Yogesh, Gabriela, and Star, who have been absolutely amazing. They not only handled all my questions promptly and effectively but also took the time to check in on me and my family, making sure everything was perfect. Their kindness and dedication really made a difference in our stay.

I haven’t encountered a single problem during my time here, which is a testament to how well the hotel is run. I highly recommend this hotel and look forward to returning in the future.

Google maps takes you to a roundabout with no road signs. You have to ask around to find out where JW M is. There should be some signage, or even a name of JW M at the location where Google maps takes you. Or update Google maps so that it takes you to the proper entrance of the hotel.

5-Star Rating Doesn’t Match the Experience — Disappointed Overall

I stayed 15 days and was kindly upgraded to a suite, which I appreciated. However, the room cleaning was inadequate and fell far below the standards expected at a 5-star hotel. Despite reporting the issues multiple times, including the wardrobe never being cleaned and the balcony being left dirty with bird droppings and an unclean ashtray, no corrective action was taken, leading me to lose faith in resolution. Additionally, there was a persistent and disturbing noise from the bathroom ventilation, also reported but ignored. At the hotel entrance, staff frequently neglected to acknowledge guests or offer a warm welcome, which contrasts sharply with my experiences at other 5-star hotels in Dubai. On a positive note, the dining staff were consistently professional and attentive. Overall, I left the hotel deeply disappointed.

The dining staff were wonderful and attentive, providing excellent service. The room also offered a beautiful view of the marina

جميل

The JW Marriott Hotel Marina offers a luxurious experience with stunning views. It provides a comfortable and elegant stay for all its guests, ensuring top-tier service. You can enjoy a variety of amenities, from fine dining to relaxing spa treatments. The hotel's location is ideal for exploring the city's attractions and entertainment. This destination is a great choice for both leisure and business travelers seeking quality.

Attended a corporate event at JW Marriott Hotel Marina and was truly impressed. The venue is elegant with stunning marina views, and the event facilities were top-class. Staff were professional, attentive, and ensured everything ran smoothly. The catering was excellent, with a wide variety of delicious options. The location is perfect, with easy access and plenty of nearby attractions. Highly recommended for both corporate and leisure stays

The staff and the management are so rude and not compromised

Nice

فندق كان  راااااائع من عدة سنوات ..
كان من الفنادق المفضلة لدي لكن آخر زيارة قررت ماعاد ارجعله ثاني ابدا  . الخدمة بطيئة جدا جدا ..المفارش وارواب الحمام غير نظيفة الكهرباء لاتصل لجميع مخارج الأفياش التكيف غير مرضي . وبعض الأشخاص ف الاستقبال متعجرفين  وشايفين نفسهم
موقعه رائع والافطار عندهم ممتاز

The service is top-quality service and the view from the bedrooms is incredible with big windows that let in lots of natural light

The staff is very polite and always ready to help, and the location is perfect close to the beach, and the Marina Mall

Good location
Perfect service
Has a direct access to the Marina Mall ..

Beautiful hotel and I enjoyed my stay! It’s a great location for summer as it’s connected to the Marina mall so it’s convenient to stroll around. The staff was super friendly. They have a fantastic pool overlooking the Marina.

Всегда здесь останавливаемся. Отличный вежливый и внимательный персонал, который знает твои предпочтения! |Excellent and polite staff. Special respect to our waiter Mujahid.👍👍👍

wonderful

Dubai Marina mall

Excellent service received from the staff

ممتاز واطلاله جميله

Very bad service security are very rood behaviour he don't how to talk for people why you guys are providing like this customer services

Rest and relaxation, five-star service.
I highly recommend it.

Absolute luxury. Miss it already. Breakfast was spectacular.

✨ JW Marriott Hotel Marina ✨
Un vrai bijou à Dubaï ! 🌟 Accueil chaleureux, personnel professionnel et attentif. Chambres luxueuses avec une vue imprenable sur la marina 🌊. Propreté irréprochable, literie ultra confortable 🛌. Petit déjeuner varié et délicieux 🍽️. Piscine magnifique et ambiance relaxante 😎. Une expérience 5⭐ mémorable que je recommande vivement 😊.

فندق فخم قليله فية
موقعه جمييل بتواجد مول النارينا اسفله
الافطار في الفندق عالمي ومتعدد ومتنوع
هدوء الغرف والممرات
انصح بالاقامة فيه
واتمنى اوقات اجازاتهم الرسمية خفض اصوات الموسيقى عند المسبح

اجمل مكان تقدر تاخذ عائلتك فيه ، فيه من الروعة والجمال والتميّز بكل شي خدماته سريعة ومميزة من الاستقبال وحتى المغادرة وبالأخص موظفين الاستقبال روعة وسرعة ولباقة وشكراً وبالأخص الاخ عادل  ، بصراحة تجربة لازم نكررها ، شكراً

Hotel is much older and gone through a refurbish which looks great. Only issue I faced was the ac in room 829 was not getting cold and sleep was disturbed because temp wouldn't get to a constant. Didnt get to enjoy the pool and other faculties. Location is amazing. Kate at front desk was very helpful upon check in. Although a good location I will not return as the air con system seems old and also I get disturbed hearing other room doors opening and closing.

Ultimate dream place

This is Shubham Goyal, India this side. I had booked two rooms in your property from August 2 till August 4.
I am apologetically very very disappointed with the services rendered at your property. This is my second stay here. Earlier the hotel was under Address, Marina.

Chief complaints:
1. I had asked for a parantha in the morning and it was served  frozen chilled.
2. ⁠ I had ordered Masala Dosa which wasn’t served on the breakfast table for 15 minutes.
3. ⁠Upon special request, ordered a Bombay sandwich, but no one bothered to serve.

This is so unfair from the clients’ view who is paying a fairly good amount of money for the breakfast and this is what you are serving.
Services a big zero.
Client satisfaction level a very big zero.

Won’t ever recommend this to anyone.

Sehr schön , komme gern wieder

This hotel was beginning to be good experience but was ultimately ruined by a member of staff.

We had stayed at this hotel for 5 nights already, and were due to check out, but instead we extended for another 4 nights. During this process, our key cards stopped working and needed renewing, but Nora refused us entry to our rooms until my boyfriend returned from the gym and paid for the additional 4 nights. I understand the need to pre payment but all our belongings were still in our room and we had already stayed 5 nights. It's like all the customer loyalty went out the window. They really made us feel unwelcome, which is the total opposite of how a hotel should treat clients, especially ones who have already stayed (and obviously paid) for 5 nights.
I also mentioned to her the day before room cleaning wasn’t done we arrived at 6:30 pm and she didn’t do anything about it. Aside from Nora's customer service, the hotel was nice.  Although i would struggle to recommend this hotel vs others when it comes to making guests feel welcome.

Everything was absolutely amazing, made even more memorable by the incredible staff. I’d especially like to thank Achraf, Gulaym, Ayoub, Al Amin, and Khatuna for their exceptional hospitality — you truly made my stay unforgettable.

Great location attached to Marina Mall and good location without getting stuck in JBR traffic. Unfortunately this hotel used to be a lot better before they transformed the lovely infinity pool into a beach club a few years back. No longer a chilled environment, especially for families. Therefore, will not be returning to stay at this hotel.

Staff members were nice but overall service is very slow especially valet service. It took them almost an hour to get my car!

Chandraiah supervisor and Dini sandre team are so professional, we are very happy

I stayed in this hotel multiple times. Specially this trip I stayed for a week. In day 1, due to political situation, there were very less number of hotel guests and there was even lesser number of Indian guests so the food options in their Laventera buffet was not very ethicized and frankly it was a disappointment on my Day1. I made a complained and the Executive Chef immediately took action and connected me with Chef Jeevan Viswakarma. Jeevan took care of my food requirements so well that he asked my choices in a daily basis and served me Indian food choices. He is a great Indian food chef and very humble demeanor. Ashwani also is a chef in the kitchen and between both of them, I was highly satisfied for my food requirements. Would recommend anyone staying here to ask for Indian menu options if you prefer and you will be taken care of so well.

Love the food chef Mayank surprised us with a nice gesture....my husband need to eat jelly daily since he has nee problem....ask once didn't expect next day he prepared one and the next day tell the last day of our stay thank chaff thanks Marriott christen Sue and the rest of the crew
The Mayami team especially Belal nice and helpful

Chef Krishan has been absolutely amazing! Incredible food and service. Always great help. Appreciate assistance.

Chef Krishan at Marriott made the whole experience feel truly special. The food was exceptional — beautifully presented, fresh, and full of flavor. But what stood out the most was his personal attention to guests and genuine passion for what he does. You can really feel the care and professionalism behind every detail. Thank you for such a warm and memorable experience. Looking forward to coming back again.

Chef Krishan

Overall Impression: Chef Krishan elevates the dining experience with a clear passion for fresh ingredients and innovative flavour combinations.

Each dish was meticulously prepared and beautifully presented. They was a standout, with perfectly balanced flavors and a delightful texture. The ingredients were clearly of high quality, contributing to an overall exceptional taste.

The menu offered a diverse range of options, catering to various palates while still showcasing the chef's unique culinary vision. There were several vegetarian options as well.

Chef Krishan was visible in the dining area, interacting with guests and ensuring satisfaction. The kitchen staff clearly worked efficiently to deliver each dish promptly.

The restaurant's ambiance was elegant and inviting, complementing the high standard of the food.

Considering the quality of the ingredients, the skill in preparation, and the overall dining experience, the prices were reasonable.

Absolutely! I highly recommend dining at Marritot experience Chef Krishan culinary talents. Chef Krishan is a true asset to the Marriott, and I look forward to seeing what innovative dishes they create in the future.
Best regard Nageena Sonya Hussain and Sajid Hussain

Excellent service across the board. Highly recommend Above 11 restaurant and Bal Harbor beach where Zubai couldn’t do enough for us. Thank you

Paul at the reception was very helpful and supportive. Great service.

We really enjoyed the breakfast yoday with them and Chef Krishan is really helpful and served much better . Good luck for everyone .

Chef Krishan was great and hospital ! He went out of his way to provide excellent and customized service

I had an amazing experience at the hotel.Paul at the reception, was exceptionally helpful with arranging a comfortable and relaxing stay and directing me to the various amenities that the hotel has to offer as well as beach access.

The restaurants that I tried at the hotel had excellent food and service: Cucina, Smoki Moto, Levantera and Gelateria.

I loved the room too, having a balcony view to watch the sunset, while the bed and pillows were perfect for resting and rejuvenating.

Thank you to the hotel and staff for an amazing stay experience.

Standard hotel room but with beautiful seaview. Friendly and accommodating staffs. Sumptuous breakfast. Chef Jevan stood out the most. Location is excellent. An indoor strip mall is just across the road. Pleasant experience, all in all.

Chef Krishan was amazing and took such great care of us during our holiday at Marriott. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality!

Entire staff v good. Chef Krishan did a wonderful job !! Thank you. Really took great care of us. Consistently and with a lot of care. Is v much appreciated. Made it special.

Great hotel from different perspectives. It’s clean, I’m happy they let me park my own car in their basement, the cleaning staff were attentive and nice. Location wise it’s great because you have access to the West Palm Beach promenade which has different restaurants and beach clubs.

Chef Krishan at Marriot resort hotel dubai went above and beyond with the service and taste of the food. Nothing was never difficult for him and most importantly always smiling and be welcoming

What an experience with the food at Marriott resort. I met a chef named Krishan who made the most wonderful food I have tried anywhere in the world.

The team made our entire UAE trip an absolutely unforgettable experience.

Nothing was too difficult and throughout the day the entire team knew us by name and were always willing to assist, provide recommendations for tours, sightseeing, places to eat and even good food to order. Beach and Pool experiences were the same.

The entire team pictured below understand what it means to deliver true customer service. Security services were top notch. Restaurant service and hospitality second to none.

Even amidst difficult guests who were often unreasonable and aggressive, the entire team maintained composure and professionalism.
Ayesh, Khalim, Keagan, Min, Paul, Sue, Tolhohem, Dinuka, (Tamfon and Santosh not pictured)

We will definitely return and highly recommend the property not because it is a Marriot property with 5-star amenities, facilities and furnishings but because of the the people who made the experience truly 5-Star.

Happy to be here. Everything was amazing. Specially for the breakfast I am happy to wake up early and Chef Krishan always makes the best breakfast ever. Thanks to the team 🫶

We had a wonderful breakfast experience at Marriott Palm Jumeirah, and a big part of that was thanks to Jeevan. He truly went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect for us. His attention to detail, kindness, and genuine effort to ensure we enjoyed our meal did not go unnoticed.

Exceptional service like his makes a difference and turns a good breakfast into a memorable experience. Thank you, Jeevan, for your hospitality and for taking such great care of us. Marriott is fortunate to have team members like you.

Stayed at the Marriott for 7 nights while on a business trip and from start to finish the experience was amazing. The staff could not do enough!
Their attention to detail when making the rooms , the friendliness of all the waitresses in the restaurants, the front of house accommodating my late check out needs, the list goes on.

Special mention to Christine and Faith who always had a smile on their face and made me extremely welcome . But that also goes for all the staff!
The Marriott exceeded my expectations and they will certainly be seeing me again :) Thankyou

Mixed experience, good value but manage expectations

We stayed here for a weekend (special occasion), and while the rates are currently very reasonable for the Palm, I would recommend managing expectations.

There were a few service gaps throughout our stay. As a Bonvoy Gold member, benefits like room upgrades were not proactively offered, and overall service felt inconsistent (including no follow-up after raising an issue with our first room, which had a strong cigarette smell and visible damage).

Dining was also mixed—Cucina was excellent and a clear highlight, but room service was disappointing and not good value for the price.

The pool area was very crowded, particularly with families, which made it less relaxing than expected. This may be fine if you’re visiting with children, but less ideal for a quiet getaway.

It’s also worth noting that most rooms are connecting (we were told around 99%), so if you prefer more privacy or a completely separate room, this may be difficult to guarantee.

Overall, the hotel has potential and the pricing is attractive, but it currently doesn’t deliver the level of experience you might expect from a Marriott resort.

Chef Krishan was extremely kind and attentive during our breakfasts at levantara restaurant.
He personally offered to prepare a special breakfast menu for my sister and me, which we truly appreciated.
He had a thoughtful gesture and warm attitude that made us feel very welcomed and cared for.
He went above and beyond with his service and showed genuine hospitality.
Thank you for such an excellent and memorable experience.

Thank you so much for the lovely breakfast experience. Special thanks to Chef Krishan at Levantara Restaurant,  he made the best crème brûlée, absolutely delicious. But even more than that, his kindness and positive attitude were truly the best. Really appreciated the warm hospitality and care.

We spent a wonderful month in this hotel
The staff is extremely kind
Great job by the cleaning team (Chandraiah Dilini and Sandra), the Leventara team, and the Lobby lounge staff (especially Kasuni!).

Amazing hotel&breakfast very nice
Chef krishan & chef tolghan

The rooms are clean and spacious, and the food was fresh and delicious. What made our stay even more amazing was that the hotel is pet-friendly, which made the experience truly wonderful for us. I highly recommend it, especially considering the great value for the price paid.

Lovely stay at Marriott Hotel! Buffet was great and Chef Krishan was very nice and welcoming and genuine about making guests happy. Cant wait to be back!

Amazing service. Chef Krishan was great, very fast service and tasty food.

AbulRachman had assisted us with the best Breakfast service.

Great stay ! Great experience. Chef Dinuka at Levantera made our meals very special.

Thanks to Chef Abdelrahman for supporting during Breakfast

Chambre confortable, spacieuse, l’emplacement de l’hôtel est idéal. Gros point positif, l’établissement est pets friendly. Le restaurant de l’hôtel le Levantera est excellent, le buffet du soir est copieux et très qualitatif. Que dire du petit déjeuner, il est exceptionnel, tout est frais, un grand merci au chef Krishan pour ses petites attentions quotidiennes pour ma fille de 9ans. Nous avons séjourné 2 semaines et reviendrons avec grand plaisir

Beautiful hotel - was really (pleasantly surprisingly) chilled and quiet (we stayed on a Friday night)
Great value. Room had a lovely view. Children enjoyed kids club!
Buffet restaurant was really special - great selection. Chef Dinuka was especially helpful catering to our children’s requests.

Health Risk! ‼️
I rarely leave negative reviews, but this experience at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah was extremely disappointing, especially from a health and safety perspective.

From the moment we arrived, it was clear the hotel was not operating at the standard expected from a top Marriott property. But this review is not due to this.

The biggest issue, was the air conditioning system. The AC was blowing out air that smelled damp and mouldy, and by the second day I became sick from constantly breathing it in. What made this even more concerning was seeing air purifiers placed throughout multiple floors of the hotel, which strongly suggests this is a known issue rather than an isolated incident. The team placed a massive/noisy air purifier wedged between my bed and the wall. Besides the noise of it, no mayor changes to the smell.

There was a complete lack of accountability or care from management. Not once did anyone call me after the repeated complaints, visits to the reception, apologise, or attempt proper conflict resolution after we raised serious health concerns. There were a few emails bouncing back and forth between me and Abigail Lear who didn’t follow up with me even after providing my number. Yes, on the final night we were moved to a suite, but that completely misses the point. I did not book this hotel hoping for compensation or upgrades. I simply wanted a comfortable, safe, and healthy stay at a premium property.

Health and safety issues related to air quality should never be ignored, especially when guests are becoming ill.

Excellent hotel and the views/facilities are great. Special thanks to Chef Krishan who makes the best omlettes.

Disappointment, breakfast experience, We ordered omelette and eggs Benedict , It took ages to arrive however on top of that no fresh juices no butter and the coffee was terrible and horrible after four trip to the counter. We still got no solution.
Well, It was not like I was expected however definitely not good to recommend others .

A while go i went there planing to eat in cucina
The guy at the parking was rude and not respectful asksing to self park the car in a bad manner,i  understand short of staff but at least put people who know how to talk to customer, i left and canceled my dinner because of this unacceptable behavior

Whilst we are still staying at the hotel for another 3 days, We wanted to give a big thumbs up and a huge thank you to Chef Krishan at Lavantera for his patience, excellent service and ability to cope under pressure. The restaurant was at capacity on Sunday 3rd May 2026 due to high occupancy and the situation in the Middle East impacting the hospitality industryChef Krishan went above and beyond to service everyone fairly and apologize repeatedly to the many inpatient patrons who refused to understand that there was a delay due to high demand. The team did their best to ensure quality of the food and service was not compromised and hence they worked as fast as they could however there were still many people who behaved unreasonably. All the hotel and restaurant team members have been amazing so far and no reasonable request has been refused. 5 stars for the hotel, the team and Chef Krishan. More feedback to follow when we check out.

"My experience with the food here was truly exceptional. The quality of the dishes was outstanding, and the flavors were balanced and harmonious. Each dish had a unique taste, and it was a rich experience in every detail. I will definitely visit again."

Great restaurant services!
Love the hotel facilities and especially the location.

Amazing experience

We stayed there for a night and our stay was short and amazing.
Right from check-in until the check-out the energy of the staff was very positive.
Few name i would like to highlight- Souradeep at the Reception, Thoon at Pool Bar, & Jino was great help in suggesting us the venues and making sure that we have a relaxing stay.
The ladies at breakfast restaurant as well did a great job, keeping their calm in busy times.
Above Eleven restaurant is a must try with some delicious cocktails and bites.

Amazing resort 😍

We came yesterday Marriott hotel in palm jumeirah …it was amazing experience..reception and management was very good ..especially Paul (reception ) was gave an unforgettable services …thank u  Marriott team

Very good experience.especially receptionist paul..

Excellent service in breakfast from and specially Chef Kishan
The best one here!!!

Beautiful hotel in Palm, but unfortunately the service is anything but. If you stay here, be prepared to deal with untrained staff and very poor service.
Breakfast was a mess after a long wait in the queue, we were given a dirty table by a rude staff member at the desk. Our egg Benedict with avocado never arrived, and even basic tea and coffee didn’t show up. The restaurant itself was unclean and poorly managed.
The same issues continued at the beach and poolorders didn’t arrive, and service was extremely slow and disorganized. The Italian restaurant was no different, with similar delays and lack of attention.
The only positive was the lobby staff, who were actually helpful and polite. Sadly, the rest of the experience was disappointing.
Overall, a “funny” hotel with “funny” service but not in a good way. Would not recommend.

Completely disappointed, worst service at Pool Breakfast

Отличная гостиница, всем буду советовать и с удовольствием вернусь. Красивые, комфортные номера, чистые пляж и бассейн, есть все необходимое. Настольный теннис особенно нас порадовал. Ежедневная уборка в номере, вежливый отзывчивый персонал (спасибо в особенности Баблу). Вкусные и полные завтраки и ужины. Рядом с отелем большой торговый центр. Отношение к постояльцам от всех членов команды безумно доброжелательное! Мы остались в восторге :)

It was a great time staying in Marriot resort the palm

Mr. Paul he is the right person in the right place in the reception full support full respect

Thank you very much for everything

Loved their choice of music

Chef Krishan the chef at the breakfast is an awesome guy, polite, smiling, accommodating, the type of guy one wants to start his breakfast with. Thank you Chef.

Had a great time at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah

A big thanks to Mandipnfrom front Office, Chef Kishan at the breakfast and Bablu for taking care of us

had a great stay at the Marriott Hotel. What really stood out was the staff — everyone was very friendly, helpful, and professional. They made me feel welcome from check-in until I left.

The hotel is also pet-friendly, which made our stay even better as we were traveling with our three dogs in a two-bedroom setup. The staff were very accommodating and made sure we were comfortable.

The team at Levantera breakfast buffet were also amazing — attentive, kind, and always ready to help.

Overall, excellent service and very welcoming staff. I would definitely come back.

Amazing staycation, rooms, pool, beach food, everything above standard.
Specially, customers service! Shirley and her team at breakfast were just amazing!
They helped us with the kids and gave us souvenirs just for staying in the hotel, thank you guys from all the family.
Thank you Shirley.

I would like to sincerely highlight the outstanding hospitality of the Front Office team and their Manager Naser. From the very first moment of arrival, the welcome felt warm, genuine, and highly professional. Every interaction was handled with grace, efficiency, and a true sense of care that made the entire stay feel effortless.

The Front Office team consistently demonstrated exceptional attention to detail. They anticipated needs before we even had to ask, handled requests promptly, and always did so with a friendly smile and positive attitude. It is clear that guest comfort and satisfaction are their top priorities.

A special appreciation goes to the Front Office Manager Naser, whose leadership is clearly reflected in the team’s performance. The manager was visible, approachable, and deeply committed to ensuring every guest felt valued and well taken care of. Their ability to lead with professionalism, kindness, and precision creates a welcoming atmosphere that truly elevates the guest experience.

This level of service turns a simple stay into a memorable one. Thank you for creating such a warm and exceptional hospitality experience. Especially Priyanka and Yaleska in the cafe were amazing. I look forward to returning and highly recommend this hotel to anyone seeking genuine service excellence.

Amazing ambiance and location.

Thank you very much Marriott Palm Jumeirah Dubai! for a wonderful stay and experience. We stayed for 1 night to celebrate my husband's birthday. We would like to thank the staff especially the following: electrician who immediately fixed  the aircon in our room, the front desk Mr Umed who assist us, and Niko who wonderfully served us in our breakfast (they have a wide selection). We truly feel welcomed and at home, making our staycation memorable. Here's the picture in our balcony and the egg benedict - yummy!

We stayed at the Marriott Hotel Palm Jumeirah with our family from April 22nd to April 26th, and while the hotel itself is beautifully designed and has great potential, our overall experience was unfortunately very mixed.

One of the most disappointing aspects was the 150 AED credit system. In our view, this concept is unnecessarily restrictive and takes away from what should be a relaxing experience. Instead of simply enjoying our meals, we found ourselves constantly calculating how much credit we had left and which menu options would fit within it—both at Cucina and the beach restaurant. This completely disrupted the feeling of a stress-free holiday. Considering that the hotel was not busy during our stay, this would have been the perfect opportunity to exceed guest expectations rather than limit services. The reasoning we were given—low occupancy—felt counterintuitive. In such situations, guest satisfaction should be the top priority.

We had booked half board specifically to relax without worrying about additional costs, and we paid the full price well in advance. Unfortunately, the services provided did not match those expectations. Several facilities were heavily restricted: the pool closes at sunset (around 7:00 PM), the beach is no longer accessible after that time, and even the lights in public areas are turned off around 10:00 PM, creating the impression that guests are being sent to bed. This significantly limited our ability to enjoy the property, especially in the evenings.

The spa operating hours (10:00 AM – 8:00 PM) were also quite inconvenient. During the day, most guests are naturally at the beach or pool, while early mornings or late evenings would be the ideal time to visit the spa—yet those options were not available due to these restrictions.

We were genuinely dissatisfied with the overall service limitations and even considered changing hotels during our stay.

However, I would like to highlight and sincerely thank several outstanding members of the staff: Tolgahan, Paul, Dinuka, and Banuka. Their professionalism, kindness, and dedication made a significant difference and ultimately convinced us to stay.

Tolgahan went above and beyond in a truly exceptional way. When my mother fell ill, he supported her with natural remedies and even coordinated with Dinuka on his day off to arrange a tailored treatment for her flu. This level of care is rare and deeply appreciated.

Paul reacted immediately when he learned about our concerns and took proactive steps to improve our experience. Throughout our stay, he provided consistent, professional support and made us feel heard and valued as guests.

Banuka was always friendly, attentive, and ensured we were well taken care of during our meals. Dinuka also played an important role behind the scenes, supporting us with genuine care and effort.

As a business owner managing several companies in Germany, I understand very well how critical the right people are for attracting and retaining customers. The individuals mentioned above are exactly the kind of employees any organization should value highly and make every effort to retain.

In conclusion, while the hotel’s design and infrastructure are impressive, the restrictive policies and limited service offering significantly impacted our experience. Without the exceptional efforts of the staff mentioned, our stay would have been far more disappointing. We are truly grateful for their commitment and support.

On recuption there is one name is Min very helpful very quick to solve any inquiry  we have.
Befor one day as well we have Mr muhamad Tarik help to find cofertble room
Kids was sooooo happy
Thanks Mariot palm to have such a good team

Great rooms good food a d great service from team Tolga

I had an excellent stay at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah. The property offers a perfect combination of luxury, comfort, and breathtaking views.
The rooms were spacious, clean, and beautifully designed, providing a very relaxing atmosphere. The staff was extremely professional, courteous, and always willing to assist, which made the stay even more enjoyable.
The food and dining experience were outstanding, with a great variety of high-quality options. The location is also ideal, offering easy access to key attractions in Dubai.
Overall, it was a memorable and excellent experience. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.

We had an excellent experience at Levantera restaurant! The service was impeccable, and we felt very well welcomed from the very beginning.

A special mention to Chef Dinuka, who does an amazing job. The food was simply spectacular!

Where do I even begin! Our first stay at Marriott Palm (17–19 April) completely won us over — and I mean that literally, because I've since made 5 additional bookings running from April through June!

A MASSIVE thanks 🙏 to Sue at the front desk, as well as the entire team across the pool, housekeeping, restaurants…etc. for making our stay so special from the moment we arrived.

The check-in experience was seamless — Sue in particular went above and beyond — and the complimentary upgrade (thanks to Marriott Bonvoy) set the tone for what turned out to be an extraordinary stay.

The room was gorgeous, the views were stunning, and the whole place just felt right — pool, housekeeping, restaurants, the lot. The kind of hotel where everything works without you having to ask twice.

So much so that I've gone and made 5 more bookings between April and June. We're staying here before and after our UK trip, and we've booked it for the kids' birthdays too. Says it all really.

If there’s any room for improvement, I would only say that 1. Staff at Breakfast (Lavantera) as well as Dinner (Cucina) over the weekends did not seem to be very used to managing large number of clients at once which can be fixed with a little bit of training & “dedication” from some. However, I still would not judge them fully as some days were better than others depending on the waiter. 2. The support staff offering juices upon check-in seemed to be offering it selectively which at the BonVoy Elite Front Desk didn’t make much sense & were not very helpful when asked if they can bring a forgotten item in the luggage. Not a big deal but can make a huge difference.

Big thanks to Sue, Paul, Oussama and the whole Marriott Palm team — you've got a regular here. Highly recommend!

Nice hotel with great staff. Paul at the front desk, and Tolgahan at Levantera were standing outs

Tologahan was really nice and helpful. He was able to help us get our coffee drinks quickly and efficiently on a busy Saturday.

It was to stay there

It was very nice

I had a coffee it was great 👍

It's was where nice

An Unforgettable Stay at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah

I had the pleasure of staying at the Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah as a guest of a generous friend, and it was truly an experience worth writing about.

The accommodation was exceptional — well-appointed, spotlessly clean, and offering stunning views that made every moment feel like a luxury escape. The room quality and comfort were everything you'd expect from a world-class resort.

The food was a highlight in its own right. Whether it was breakfast, dining at the resort restaurants, or in-room service, every meal was beautifully presented and delicious. The variety and quality consistently impressed me throughout the stay.

What truly set this resort apart, however, was the staff. From check-in to check-out, every team member was warm, professional, and genuinely attentive. They went out of their way to make guests feel welcomed and cared for — the kind of hospitality that you remember long after you've checked out.

A heartfelt thank you to my friend for making this stay possible. If you're looking for a resort on the Palm that delivers on every front — comfort, cuisine, and service — the Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah is absolutely it. Highly recommended!

Overall amazing experience from checkin talking to duty manager Al Farsi and a person who checked me in which I forgot his name I wanted to really thank him for his hospitality, during breakfast Tolgahan service was amazing he tried to help in anyway , thanks to him as well
Pool is huge and with beach front what else you want more

Ich besuchte das Cucina Restaurant und war wirklich begeistert – sowohl vom Service als auch vom Essen. Besonders das selbstgemachte Eis ist absolut empfehlenswert und definitiv ein Highlight.

In der Lobby traf ich Paul, der uns später noch kurz das Hotel zeigte und uns über aktuelle Angebote informierte. So ein freundlicher und hilfsbereiter Mitarbeiter wie Paul ist wirklich ein großer Gewinn für jedes Hotel.

Aufgrund dieser rundum positiven Erfahrung planen wir nun auf jeden Fall, unseren nächsten Urlaub im Marriott Resort zu verbringen. Absolut empfehlenswert!

It was great stay 👍 special thanks to Paul for his help

You should make a taller kids pool

We used this time the Day Pass and it was a great day although not the first time .We immediately noticed the lack of staff as food was taking 45mn to be served and orders confused ,probably after bulk of employee released following the recent crisis .But this is the real litmus test as the team demonstrated an incredible resilience and positive response trying their best to deliver a good experience and indeed it was an enjoyable one despite the challenging situation.Special thanks to Chandan who was everywhere to accommodate the needs of all customers , some less reasonable than others .I hope the management will recognise this extra mile but also restaff quickly to maintain the standard of such lovely hotel

-Супер отзывчивый персонал.
-Премиальный сервис.
-М клаб.
-Номер люкс.
-Удобный выезд с пальмы.
-Цена.
Отлель в 100 раз лучше Хилтона
-

-Супер отзывчивый персонал.
-Премиальный сервис.
-М клаб.
-Номер люкс.
-Удобный выезд с пальмы.
-Цена.
Отлель в 100 раз лучше Хилтона
-

Great stay, paul and staff where all super supportive

Отдых в отеле оставил самые лучшие впечатления!
Заселили быстро, номер дали с потрясающим видом на море
(  хотя оплачен был другой)
В отеле тихо, спокойно,  чисто
Уборка ежедневно, всё необходимое дают: халаты, тапочки, косметические принадлежности, зубные щётки
В номерах кофемашина, всё исправно пополняется
Большое спасибо клининговой службе за чистоту и порядок!
Питание вкусное, брали завтраки и ужины
Сейчас отели не заполнены, поэтому понятно,  что выбор блюд не такой большой и ужины по меню, но все вкусно, спасибо поварам и персоналу!
В отеле очень хороший бассейн и пляж, полотенца и воду можно получить при входе.
В общем всем спасибо за прекрасный отдых!
Отель однозначно рекомендую.

Very nice experience. Really appreciate the extra efforts put in by Sherlie and Tolgahan

Our entire stay was truly an exceptional experience. We visited the hotel with our family for over ten days, and despite the current geopolitical situation, the hotel managed everything remarkably well. The quality and level of service did not suffer at all under the circumstances. The entire team was consistently committed to maintaining a high level of guest satisfaction.

A special mention goes to Tolgahan in the restaurant area, who was extremely professional throughout our stay. We were treated with great care, and it was clear that both he and the entire hotel team—especially in the kitchen—were always striving to ensure our complete satisfaction.

We would definitely return at any time and can highly recommend this hotel to anyone. The direct beach access is excellent, and the pool area is very spacious and well-maintained. It is particularly ideal for families with children, as the hotel is very child-friendly, offering a large kids’ pool and a dedicated play area with slides.

Overall, I am extremely satisfied and would gladly come back again. Many thanks to the entire hotel team!

Kind regards,
Burak

Amazing job by chef dinuka and chef chamada

Restaurant for breakfast amazing, staff on point and happy to cater for all. Go above and beyond their call of duty. Thank very much CJ

We stayed for the weekend and it was such a pleasent experience.
The service and staff were making sure all the time to make it a memorable experience. The breakfast buffet had a variety and super tasty food.
We highly recommended it for a beautiful gateway

Nice hotel

Faith was a wonderful server. Thank you

I really liked this hotel. In a difficult period for Dubai, they cope with everything perfectly. However, they expected a buffet for all meals, they said about it at the reception and they offered to improve the level of the room instead, gave it a suite. I would also like to mention the wonderful waitress in the myama restaurant, her name is Faith , in addition to the delicious food, excellent service, the girl is very friendly and pleasant. And also the wonderful staff throughout the hotel, they will be happy to solve your problem and clean 2 times a day, which is also very pleasing.

Great service from Faith and delicious poke bowl.

A big thank you to the Marriott Hotel team, especially Chef Tolgahan. His kindness, attentiveness, and professionalism stood out the most. He manages everything with great coordination and ensures guests are always well taken care of. His hospitality truly reflects the high standards of the hotel. Highly appreciated!

I wanted to thank the Head Chef MR Tolgahan, the waiter MR Srinivas and his entire team at the Marriott Palme hotel for the quality of their service, their professionalism and their human qualities.

We had a wonderful experience at the Marriott Hotel. I would especially like to thank Chef Tolgahan for his outstanding hospitality and genuine care. He was incredibly attentive throughout our stay and made us feel truly valued as guests. His professionalism and coordination in managing everything so smoothly were impressive. A truly memorable experience thanks to him.

Our stay at the Marriott Hotel was elevated by Chef Tolgahan’s exceptional service. His warm hospitality and constant attention to guests made a big difference. You can clearly see his strong leadership and coordination as a chef, ensuring everything runs perfectly. He goes above and beyond to make guests feel comfortable and welcomed.
Derya Srtz

I would like to extend our sincere appreciation for the exceptional experience we had during our recent stay. We had booked nine rooms for eight families, including dinner and breakfast for one night, and it truly turned out to be a memorable and delightful occasion for all of us.

From the moment we arrived, every member of your team made us feel genuinely welcomed. The reception staff were warm and efficient, housekeeping maintained excellent standards, and the restaurant team delivered a wonderful dining experience with delicious food and attentive service.

A special mention goes to the hotel manager Ms.Rania who was always available, approachable, and incredibly supportive throughout our stay. This level of care and dedication truly reflects outstanding hospitality and customer service.

Thank you for making our gathering so special. We thoroughly enjoyed every moment and will certainly be looking forward to visiting again soon.

Great hotel and great staff I highly recommend

1A Hotel nur zu empfehlen

Amazing Property and Good Service, thanks to Rania and her entire team

Amazing facility and great room

Panoramic views that make you feel out of the world. Good service and excellent food experience makes it a great business meeting place

I had the most amazing stay at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah. Honestly, I didn’t expect any surprises, but the experience turned out to be so thoughtful and truly personalized.

A special thank you to Paul, Sue, and Abigail for going above and beyond to make my stay so memorable. Your kindness and attention to detail did not go unnoticed and made all the difference.

I’m so grateful for such a beautiful experience and will definitely be coming back 🤍

In this uncertain time, I’ve decided to have a holiday with my 🐾🐶🐾. The hotel is 10 min away from home but really made a difference for us to enjoy, relax and have a break from all the war stuff.  🐾🐶 definitely loves the view, enjoying lying down, relaxing by the beach. The staff are super friendly and helpful.  Everyone receives my 🐶 like he’s a prince.  Loved the idea of a 5-star hotel to be pet friendly.  Great experience!

Stay was amazing all staff are needfull professional and hospitable.

I had an incredible stay at Marriot the Palm last week. I totally recommend paying extra to get a full seaview room, the view is simply incredible, the best view you can get in Dubai really. They have a beautiful beach and a big pool, which I enjoyed to the max during my stay. I also tried their restaurants, my favorite one was Smoki where they serve Korean food. They cook the food in front of you and the taste of the food was absolutely DELICIOUS! They also have a Spa which I visited for one afternoon and I enjoyed some relaxing time at the jacuzzi and sauna. If you want to workout during your stay, the gym is fully equiped. Definitely a place where you can see they really invested time abd energy to make your stay memorable, at least this was my experience, so I cannot recommend it enough.

Min, was very helpful when we checked in. He explained the process and how our credit works. Room service is spot on. We also met Paul when we checked out. He is super sweet. He helped us up until going out. He even loved our dog. Best stay ever!

We came here on Easter Sunday! The food was exceptionally delicious!
Nusulah was also so helpful and kind , she showed us how to get to the washroom areas which were also very clean! Amazing staff!

We had a wonderful stay at Marriott the Palm and thank u to the team and special thanks to Paul, sabuhi and rania  and there was a variety of activities that was fun and the services was  excellent

Very good Hotel, warm welcomed 🫡lovely staff  delicious food in cucina thank you everyone for the amazing hospitality…

Came for the day pass with family. Very bad experience. Manish the lifeguard made our experience really bad , keeps annoying kids with rules? No, No photo, No whatever!!! Restaurant was not much better, food delays and non tasty food

Had a great experience staying at Marriott Resort The Palm. The restaurants on the property were fantastic, and the team was amazing, very friendly and attentive. Highly recommended.

Excellent

فندق ممتاز والخدمه والغرف والوجبات ممتازه والموقع غايه في الجمال استمتعت جدا والسيرفيس تحفه

Forever the friendliest staff in the world!! Everyone went out of their way but Paul & Sayandip at the reception & Myat Su from Cucina restaurant were the stars of the show 🙏🏻

Very tasty food and good service ! Thank You , Sanju

Myami
And all of the staff amazing

Strand super, Essen perfekt und Paul von der Rezeption war der beste und hat uns in vielen sachen in unserem Urlaub geholfen. Tausend dank an ihn

Amazing as always. Great staff, great quality, great atmosphere - even during these special times...

Rajesh from lobby security is a diamond. He went above any beyond without hesitation to help me with a range of matters and fast. He is a credit to your business.

This was one of the best family staycation and getaway we had in Dubai. Our kids loved the lids club and activities, the food was great, the staff so friendly and helpful! We felt like we’re home and treated like royalty!  Thank you to the staff and management!  Well done and see you again soon!

Amazing Pool and Beach resort. Pet friendly, and great staff service! Bilan is super nice with my dog too, offered a treat and nice cool water the moment we arrived!! Love the calamari and couscous!! Thank you.

Rajesh was so kind and helpful

👍

A good hotel on Palm, nice rooms with good Restaurants.
I will come again after 3 months and will write again.

The hotel itself is beautiful, with stunning views, excellent facilities, and a relaxing atmosphere.

I would like to extend my sincere appreciation to Rajesh at the reception of Marriott Hotel, Palm Jumeirah. He truly stood out for his exceptional service, professionalism, and genuine kindness.

Thank you for the wonderful hospitality! I look forward to returning again soon!

Absolutely loved this resort. I was welcomed with a personalized hand-written note from the Hotel Manager Rania Chamoun with treats in the room that matched my likes - that's what I call solid care and attention to guests! Had a fabulous time unwinding, relaxing by the pool, eating good food and getting pampered at the spa. One of the best facial treatments I've had ever! Shout out to Septi from Spa, Faith and Susan from Myami and Sanjay from Levanterra. An absolute recommendation for anyone wanting to disconnect and escape the stresses of life.

Our family staycation at the Marriott Resort was nothing short of perfect. From start to finish, the experience was elevated by the remarkable hospitality and personalized attention we received.
A special thank you goes to Rania Chamoun, the Property Manager, whose professionalism and genuine care truly made a difference during our stay. Her warm approach, attention to detail, and constant presence to ensure guests are comfortable reflect the highest standards of hospitality. It’s rare to see such dedication, and we deeply appreciated it.
The resort itself is beautifully maintained, the facilities are excellent, and every staff member we interacted with was courteous and attentive. Our family felt welcomed, relaxed, and fully taken care of throughout the entire stay.
We left with wonderful memories and will definitely be returning. Highly recommended for anyone seeking a seamless and personalized family getaway!

We recently spent a wonderful family vacation at this hotel, and it exceeded our expectations in all the right ways.

The pool was definitely a highlight—clean, spacious, and perfect for both adults and kids to enjoy. It quickly became our favorite spot to relax and unwind each day. What really stood out, though, was how kid-friendly the entire property is. From the welcoming atmosphere to thoughtful touches throughout, it made traveling with children easy and enjoyable.

As a Marriott Platinum member, I was upgraded to a beautiful suite. It was impressive—comfortable, well-maintained, and spacious enough for the whole family to feel at home. After busy days, it was the perfect place to recharge.

Overall, this hotel strikes a great balance between relaxation and family fun. We left with great memories and would absolutely consider coming back again.

We recently enjoyed a staycation at the Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah, and it was truly an exceptional experience for our whole family. From the moment we arrived, the team made us feel welcomed and genuinely cared for. Their personalized approach stood out in every detail, from the thoughtful service to the attention they gave to my kid, making the stay even more memorable.
The facilities were fantastic, the atmosphere was relaxing, and everything we needed was perfectly taken care of. It’s rare to find a place where hospitality feels so genuine, but Marriott absolutely delivered.
We left feeling extremely happy and refreshed, and we would happily come back again. Highly recommended for families looking for a memorable and comfortable getaway!

Amazing service and adorable place to relax

الموقع جميل للي يحب البحر والسباحة
الغرف واسعة ونظيفة وفيها بلكونة
الأسعار مرتفعة

I have visited the hotel last week on eid holidays and amazing staycation, service and location. There was a huge queu for breakfast and they handled the f&b team handled the guests very well. They also served us cupcakes and donuts while we were waiting.

Außergewöhnlicher Aufenthalt – weit über 5 Sterne hinaus.
Zeitraum 23.02.2026 - 07.03.2026
Unser Aufenthalt im Marriott Palm Jumeirah Resort war in jeder Hinsicht außergewöhnlich – und das nicht nur wegen des Hotels selbst, sondern vor allem wegen der Menschen, die dort arbeiten.
Ursprünglich war unser Aufenthalt deutlich kürzer geplant, doch durch unvorhergesehene Umstände mussten wir eine weitere Woche im Hotel bleiben. Gerade in dieser besonderen Situation hat sich die Qualität dieses Hauses eindrucksvoll gezeigt: Das gesamte Team hat mit einer unglaublichen Ruhe, Professionalität und Herzlichkeit reagiert. Zu keinem Zeitpunkt entstand Hektik oder Unsicherheit – stattdessen fühlten wir uns jederzeit bestens aufgehoben und betreut.
Ein ganz besonderes Lob gilt den beiden Managern vor Ort, darunter auch ein deutscher Manager Gerrit Schmitt sowie eine Managerin Rania Chamoun, die sich persönlich und mit großem Engagement um die Gäste gekümmert haben. Sie waren ständig präsent, sind von Gast zu Gast gegangen, haben Fragen beantwortet und dafür gesorgt, dass sich wirklich jeder sicher und gut versorgt fühlt.
Aber auch alle anderen Mitarbeiter verdienen höchste Anerkennung: Ob Service, Betreuung oder Organisation – hier arbeitet jeder mit beeindruckender Hingabe. Besonders hervorzuheben ist der liebevolle Umgang mit Familien, Kindern und allen Gästen gleichermaßen. Man hatte wirklich das Gefühl, dass einem jeder Wunsch von den Lippen abgelesen wird.
Abgesehen davon ist das Hotel selbst einfach wunderschön: tolle Zimmer, eine hervorragende Ausstattung und eine rundum erstklassige Atmosphäre.
Für uns steht fest: Dieses Hotel ist uneingeschränkt empfehlenswert. Es verdient nicht nur fünf Sterne, sondern 50.

Excellent

Amazing experience. Good hospitality . Go for the levantera buffet. Thanks to Rania for a smooth check in check out

Had a great experience. Fantastic facilities and great location. A special shout to Rania for making our stay memorable.

Excellent stay, we came in a busy time and still everything was smooth, mr paul at reception was really helpful.

Good experience. Bablu, Stanley and Nayyar good team work.

Very good experience in this resort on a beautiful prime location on Palm Jumeirah.
Nice clean room, good space, very comfortable bed and pillow, great bathroom.
Breakfast had a large spread suitable for different palates; with live stations for eggs, pancakes… team (all of them) was super friendly and helpful in spite of being overwhelmed with the amount of clients.
Kuddos to Min and Paul at check in counter, even in stressful super busy days, kept their smile and professionalism on, and accomodating requests. The best first and last faces to see to keep the best memory of a staycation at Marriott Palm

I t was a wonderful stay , full of joy and happiness, a beautiful property superb service and excellent food menu very nice staff and many regards to Manager Rania Chamoun for taking care of our group stay.

Had a very good experience at this resort, I am especially astounded with the spa facilities and services. I was very impressed and happy with Sarmads hospitality and services. Highly recommend him and this place!

Valet service is very bad I waited more than half an hour for the car and it wasn’t even busy and when I followed up they could not tell what’s the status or how long I’m still going to wait
At the end I waited 45 minutes just to get the car
Everyone was complaining from the same thing and minimum 20 minutes needed to bring one car

We are residents of Dubai and regularly stay at high-end resorts, so we have a clear expectation of service standards. We chose Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah based on the reputation of the Marriott brand. Unfortunately, this has been one of the most disappointing stays we have experienced.

On our first day, we ordered water at 10:00 AM. Despite calling four times to follow up, it was only delivered at 12:00 PM. A two-hour delay for such a basic request is not acceptable for a hotel of this level.

The following day at the pool, although the hotel promotes separate areas for families and adults, this was not enforced. The adult pool and bar were filled with children, which affected the overall experience. We raised this issue twice with management, but no action was taken. The atmosphere did not reflect the standard expected from a Marriott property.

We also received five missed calls from the spa. When we returned the call, we were told we had a booking, which we had not made. Despite explaining that we had been out of the room all morning, the staff insisted the booking came from our room, which was both confusing and unprofessional.

Finally, we addressed all concerns with the reception manager (name believed to be Amayer). The response was disappointing. We explained that we rarely complain or leave negative reviews, but due to the experience, we requested a refund. Instead, we were told the issues would be investigated and that we might receive a room upgrade on a future visit. As we made clear, we do not intend to return.

Overall, this stay fell far below expectations, both in service and in how concerns were handled.

Please note: we have chosen not to include photos in this review out of respect for the privacy of other guests.

Everything is perfect , very professionla staff, amazing location ,amazing surface

Really Good service by the hotel specially Mr Samad.

Absolutely terrible service. Hardly dog friendly. Staff lied to us about dogs being able to swim, for us to find out they can’t after checking in. Zero accountability or remorse on the lie or on wasting our time, instead we checked out. All restaurants aren’t dog friendly, even the ones they say are, very small inconvenient allocated spaces are, and super limited food items. I personally don’t recommend this hotel for dog owners. And the staff needs tons of training.

Das Hotel war ein Traum. Zimmer waren sehr großzügig und sauber. Wir haben das Zimmer bereits vor der offiziellen Check-In-Zeit bekommen, wofür wir sehr dankbar waren – das hat uns den Anreisetag sehr erleichtert. Das Abendessen im Levantera war sehr sehr lecker. Es hat 3 Themenabende (Indisch, Arabisch und Seafood Night) in der Woche gegeben. An den anderen Tagen gab es eine gute Mischung aus allem. Das Einzige, was wünschenswert gewesen wäre, wäre ein kleines Eisbuffet. Desserts ansonsten auch lecker, aber sehr üppig. Zum Personal im Levantera: Es gab sowohl unfreundliches Personal als auch sehr freundliches Personal. Manchmal wurde einfach unser gesamter Tisch abserviert (als wir gerade beim Buffet waren) – somit mussten wir wieder frisches Besteck, frische Gläser und auch eine neue Flasche Wasser anfordern. Einen Tag war es so und am anderen Tag stapelten sich die Teller auf unserem Tisch, weil sie so selten abserviert wurden. Zudem gibt es ‚nur‘ 5 Tische in einem Abteil ohne Klimaanlage. Im gesamten Hotel ist die Klimaanlage auf Low eingeschalten (und das im Jänner!). Es war sehr kalt im Hotel – wir waren im Jänner dort und da muss unserer Meinung nach nicht Indoor auf 19 Grad heruntergekühlt werden. So mussten wir immer einen Pulli und einen Schal mitnehmen zum Abendessen. Nicht angenehm für Leute, die sensibel auf Klimaanlagen reagieren. Noch ein eher kritischer Punkt ist der Alkohol-Preis: 16€ für ein Glas Wein. Wir hätten gerne hin und wieder zum Abendessen ein Gläschen getrunken, aber bei diesen Preisen konnten wir und das nur 2-3 Mal leisten. Im gesamten Hotel-Areal sehr sauber. Das Zimmer war auch gut ausgestattet. Da sich unser Zimmer auf der Straßenseite befand, waren wir sehr froh einen Gehörschutz zum Schlafen dabei gehabt zu haben, da abends alle mit ihre Sportautos Vollgas geben. Wünschenswert wären noch ein paar Kleiderhaken (für Jacken & Co.) im Zimmer gewesen und eine Steckdose (für Adapter) im Badezimmer.
Alles in Allem ein sehr großartiges Hotel. Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis passt gut. Wir können das Hotel empfehlen!

Хороший отель, на Palm Jumeira. Неплохое расположение, хорошее обслуживание, приветливый персонал. Единственный нюанс был при заселении,￼ паренёк настойке регистрации настойчиво нам предлагал поменять категорию номера с видом на море и с доплатой в 1000 €. После нашего отказа, поселил нас на втором этаже прямо над ресторанам где играет музыка. После перелёта было трудно заснуть, на следующий день номер поменяли без проблем. В остальном всё хорошо, завтрак, ужин. Все соответствует категории отеля. На пляже много лежаков, на бассейне тоже хватает. Wi-Fi, по номере ловит хорошо, на балконе постоянно отваливается. В целом, все понравилось. В данной локации один из лучших отелей, по принципу цена-качество.
￼￼ при заселении просят оставить депозит где-то 300 дирхам в сутки

Хороший отель, на Palm Jumeira. Неплохое расположение, хорошее обслуживание, приветливый персонал. Единственный нюанс был при заселении,￼ паренёк настойке регистрации настойчиво нам предлагал поменять категорию номера с видом на море и с доплатой в 1000 €. После нашего отказа, поселил нас на втором этаже прямо над ресторанам где играет музыка. После перелёта было трудно заснуть, на следующий день номер поменяли без проблем. В остальном всё хорошо, завтрак, ужин. Все соответствует категории отеля. На пляже много лежаков, на бассейне тоже хватает. Wi-Fi, по номере ловит хорошо, на балконе постоянно отваливается. В целом, все понравилось. В данной локации один из лучших отелей, по принципу цена-качество.
￼￼ при заселении просят оставить депозит где-то 300 дирхам в сутки

My stay at this hotel in Dubai was absolutely fantastic. From the service to the food, the cleanliness, and the rooms – everything was truly outstanding. The entire experience felt very professional and well organized. There was honestly nothing to complain about.

The staff makes sure that every detail is taken care of so that guests can fully relax and enjoy their stay. You really don’t miss anything here, and if you ever need assistance, the concierge team is always happy to help. All employees are extremely friendly, helpful, and attentive.

Dinner was excellent every single day. There was a huge variety of dishes to choose from, and everything tasted delicious. The hotel also creates a wonderful atmosphere with a beautiful ambience that makes every evening special.

The location of the hotel is also perfect. It is located at the beginning of the Palm, which makes it much easier and faster to reach the city compared to hotels that are located at the very end of the Palm.

The pool area was amazing, and the pool bar in particular was fantastic – a great place to relax and enjoy the view. The sea was very clean, the beach was well maintained, and the entire hotel complex looked beautiful, modern, and spotless.

Overall, there is absolutely nothing to criticize. Everything is very well maintained and of a high standard. I will definitely come back to this hotel in the future.

Thank you for such a wonderful and memorable vacation.

I went there for Layalina Iftar, the service was amazing the food and the view is insane. Neladge particularly was a big help and responded to all our inquiries and asks in good and timely manner.

Great location. very good service by Mr. Neeraj

One word: Fantastic. Super nice and spatious room. Very friensly staff. Sad i only had to stay here 1 night.

Liebes Marriott Team,

wir möchten uns von Herzen bei Ihnen bedanken. Wir waren zum zweiten Mal in Ihrem wunderbaren Hotel und ich kann sagen, es war erneut ein unvergessliches Erlebnis. Von dem Moment an, als wir ankamen, wurden wir wieder erkannt und WIEDER so herzlich empfangen wie beim ersten Mal. Jeder von Ihnen hat sich mit so viel Freundlichkeit und Professionalität um uns gekümmert. Es war wirklich wieder etwas Besonderes hier zu sein. Die Herzlichkeit der Mitarbeiter war  unvergesslich. Danke, dass Sie uns das Gefühl gaben zu Hause zu sein.

To the Service at Levantera to my lovely people Wassem, you have been such a nice guy❤️, Bablu, Stanel, Nayyon, Adidave, Chef Santosh, Rohan, Hsu, Saif, Khine, Merisha thanks for all guys 🫶🏻

A big ❤️ to the Myami Team! Faith, Thoon and Gopi Ye. Thank you very much for all the gifts to our son, we really loved to spent time with you.

Housekeeping Team Shoel & Musulah also a big thank to you, you are doing a fantastic job.

And to the last Person at the beach Service, NASSERULAH! We became friends, you are a great person, our son speaks every time about you when he gets an ice cream. You treat people like they are your family. Thanks for all my friend, we enjoyed the time together like brothers

Thank you Marriott for the great employees you choose, I hope your country gets up soon and we can meet again.

Best regards Dimitri Blank & family

It’s just I can say: wow 👌

Visited layalina great quality of food and excellent service neeraj good guy

Today we met a good host named Hoo at Layalina Restaurant  neerag

Nuraj thanks

We stayed at the Marriott Resort Palm hotel from Feb 27 - March 9, 2026 just as the conflict in the middle east began. Not only is the hotel absolutely beautiful, comfortable and clean with incredibly friendly and helpful staff and excellent food/ amenities and restaurants ... we were so impressed by the professionalism and top security provided by the hotel and staff during this uncertain time. We had been travelling from Canada with our 3 year old son, and they went above and beyond to help us feel incredibly safe, and remained so calm and professional to ensure we were comfortable and had everything we need during this scary and uncertain time. I would absolutely recommend this hotel if you are travelling to Dubai, not only does it have excellent amenities (pool, gym, spa, restaurants - btw the spa is a must!!) but its directly on the beach and the views of the marina are breathtaking, the location is perfect, across the street from 2 malls - and everything is so safe, clean and kid friendly. We look forward to coming back in the future. Thank you to the entire team for going above and beyond in ensuring the most excellent and comfortable stay for my family during these crazy times.

Service is excellent. Neeraj was very helpful and always there for servixe

Neeraj in Layalina was exceptional. Amazing service

Dear Marriott Team,
I arrived in Dubai early last Saturday morning at around 7 a.m., and shortly after that the rocket situation started. It was a very unusual experience at first, especially for a German who isn’t used to something like this, and it took a moment to adjust.

But I would really like to give a huge compliment to the entire hotel. Throughout all these days, the work in every single area was outstanding. Everyone did their job extremely well. Every person was friendly, calm, and professional.

The level of service was incredible, even in situations where we had to go down to the basement for safety. The technology, the information, and the communication were all absolutely first class.

Experiencing this has actually made me feel even more connected to Dubai, because I felt surrounded by professionals who can handle any situation.

Thank you very much for everything.
Detlef Held

Our stay at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah was marked by extremely difficult and uncertain circumstances due to the regional military conflict. What could have been a very stressful and frightening experience turned into one where we felt supported, safe, and genuinely cared for — and this was largely thanks to the extraordinary professionalism and humanity of Ms. Rania Chamoun.

Rania went far beyond the responsibilities of a hotel manager. From the very first moment, she treated us not simply as guests, but almost like family. She helped us extend our stay during a very uncertain period, reassured us when anxiety and fear were high, and constantly checked in to make sure we were safe and comfortable.

What impressed us the most was that she offered this support even while the entire team was clearly under immense pressure. Despite the exhaustion and the difficult circumstances around her, Rania remained calm, compassionate, and deeply committed to helping every guest.

My wife is pregnant, and during such a sensitive moment in our lives, Rania’s support meant more than words can express. She provided not only emotional reassurance but also practical help that made it possible for us to stay safely until we could return home.

Leaders like Rania are rare. She leads with heart, empathy, and an exceptional level of professionalism. In our opinion, she deserves the highest recognition and full trust to lead hotel operations, because she represents the very best of what hospitality should mean.

We will forever remember the kindness and dedication she showed us, and we will always recommend Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah to anyone visiting Dubai. The level of care, professionalism, and humanity we experienced here was truly outstanding.

Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.

We stayed at the Marriott on Palm Jumeirah and honestly expected a much higher level of service.

Unfortunately, our experience was disappointing. During our stay our tour operator cancelled our flight due to the situation in Dubai. Because of this unexpected situation, we contacted the hotel to ask if it would be possible to extend our stay for one more night and whether they could offer any kind of discount.

Sadly, there was almost no response from the hotel. No one contacted us, no alternatives were offered, and there was no attempt to assist us during a difficult situation. In moments like this you expect a hotel of the Marriott level to show some flexibility and support for their guests, but that did not happen.

The hotel itself is nice — good location, comfortable rooms and pleasant facilities. However, the level of service and the way guest issues are handled in unexpected situations did not meet the expectations associated with the Marriott brand.

Hopefully the hotel will pay more attention to supporting guests when unforeseen circumstances occur.

Absolutely lovely. The atmosphere, the food, the drinks and the view!  Special thanks to Faith for taking care of us, we will definitely come back soon! ⭐️⭐️

I really loved it, the food was so good
I had the opportunity to meet Faith , a special person who knows how to work really hard.
She’s so kind and respectful
Thanks her.

整體體驗都相當滿意

The service here is very Good. Our Overall stay is exzellent. Manaswini from housekeeping made Our stay wonderful.  Thank you

Had a wonderful iftar dinner at the buffet Levantera greeted by the wonderful staff and managers! Def recommend,  thank you to the team !

Mintlesh and Kyaw provided superior cleaning service during our stay. The room was spotless and we had everything we needed for our stay.

I spoke to mithlesh who services our room. The team are very professional and do an excellent job!

We are superhappy with the hotel and it’s service, special thanks to Tolgahan Devrim - Chef de cuisine and Rania - Hotel Manager for their professionalism and special care about us!

Если не брать в учет налеты (внешнюю обстановку) впечатляет

Horrible service during a war time, no help when it comes to keeping people calm and safe. Only care about money no one is checking in but they want to kick everyone out during the bombings and make no considerations only a later check out time. Horrible manager at the hotel only explained 1 situation 1 time and never heard from him again. They shut don’t half of the amenities and then tell us if we want to experience them all again we can pro long our stay by paying for more days. Because of this service I don’t think they deserve any tourist money. When tourism makes up 90% of the countries income but don’t help any tourist, pitiful!!!!!!!!

Outstanding customer service with Sukhend and Tia today! In fact, the entire team was professional, friendly, and always willing to help. They made my stay smooth and stress-free. Highly recommend.

Excellent

One of the best hotels ive stayed in before definitely worth the price

Hotel staff were truly exceptional last night, managing all guests with remarkable professionalism while the country was under attack. They kept us continuously informed and organized a safe shelter for everyone until it was secure to return to our rooms.

Their compassion, service, and reassuring smiles never faltered, even in such uncertain times.

Special thanks to Mrs. Rania Chamoun, the Hotel Manager, for her outstanding leadership and for guiding her team with such strength and care.

Wir haben 11 Nächte hier verbracht und können nach vielen Aufenthalten in Dubai und Abu Dhabi sagen, dass das Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah definitiv zu unseren Favoriten gehört! Auch am West Beach haben wir bereits mehrfach Urlaub gemacht – unter anderem im Hilton nebenan – und können daher gut vergleichen. Dies war allerdings unser erster Urlaub mit Baby, weshalb uns ein familienfreundliches Hotel besonders wichtig war und unsere Erwartungen wurden hier voll erfüllt!

Ein herzliches Dankeschön gilt insbesondere Rohan, Htun und Waseem, die unseren Aufenthalt im Levantera Restaurant besonders angenehm gemacht haben. Sie waren stets aufmerksam, herzlich und äußerst kinderlieb – unser Sohn hat sie geliebt! Es ist unglaublich welche Freundlichkeit und welches Engagement wir erlebt haben.

Das Hotel ist insgesamt schön, relativ neu und modern. Die Lage am West Palm Beach ist optimal. Die Zimmer sind groß, sauber, gut ausgestattet und sehr gepflegt. Die Reinigung war gründlich und zuverlässig – ein großes Lob an das Housekeeping-Team. Nach einem leider notwendigen Zimmerwechsel waren wir sehr zufrieden, dann ein ruhiges und schönes Zimmer zu haben. Vielen Dank auch an Paul an der Rezeption, der Deutsch spricht und uns freundlich sowie professionell weitergeholfen hat!

Das Essen im Levantera Restaurant war abwechslungsreich, frisch und sehr lecker. Rohan beim Abendessen sowie Htun und Waseem beim Frühstück haben mit ihrer herzlichen und aufmerksamen Art unseren Aufenthalt besonders bereichert – vielen lieben Dank dafür! Wir hoffen sehr, sie bei unserem nächsten Besuch wiederzusehen.
Auch die Damen am Empfang des Restaurants waren stets freundlich. Halbpension können wir generell absolut empfehlen!
Besonders hervorheben möchten wir das köstliche Gebäck und die individuell zubereiteten Eierspeisen am Morgen sowie die gut gewürzten, authentischen indischen Gerichte am Abend – großes Lob an den Chefkoch!
Auch für Kinder gibt es eine eigene Ecke mit passenden Speisen und Kindergeschirr.

Der Strand ist sehr schön und sauber, mit ausreichend Liegen und Handtüchern. Ein großer Pluspunkt ist das kostenlose Wasser, das den ganzen Tag über an praktischen Wasserspendern zur Verfügung steht – gerade bei den Temperaturen sehr angenehm.

Allerdings ist uns am Strand aufgefallen, dass die beliebtesten Cabanas und Liegen bereits früh morgens (vor 9 Uhr) mit Handtüchern reserviert werden und dann oft über Stunden ungenutzt bleiben. In einem 5-Sterne-Haus hat uns dieser Zustand überrascht. Positiv hervorheben möchten wir jedoch, dass unser Hinweis hierzu ernst genommen wurde.

Als kleiner Verbesserungsvorschlag wäre es daher sinnvoll, die Reservierungen am Strand etwas konsequenter zu kontrollieren und zu unterbinden, um allen Gästen einen fairen Zugang zu ermöglichen. Die Cabanas waren sehr bequem und praktisch, insbesondere mit Baby. Allerdings könnten diese bereits eine Reparatur gebrauchen, da die Befestigung für den Sonnenschutz bei vielen bereits defekt war und die Stangen lose rumgingen. Zudem wäre eine Toilette direkt am Strand wünschenswert, da der Weg über den Poolbereich mit Treppe etwas unpraktisch und weit ist.

Auch das System im Restaurant könnte optimiert werden: Die persönliche Tischvergabe ist zwar freundlich gemeint, führte jedoch häufig zu unnötigen Wartezeiten und Warteschlangen. Trotz Halbpension am Ende eine Rechnung unterschreiben zu müssen, empfanden wir ebenfalls als etwas umständlich und unnötig. Der Ablauf mit Karten-Scan, Papierzettel und anschließender sinnloser Papierrechnung ließe sich sicherlich komplett digital und papierlos gestalten.

Trotz dieser kleinen Verbesserungsvorschläge, haben wir einen tollen Urlaub verbracht und kommen sehr gerne wieder!

Mithlesh, sarita and sujeet kumar

Thank you again for such a great service. It was lovely seeing you every day. The room was always spotless & anything we asked for was always delivered with a smile on!

Thank you! We will look forward to seeing you again!

Petr Herman

The rooms were clean, big and beautiful. The Service and House keeping (Indika, Dipenda and Sanja) was awesome, they were very nice. I will come back!!

A wonderful Suhoor experience by the waterfront. Relaxing vibes, great shisha, and a very professional team. Special thanks to Mohamed Nasser for being so kind, attentive, and especially caring with the kids — they really liked him! Highly recommended.

Neeraj was very helpful

The staffs and the management are really accommodating. Really feels good staying here.

Thank you Htun and my gratitude to the HK team. Thank you guys.

Loved the vibes at Layalina, the instrument player was phenomenal, we were serviced by Neeraj which was very friendly and helpful. Shisha is great and the guy serving it was friendly.

Went for Iftar, all was perfect; Amazing staff, special thanks to Doreen!

Very nice and causy place. They have very nice laventara restaurant, they have good food and service. Thanks Kyriakos and the team for the good service

Amazing iftar @ Layalina majlis
Stuart and Mohammed Nasser were fabulous with service

Thanks very much Mohamed casserole amazing and also stanel

We had an excellent dining experience. Neeraj provided outstanding service — he was attentive, polite, and ensured everything was perfect for us. Truly one of the best service experiences we’ve had.

Such a nice and great stuff!! Devin from the restaurant or the cleaning angels been amazing!

The buffet was good and the food was nice, but the meat was better last year.
The staff were very good, and Christine was especially friendly.

Food was great and the service was perfect thanks Christine for your hospitality.

Charistien is great and perf

One the best buffet, resort and atmosphare, i strongley recommand, and special thanks for Sherly for the hospitality 🙏🏼

We had an incredible iftar at Layalina! The food was absolutely amazing and the view provided the perfect backdrop for the evening. What truly made the night special, however, was the service. Our waiter, Mohamed Nasser, was fantastic.. incredibly friendly, attentive, and genuinely happy to help us with everything we needed. It’s rare to find such high-quality service paired with such a great atmosphere. Highly recommended!

Muhammad Nasir one of tha best guy I met there serving a Arabic coffee with very small Tiny cops😄

5-star experience, but you might need to make effort to get the right table, reservation, etc. Room service was perfect. Food was great, sometimes a bit too crowded at the buffet. If someone walks off the table, it’s locked for some time and you have to wait (there is no system to free the table) - the staff at the restaurant can be impatient at times, reluctant to provide tables outside due to this. Halfboard is an amazing deal. Valet was perfect. Thank you Pavel, Elbek for helping with the room and the paid upgrade. Thank you Khalid for perfect concierge service and effort. NB: You don’t get Bonvoy points when registered with 3rd party.

💪🏽

The iftar of Ramadan was amazing in layalina, really like the service from Mhamed  Nacer who serve us the Arabic coffee ❤️🤍

We came here for iftar and it was a great experience. The ambience is beautiful, location is fantastic at sunset, food is also delicious. Neeraj was very welcoming and he made sure we had a great dinner!

Neeraj at the Layalina resturant was amazing!

We visited the levantera  for iftar , there was really nice food options  and the quality was good ,thanks to doreen for hosting us she was really humble and kind and very helpful in providing fast service

Excellent and very clean hotel with a private beach.

The best services, thank you for your hospitality Indika and Solomon!

While I do prefer purpose built hotels over ready made building conversions, marriot level of service remains impeccable at this hotel!

It’s always a great time here

great place

I attended the sit-down dinner, and it was very nice and cozy. The food and service were excellent.

The service is awful. When we checking-in the room . The receptionist told us we can choose either lunch or dinner for the half board . Finally, it comes up not like what she mentioned ,they kicked my families out from the restaurant and I ask us to pay extra. We need to pay before we get into the restaurant, we did pay extra in order not to ruined our holiday and after we finished the dinner, that ask us to pay again. What’s the problem with this hotel ?

Sai Krishns & Alahuddin & Sanjeev best Room Service !! Nice Hotel and Service All in all!!

Wir hatten einen sehr schönen Aufenthalt im Marriott The Palm Dubai.

Die Zimmer waren wirklich super. Modern, sauber und sehr komfortabel. Man fühlt sich sofort wohl. Auch die Lage ist hervorragend. Direkt auf der Palm gelegen mit tollem Strandzugang und wunderschönem Ausblick.

Das Buffet war grundsätzlich gut, allerdings für ein so grosses Hotel etwas klein. Zu gewissen Zeiten wurde es dadurch etwas eng und unübersichtlich.

Teilweise machte das Personal einen etwas erschöpften Eindruck. Zudem war es bei der Vollpension leider oft unklar, was genau inklusive ist, was zusätzlich verrechnet wird und wann etwas abgebucht wird. Hier wäre eine klarere Kommunikation wünschenswert.

Ganz speziell hervorheben möchten wir Suraj am Strand. Er hat sich ausserordentlich um uns gekümmert und wirklich alles für uns gemacht. Ein hervorragender Service, Hut ab. Auch Kinh am Strand war sehr freundlich und hat einen tollen Job gemacht.

Insgesamt ein sehr schöner Aufenthalt mit kleinen Verbesserungsmöglichkeiten im Servicebereich.

Рекомендуем, были 14-22февраля. Просторный номер с боковым видом. Очень чисто, хорошие рестораны и бары. Посещали СПА и тренажерный зал, все понравилось. Отличный чистый пляж. Чистый бассейн. Спортивные активности. Удачное расположение. Вдоль улицы торговая галерея и большой молл в 10 мин пешком. Вдоль пляжа широкий бульвар с фонтанами, ресторанами, клубами.

Top service from Mithlesh

Die Lage und das Hotel ist supper.
Die Hygiene in diesem hotel wird definitiv sehr groß geschrieben.
Abgesehen davon hat man beim einchecken 6 verschiedene Orte, so das man nicht lange warten muss.

Neerash was amazing and the shisha assistant awsome 🙏🏼

Kyriakos was amazing! Being new to Dubai he really helped with everything in terms of places to visit and made me feel like i’m at home. I will definitely be stopping my the Marriott Palm Resort Jumeirah for dinner or even a stay next time I visit because of him. The hotel is very lucky to have an asset like Kyriakos.

Kyriakos is so friendly, he helped us during our journey!

I attended Iftar with my partner today and it was amazing, the service was as great and the staff was very generous, humble and friendly.

Specially Mr Mohammed who ensured that we have continued supply of coffee and Mr Nirraj who ensured that our experience was the best

Best atmosphere
I have always been to Levantera for iftars every year but this is the best new set ups and view insane in layalina
Waiters are super friendly, Neeraj was the best guy

Had an Iftar at Layalina, service is exceptional, big variety of food and the quality is excellent. Would like to highlight Mr. Neeraj, he took care of us very well, always smiling and professional! We had great experience! Thank you.

The food, ambience and service was excellent. Neeraj was our host and he was polite and courteous. We highly recommend this iftar.

Very good iftar experience ! Thank you mohamed nasser!

Amazing buffet iftar.
Thanks to mohamed naser and stanel are very nice and welcoming. highly recommend

Layalina Ramadan majlis
Amazing 10/10
Mohammed Anna stanel great service

The best Iftar the vibe feels very Ramadan with the lovely live music. Thank Muhammad Nasser for the great Arabic tea and hospitality

Went here for Iftar and the buffet was absolutely fantastic. Immaculate Ramadan vibes as well. Service all around was great and the staff was really welcoming and attentive. Highly recommend

Thank you Mohammed Nasser for the great service!

Es war ein wunderschöner Aufenthalt! Alles hat gepasst. Super Service- alles sehr sehr sauber. Perfekte Lage - Ausblick ist der Wahnsinn!

Mithlesh,sanjeev, komal sarita
It is very good service , I recomand
They take care my room verry well

Special thanks to amazing helpful, nice, polite and professional staff (Shweta)servicing on 14 floor M club.

Отличный вариант для размещения в этом районе. Относительно новый и аккуратный отель. Были ранее в соседнем Хилтоне- ну разница есть однозначно! Мариотт - это отличный сервис! Завтраки очень хорошие! Надо отметить, что организация на завтраках шикарная- у них блютуз гарнитуры, распределение ролей- рассадка  гостей происходит моментально без очередей. Кстати, возле ресторана для завтрака есть кофемашина чтобы взять с собой кофе - бесплатно и работает до 11. На ресепшен почти весь русскоговорящий персонал. Бар на крыше с приятными ценами и прекрасным видом. Уборка в номерах каждый день идеальная. Свой пляж с шезлонгами с отличным сервисом и своим кафе- это удобно! Полотенца пляжные выдают хорошие сколько возьму. В бассейне обычно тусят дети с родителями. Только стройка напротив немного омрачает, но с их темпами строительства, я думаю в этом году закончат 😂

Iftar at Layalina restaurant was amazing. And the waiter Mohamed Nasr was super helpful!

Muhammad Nasir was a wonderful waiter!

Food was amazing, service was great too.
So much variety and excellent quality.
Thank you to Mohamed Nasser for serving us!

Such a beautiful Iftar tonight! Would definitely recommend. Mohammad Nasser was such a lovely waiter too, very attentive!

Absolutely loved my experience at Myami in Dubai!
Everything was delicious, especially the omelet with rib eye — perfectly cooked, rich in flavor, and very satisfying.

The coffee was excellent, and the protein shake was fresh and well-balanced.

Special thanks to Faith for the warm and attentive service. Truly appreciated the hospitality — will definitely come back!
.

Very nice

Mohammed was a great host at the Iftar, appreciate the hospitality

Great service - Mohammed was the best and served us with the best Arabic coffeeee. 😍🇦🇪😂

Very good staff. Mohamad Nasser is top in his work

Mohammad Nasser was the best!

Had an amazing Iftar here, beautiful scenery and the great service from Mohamed Nasser, very friendly team

Layalina majlis was the best choice for Ramadan Iftar

We stayed at this hotel for one week and had an absolutely wonderful experience. The service was excellent, and the helpfulness of the entire hotel staff exceeded anything we have experienced before. A special mention goes to Paul, who speaks German and supported us with advice and assistance at all times – his dedication truly made a difference.

The hotel is very clean, modern, and extremely well maintained. We felt comfortable from the very first moment. The gym is also excellent and well equipped.

Overall, a fantastic hotel that we would book again at any time and highly recommend.

It’s one of the most luxurious hotels in Duabi with friendly staff and natural simple atmosphere. It has fabulous choices of amazing restaurants where you can really enjoy different unique experiences. You don’t want to miss this fantastic hotel and restaurants.

Mohamed was so lovely and accommodating! Minto the manager was so friendly and I highly recommend you to come and enjoy the views delicious food and bring your family and friends here!

Amazing experience,today we had iftar there and the food was really nice and the staff were friendly specially Mohamed naser , highly recommend

Mohamed (Mimeto - manager) provided exceptional service. It was a pleasure having him serve us today.

super tolles hotel. mohamed war der beste dort und war sehr freundlich wir kommen immer wieder gerne hier

BEST PLACE TO HAVE IFTAR IN RAMADAN AND SPECIAL THANKS FOR COFFE MAN " MOHAMMAD NASSER " OF MR MINTO , DEFIENTELY RECOMMENDING THIS PLACE 😍😍

I am very grateful to the housekeeping team at Marriott Resort The Palm. After searching for my earring for almost two hours near the pool, I learned it had been safely found in the restroom by a staff member.
Truly impressed by the honesty and professionalism. Thank you!

Mithlesh and komal haben unsere Zimmer immer tip top gereinigt! Alle sind sehr nett und stets bemüht, einem jeden Wunsch zu erfüllen. Vielen lieben Dank,  wir kommen gerne wieder.

Special thanks to Mithlesh and Dimash , rahul kumar Sanjeev. They have been very nice and friendly and take care of my room while I leave.

Es war alles toll, allerdings wurden die Teller oft nicht zeitnah abgeräumt, so dass der Tisch schon mal schnell vollgestellt war

Amazing Iftar experience at Layalina. The atmosphere was beautiful, and the hospitality from Mohamed Nasser was truly exceptional. Highly recommended!

Mohamed Nasser provided outstanding service during Iftar at Layalina.
The atmosphere was amazing, and the entire experience was truly exceptional.
Professional, welcoming, and a great representative of authentic hospitality at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah.

Mohamed Nasser provided excellent service during Iftar at Layalina.
The atmosphere was amazing, and the whole experience was beautifully organized.
Professional, friendly, and truly passionate about hospitality.

Dear Marriott Hotel The Palm Dubai Team,

I am a member at Marriott hotels and also with other hotel companies around the world.

I would like to thank Marriott Hotel The Palm Dubai. It was a very nice experience and truly a fun stay. I have stayed before at Marriott Grosvenor House London, and also Marriott hotels in other countries like New York, but this stay felt very special.

First, I want to thank Mr. Nasir AlFarsi, Duty Manager. It was a pleasure meeting him. He is a very capable and professional manager, always active, attentive, and clearly dedicated to guest comfort. He was extremely welcoming, helpful, smiling, and very diplomatic in his approach. Honestly one of the best managers I have met.

Thank you to Mr. Ranukuwar, Housekeeping Manager, for the excellent work and service.

Special thanks to the Chef, truly amazing. The meals were outstanding and brought great joy to my stay. I honestly did not experience food like this before in Dubai.

I would also like to thank:

Indica – for the kindness and warm service.
Lcamana – very polite and helpful.
Sahan Surenera – professional and welcoming.
Nitess – always friendly and pleasant.
Nihal Roshan – very respectful and courteous.

Abhimb Dasgufta – thank you for the great attitude and assistance.
Mohammed Saud – very helpful and professional.
Sherly Faradilla – kind and always smiling.

Thank you all for making my stay comfortable and memorable.

Kind regards,
Layla Mohammed

Beautiful iftar, very nice food and a beautiful service by Mohammad nasser.

Mohamed Naser is great
Thank you so much

All the staff were amazing and Edwin and his colleagues were very helpful

This hotel & staff were very dependable & friendly. The staff were always willing to take time to help in any way they could. Special thanks to front desk staff Katherine & restaurant staff: Simran, Atman, Abidjan, Sandeepa, Saw Yan, Sarlie, Minkoko; all of them took time to make the stay very rememberable.

No comment
No1

Edwin at the concierge’s went above and beyond helping me and my family everyday with arranging travel and leaving the hotel. Edwin was especially great with my son.
Everything with the hotel was perfect but Edwin made our trip extra special with customer service that went beyond the normal expectations.

We came for a family meal at Myami and the food and service were amazing!
Our hostess Sandhya was exceptional from start to finish - highly recommend

Es war ein sehr angenehmer Aufenthalt mit freundlichem Personal, welches rund um die Uhr zur Verfügung stand.

Mein besonderer Dank geht an Rahul, Deven, Waseem, Doreen und Adidev, welche uns jeden Abend sehr freundlich und hilfsbereit beim Abendessen bedient haben!

Absolute Weiterempfehlung!

Mithlesh the BEST men in Marriot Palm ‼️

He take care of the room and make my wish come true. 🥰
Komel and sarite they are the best room cleaner 🤩

Amazing time on the palm.
Service was great
Drinks amazing
Pool pass fully redeemable

Big boss Sujan made our day amazing
Thank you

Had another lovely dinner at the Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah! We can’t stop coming back! The staff truly goes above and beyond to make our evening special! Thank you to Bablu, Stanel, Adidev, Nayyar and chef Santosh :)

Her şey için Paul’a teşekkür ederim. Odaları çok geniş ve ferah bir daha gelsem kalırım. Herkes güler yüzlü

This stay we were so happy because of the staff in this hotel: Kamana,Wai,Emese,Vivienne,Leticia,Zowie,and others.Marriott  should be proud of you!They are so kind,generous,sweet!They gave us some pleasure letters when we were almost moving home.They gave us presents.That was really touching!!!We really loved our room,especially the wide balcony and pretty sea-view.We watched sunsets from it.The hotel has nice service because of our room "M club" we had it.There are breakfasts there,afternoon tea and happy hours.

The first few days were comfortable and had a great time - however during Ramadan and Half Term Holidays the hotel has overbooked.I definitely wouldn’t book this hotel during busy periods or for personal trips. If here for business I would say it is a good all round hotel.The staff at M Club were helpful and accommodating throughout my stay.

这里的一切都很好，除了某一些酒店前台。 当我尝试续订两晚（已经提前定好，只需要在前台确定继续住在原来的房间并刷新一下卡），我提前一天去前台，一位女士和我说需要第二天第一个订单退房的时候再过来重新入住（好吧，这是我第一次见到这样的规则，但是我遵守你们的规则，尽管我需要再来一次）。 当我第二天过来按你们的规则说我要重新入住的时候，另一位女士（c开头，可能是Claire 什么的名字，她用头发遮挡了名牌，这很不专业）一味的和我说今天已经定满了，她什么都为我做不了（我和她说了我昨天已经来过的事，并且那个同事说可以这样做的事，到她并没有因此去核查信息）。 这让我瞬间陷入巨大的担忧，觉得今天可能会露宿街头。 我就说让她去找昨天那个女士核对清楚，她就去房间里找了经理，在这个过程中我意识到我已经订了，你们必须给我房间，她出来后似乎也得到了这一信息，然后说可以给我办理了。 整个过程中她表现得非常不专业，没有问我住哪个房间，没有检查我是否有预定，遮挡名牌，只会一味的说今天订满了。 这还可以看出来，你们酒店的前台没有任何的工作交接， 简单的续住需要给每个前台都重新解释一遍。 以往在别的酒店我随时都可以去前台制卡，你们制定了和别人不一样的规则，却没有成熟的机制服务它（没有交接，也不去要求前台确认我的信息，我希望只是这位工作人员不专业），任何第一次来的人都会因此多跑几次前台并浪费口舌。 事后这位女士也没有表现出任何歉意，仍然在嘴硬的说她只是不知道我已经预定，这个经历让我在前台很尴尬，在一天开始的时候给了我糟糕的心情。

Amazing food and vibes. Staff are super friendly sangrila, kedar, kumara

Das ist wie im Märchen Land
Das muß man gesehen haben

Absolutely loved the coffee. Rich flavor, perfectly balanced, and served just right.

Thank you Lobby Lounge Team

Tolles Hotel, tolles Essen ...alles prima 👍

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Unser Aufenthalt im Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah, Dubai war in jeder Hinsicht herausragend. Vom ersten Moment an fühlten wir uns willkommen und bestens betreut.

Die Zimmer sind modern, großzügig geschnitten und äußerst gepflegt. Besonders beeindruckt hat uns die Kombination aus stilvollem Design, Komfort und dem traumhaften Ausblick. Hier wurde wirklich an jedes Detail gedacht.

Der Service ist auf absolutem Spitzenniveau – aufmerksam, professionell und gleichzeitig herzlich. Das gesamte Team arbeitet mit echter Leidenschaft für Gastfreundschaft.

Die Lage auf der Palm Jumeirah ist ideal: direkter Strandzugang, eine wunderschöne Promenade und eine fantastische Atmosphäre – sowohl tagsüber als auch abends.

Ein ganz besonderes Lob geht an Chefkoch Mahith. Seine Küche war ein absolutes Highlight unseres Aufenthalts. Die Gerichte waren nicht nur geschmacklich exzellent, sondern auch kreativ und auf höchstem kulinarischem Niveau präsentiert. Man merkt sofort seine Expertise, sein Qualitätsbewusstsein und seine Liebe zum Detail. Jeder Teller war ein Erlebnis für sich.

Wir kommen definitiv wieder und können dieses Resort uneingeschränkt weiterempfehlen. Ein perfekter Aufenthalt – vielen Dank an das gesamte Team

A must try 100%

Great above 11 experience

I love the hotel

Had a day pass here and had a great day, great location, great service and food and drink. Bilal also delivered exceptional service that made a positive difference to my day here :)

Had an amazing relaxing coffee time. Amazing service from the lobby server

Heerlijk hotel aan het strand met goeie beach service  vooral nieraj doet eeg zijn best! Topper!

Amazing 😍🤩 Left speechless

I have never been to a hotel that has a better staff...ever. From the front desk, to management, to the resturant cooks...this place is special.

My wife had to have major surgery on her hand and we had to do a checkup back at the hospital after surgery and we decided to stay here cause it was close to the hospital.

At this point in our journey...our 10th Anniversary and vacation was over and we were just wanting to go home. We had already had to cancel 95% of our trip including the Maldieves and were just kinda broken. If not for EVERYONE at this Marriott, everything would have been a complete loss to us...but thabks to their love, care, and true compassion for our situations...we started at a hotel but quickly felt like we were at home!

This is a BEAUTIFUL property with amazing views and fantastic "yes" already...but what makes it special is the people. In fact, we had planned on staying just one night then moving somewhere else but because of how we were helped and treated...we stayed for 4 instead!!!

Daily, someone would make sure my wife was ok or someone would come by with a personal hand written note to just wish her a beautiful day and a quick recovery.

They even upgraded our room to make sure she had plenty of space to get comfortable and not just be stuck on a bed or chair all day.

There are no words that I have that coukd express my eternal appreciation for this team. You helps but me and most importantly my wife dig ourselves out of our negative outlook on things and start enjoying the moments that we did have...instead of all those we lost.

This was the catalyst and fuel that helped us push through tonthe end of our journey before heading back to the US. Im currently on a plane somewhere over the ocean in tears writing this review.

You all changed our lives and we appreciate you. I sure hope that you share this review with the entire staff...I think they will remember us...cause I know we will never forget them.

I travel a lot at work and normally stay at Marriott properties cause they are easy...in fact...I've been gold or higher now for the last 4 consecutive years. What has always just been another place to lay my head between business meetings or short trips with the family...now is so much more...its my home away from home that I know will always have OUR best interests at heart unlike other Luxury Hotels where your just another walking dollar bill.

If your ever out on the Palm Jumeirah...I recommend you stay here. The staff, the rooms, the view, the food...all world class.

Thank you again for everything!!!!

Excellent place to be Wonderful stuff from walking in until checkout thank you everyone for your service.

My check in experience was bad as I arrived over the weekend and got a low level room and there was a company event outside which was noisy, I had a back and forth argument with management but they ultimately changed my room and it was up to my specifications. I had a wonderful time at the beach and got exceptional service by Bilal from the staff. I also enjoyed the Saray spa and was help by the kind, always smiling Maria. Over all my stay was acceptable, it could have been great if it wasn’t for the check in process.

Simply Amazing:) So clean, super comfortable beds and blankets, extremly helpfull receptionists. Mr. Paul welcomed our son so greatfull, he loved it so much. Thank you:)

Sehr schönes Hotel in wunderschöner Lage. Tolles und hilfsbereites Personal, die jeden Wunsch rasch erfüllt hat.
Kein Grund für irgendeine Kritik!

We enjoyed the Game of Liverpool, most best service offered by Thang we will come back in Claw.

Our stay at Marriott Resort Palm Jumeirah was truly phenomenal.

Unfortunately, our trip began on a very difficult note. Both of our young children became unwell during the flight before landing in Dubai. What could have been an overwhelming experience was made manageable purely because of the incredible care, empathy, and professionalism shown by the Marriott team.

Our daughter was admitted to hospital for four days, and we had to extend our stay twice at very short notice. Throughout this entire period, the support we received from the hotel was exceptional. From Guest Services, to the Reception and Booking team led by Sauhardeep, to Housekeeping, every single interaction was thoughtful, proactive, and genuinely caring.

A special mention must go to Santosh, the Chief Head Chef at Laventera, and his wonderful team. When our 18 month old daughter was unwell, they prepared special dietary meals tailored specifically for her needs. Santosh personally ensured food could be arranged not only during her stay at the hotel, but also sent meals to the hospital while she was admitted, and continued to support us after her discharge. During an incredibly stressful time, his care and warmth made it feel like we were at home, even when we were far from it. This level of compassion and attention goes far beyond what one would ever expect from a hotel.

The leadership and culture here, under Mr Jinobin, truly shine through the team. You can feel it in the way people care. Special thanks to Mr Jinobin for all that he did for us during this difficult time.

I have travelled extensively across all continents, but I can honestly say I have never experienced customer service of this standard. Not just efficient, but deeply human.

My wife, our children, and I are incredibly grateful. This was our third visit, and just as with the previous years, we already look forward to returning again for the fourth time next December.

Thank you for taking such exceptional care of our family when we needed it most. Marriott felt exactly like home when we stayed there for two weeks and we all were very emotional as we left for our flight back home.

Sai Krishna cleaned my room today and he was amazing! I was doing some things in my room but he easily worked around me and cleaned up in record time. Keep up the great work!

We had a fantastic stay at the resort. Souradeep provided excellent service and really took great care of our whole family. It was a brilliant holiday and will visit again.

Отличный отель, комфортно, чисто. Хороший завтрак

A great experience of morning breakfast with a best service of Bablu and Stanel and Nayyar. Every thing taste great and hospitality makes your day start differently.

My husband and I booked this hotel for two nights in mid December as part of two week trip between the UAE and the Maldives. It was our first time to the region and this hotel. We booked the reservation the prior April for the Palm Deluxe Double, Guest room, 2 Double, Balcony for about 1,150 AED per night through the Marriott website.

I am a Marriott Bonvoy lifetime Platinum member. I also have the Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant American Express Credit Card. As part of my elite status, we received free breakfast at the hotel; however, that was not needed because we were upgraded to the Palm Suite, M Club lounge access, 1 Bedroom Suite, 1 King, Sofa bed, Sea view, Balcony using two suite night awards. This upgrade came with access to the M Club which served breakfast, tea, and happy hour throughout the day. The M Club also seemed to have a full bar with complimentary drinks. The M Club also had multiple balconies offering sweeping views of the Dubai Marina and Palm Jumeirah.

This is a very large hotel more from a width perspective. When we were visiting, it wasn’t particularly warm (or cold) and it was rainy so we didn’t use the pool or beach. Despite not using these items, the pool and beach area seemed very nice. Our room had a great view of the Dubai Marina. Our room was very spacious and modern. The hotel had daily cleaning and turn down service. I considered using the hotel’s laundry services but they were crazy expensive so I went to a local place nearby that did my laundry and delivered it back to the hotel the next day.

The hotel has multiple restaurants throughout of differing cuisine and price point. There really didn’t seem to be a lot to do in the immediate area other than enjoy the beach and pool; despite this, we were able to get an uber or taxi within five minutes of needing one. The service at the hotel was generally mixed. Finally, you need a room key to get to any floor or are of the hotel reserved for guests. The hotel did have a mobile key available.

I would come back to this hotel and I would recommend, but I would probably first search other areas of Dubai now knowing more about the area. Finally, as a gay American from NYC, I never once felt uncomfortable with my husband. We did not wear our wedding bands while on this trip nor did we exhibit any public displays of affection but overall felt no concerns about being an openly gay man.

Fantastic hotel. Great food, great service.

Sai Krishna was amazing. Thanks for the service and looking forward to staying with you soon !!!!

chef mahith  he is  good service,good personality

Chef Mahith was excellent service & very friendly character

Very nice food and personnel - Stanel out waiter was very very helpful and super nice!
Best hotel buffet I have ever had!

I had an amazing experience at the Marriott Palm Jumeirah during a luxury event hosted at the hotel. Premium event

Sai krishna&alauddin they clean my room every thinking is good thanks

Sehr empfehlenswerter Strandhotel.
Personal ist sehr nett und freundlich.
Deutschsprachiger Mitarbeiter Paul war sehr hilfsbereit und hat uns sehr gut beraten.

I had a great massage experience. The place was clean, relaxing, and comfortable. The massage helped relieve my body tension and stress.

The reception staff were very welcoming and professional. Especially Lester !They assisted me quickly, explained everything clearly, and made the whole experience smooth and pleasant. Their friendly attitude really made a good first impression.”

Highly recommended. Will definitely come back again.

Nice place.

Great Experience

Marriott hotel is very nice and beautiful. I like the levantera restaurant and specially service of sujan waseem and gautam .they are so nice and greet me very well.

Tuesday there’s a Indian dinner buffet all types of Indian food was there and the food was absolutely awesome delicious fabulous And all the staffs are fantastic and friendly

Це чудовий готель з надзвичайно уважними працівниками! Всі були на стільки турботливі й уважні, що це додатково створювало дуже приємні враження 🥰 Чисті номери, чудове розташування. Ліжка зручні, а звукоізоляція цілком ок . Їжа у ресторані смачна. З розваг для діток - дитячий клуб де можна залишити дитину з нянями, басейн під накриттям, дитяча площадка у затінку. Також є великі шахи, настільний теніс і ще декілька вуличних ігор. Ще великим плюсом є повноцінний тренажерний зал де ви знайдете усе необхідне для якісного тренування. А у роздягальні є невеличка сауна👌🏽
Однозначно повернемось сюди ще :)

Would like to repeat it again & again

One of my favorite hotels that I really enjoy to stay at every time I visit Dubai. Amazing staff, wonderful service and hospitality. I recommend everyone not ro hesitate to stay at Marriot the palm hotel and enjoy the magnificent view of the sea and Dubai eye. And also to create a memorable time in Dubai.

This is undoubtedly one of the best hotels on Palm Jumeirah. Rooms and public spaces are very well designed and maintained. Pool and beach area are modern and attractive. The food and beverage offerings all across the resort are of high quality and has good selection. Staff are helpful and caring . Overall this place keeps up to the Marriott reputation and I can highly recommend.

Great place and awesome staff - Zubair was a great person who helped me with local instructions and made my visit great

Mandip and the all team were very helpful and kind. Thank you for a great staycation

Honestly one of the best stays in Dubai. Highly recommend for families. Having the marina close by was so lovely to just walk to instead of getting a taxi everywhere. Our stay was made extra special by the staff and the enjoyable breakfasts in the morning! In particular Jane, Zena, Mercy, Amila, Leemon, Dari, San and Shaji made our stay amazing.

The facilities is outdated some what .
Staff were excellent

I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive specially Ma'am Eva and Charlene. They're both ready to help with a smile. The room was spotless, comfortable, and well-equipped with everything I needed. I especially appreciated the attention to detail—from the cozy bed linens to the complimentary refreshments.|The location is perfect, close to major attractions and convenient for getting around.  Overall, it was a relaxing and enjoyable experience. I’d definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone visiting the area.

I just spent time in the lounge on 52nd floor. Stunning view over Marina and Palm.

Honestly one the best places to stay.location is great everything is within a walking distance.,amazing view. Very calm
Shoutout to Rania for her excellence and going above and beyond to serve guests.will definitely.come again for a longer stay.

Very disappointing experience, especially for a long-term stay. Constant noise, poor air conditioning, slow maintenance, and management that ignores complaints for days. Problems that should take a few hours to solve can take several days, while residents are left without any real support. Reception staff are polite, but the higher management is very unprofessional. Definitely not worth the money for the level of service provided.

I have been living here for almost a full year under a yearly contract, so this review is based on long-term experience, not just a short stay. If you are considering this place for long-term living, I strongly advise you to think twice. In my experience, this has been one of the worst places I could have chosen for a long stay.

The biggest issue is that management does not handle serious problems properly. The reception staff and security are generally polite and helpful, but the higher-level management is extremely disappointing. Small and major issues are left unresolved for days, and I have personally been ignored for 4 days in a row while trying to solve an ongoing problem. In my opinion, the management team is simply not performing at the level expected for a property charging this kind of money.

One of the worst situations happened in the last summer, when my washing machine broke and caused water leakage and extremely high humidity in my room. The humidity reached around 80%, the room was basically flooded, and it became very uncomfortable to stay inside. They took 3 days to fix the washing machine, and during that time I was not offered another room. Living in those conditions was extremely difficult, especially because the air conditioning was also performing very poorly in the summer heat.

Another unacceptable situation also happened same last summer, when the air conditioning in my room stopped working properly for 2 days. The temperature in the room was around 27–28°C day and night, with humidity around 75%. While other rooms apparently had normal cooling, I was left in a hot room without any proper solution. I was not moved to another room. The only thing provided was a very small fan, which was nowhere near enough in Dubai summer weather.

The current situation with the noise is another reason why I would never recommend this place for a long stay. When I signed the contract, I was not properly informed about the level of noise and disturbance. Now there is constant loud drilling and construction noise, making it impossible to rest, work, or even stay comfortably in the room. Once again, management has not been able to resolve the issue, despite repeated complaints for several days.

Overall, this place may look acceptable at first, but for a long-term resident it has been a very stressful and disappointing experience. Poor air conditioning, unresolved maintenance issues, constant noise, and ineffective management make this one of the worst long-stay rental experiences I have had. I will attach photos to support what I am describing.

The reception staff, security & bell men were all polite and attentive. I must recognize Rania & Mahdi in reception & Most Mohammed who attends calls At Service.
The hotel apartments are in a high rise tower. Apartments are fully furnished with all cooking equipment & laundry… etc.  Breakfast was fine though not as elaborate as used to be in a previous stay, understandably due to less occupancy. At the door step is a long walkway along the marina where fancy boats are anchored. A lot of restaurants & cafes at marina.

Staying here was such a fun and relaxing experience. All the staff were incredibly accommodating and welcoming. We stayed here to celebrate my son’s birthday, and even though the pool was still closed, he had a wonderful time enjoying the surroundings.||We would like to extend our sincere thanks to EVA, DENNIS, CHARLIENE, RIYAZ, SHIBAB, and ABU for making our stay so memorable.

I don’t know where to start. All seems great. We went there for weekend gateaway and also celebrating our daughter’s birthday. The service was spectacular. Rania has been ensuring our stay is up to our needs and expectations. The front desk team, greet us with warm welcoming hospitality. The room service also great. They decorated the room and we were greeted with birthday greetings and cakes. Hope to spend our next visit in the near future. They accommodate our request for late check out. The hotel is equipped with good amenities and located near convenient stores.

It was amazing experience of having breakfast in Dubai Marina branch! Food was super delicious, super fresh, Mr Shaji was very professional and helpful! Highly recommended!

Let's be clear... this place doesn't offer rooms... but HUGE apartments.
I loved staying there.
The staff is exceptional, and the location is just perfect.

Stayed at a hotel in JBR, Dubai. Location is excellent.

Perfect and clean

It was the most memorable family vacation - my daughter’s birthday. Jamila (I hope I have the right name) brought a decorative cake all with the trims of balloons etc and a card. My 2 and a half year old grandson was welcomed into the suite with a child tent and with small chairs and tables  - very thoughtful. The other guests were extended the best “home before home” experience that is typical of my experience with Marriott. The GM of the hotel - Gerrit - who I interacted with remotely is an amazing person who with his customary aplomb resolved some “tricky issues” to reveal not only his seniority in the business but also his experience in extending top class hospitality and customer care! The in house cafe crew - Zena ( the best barista I have come across ) and the ever caring Akila and Jane formed an enviable trio!

An amazing experience at Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites! The rooms are incredibly spacious with beautiful views overlooking Dubai Marina and the Palm. The staff are very welcoming, professional, and always ready to help, which made the stay even more enjoyable.
The location is perfect — close to the Marina Walk, restaurants, and the beach. The facilities, especially the rooftop views and relaxing atmosphere, make it a fantastic place for both short visits and longer stays.
Highly recommended for anyone looking for comfort, great service, and stunning views in Dubai. 🌴🏙️✨

🥰🥰 good service and very fast

My stay at the Marriott has been nothing but pleasure. Especially during these times of uncertainty the room service that they provided me gave me  some peace with what going on with the world at the moment. I especially want to say thank you to Yogesh for bringing a smile where ever he goes.

Amazing experience

The food is very good and yogesh is cool

It's a wonderful hotel. Great staff. My suite was very spacious, clean and comfortable.
Hotel location is ideal with easy access to the Marina/Harbour area. Breathtaking views of the palms also. Stands next to the tallest hotel in the world.

Best

Wonderful place

Happy hour is such a fake. They told me ohhh yea you get two glasses for the price of one. and at the end you pay every glass. and the discount is a joke. high price for a cheap wine. the food was good, but much overpriced. I was often in marriott hotels, but never again.

An Exceptional Stay at the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites

I spent a full week at the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites, and it turned out to be one of the most memorable hotel experiences I’ve ever had. From the moment I arrived, I understood why so many guests praise this property for its outstanding service, spacious suites, and genuinely welcoming atmosphere.

What truly set my stay apart, however, was the extraordinary service provided by Rania Yacoubi, the Assistant Front Desk Manager, and her entire (!) team. Their dedication went far beyond what one would normally expect from a luxury hotel. E.g. when my luggage was lost at the airport, Rania and her team took ownership of the situation with remarkable professionalism and empathy. They coordinated tirelessly - sometimes even outside their working hours and handled matters that they absolutely didn’t have to. Thanks to their persistence and genuine care, my suitcase was located and delivered to me just in time before my departure.

This level of commitment is rare. It reflects a service mentality that is deeply embedded in the culture of this hotel: proactive, heartfelt, and consistently attentive. It’s not just service - it’s hospitality in its purest form. And it’s the people and tean who make the difference.

The rooms and suites were another highlight of my stay. My room felt more like a fully equipped apartment than a hotel room. It was exceptionally spacious, with a separate living area, a full kitchen, and large windows offering stunning views over the Marina. The cleanliness, comfort, and thoughtful layout made it incredibly easy to feel at home.

Overall, the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites exceeded every expectation. The combination of warm hospitality, exceptional service, and beautifully designed, expansive suites creates an experience that is truly special. I left with the feeling of having been genuinely cared for - not just accommodated.

For me, this hotel doesn’t just deserve five stars. It deserves a five‑star plus rating for the people who bring it to life.

We absolutely loved this hotel big rooms in the suites .
They put so much effort into makeing this hotel as nice and kind as it can be.
I highly recommend this hotel .
So many kind people here to meet.

I was very pleased with the server of the staff and the etiquette of the staff, specifically Yogesh

Had a wonder experience at the hotel . Felt so warm and welcomed. The staff is very hospitable . Naming a few ,Arun ,Hari Jane and the Asela , Asija . Felt like home ....
Food was outstanding . We eat no onion ,no garlic indian food and our friends were Jain. We got our customised food , lovely salads . Te location is beautiful ans our apartment on the 45th floor had an amazing view

I recently stayed at your hotel approximately one month ago and am writing to provide feedback on my experience. While my stay was generally comfortable and met basic expectations, I feel compelled to share some serious concerns that came to my attention.

During my visit, several staff members conveyed to me—indirectly and through general conversation—a profound sense of dissatisfaction regarding their working conditions. The consistent theme was that they feel undervalued and under-compensated for their labor. This creates a palpable tension that, as a guest, subtly impacts the atmosphere what's the use if the staff doesn't get paid enough when the hotel earns money from the guest

Stayed for a week during peak season and the staff were unbelievably accommodating and the complementary breakfast was such a great variety. Great atmosphere and the limos come right into the air conditioned garage

Very rude security staff, very poor service.

The Marriott - particularly the staff at The Croft - continue to be incredible. Thank you to Sayanta and team for hosting us for Martha’s second birthday, it was brilliant!

Absolutely unacceptable experience – avoid this hotel

Our experience at Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites was beyond disappointing — it was humiliating and shocking for a hotel that presents itself as a premium brand.

We arrived intending to visit the restaurant. At valet parking, a man aggressively informed us that once the car was parked, we were not allowed to leave the hotel, and that if we did, we would be fined 200 AED. I needed to step out briefly to a nearby pharmacy before dinner — a completely normal and reasonable request.

We were told “No, you have no right to leave.”

When we went to the reception desk to clarify this unbelievable rule, the same valet followed us inside, continuing to pressure and intimidate us. He repeatedly stated that he would not allow us to exit and told us to “take the car and leave” if we wanted to go to the pharmacy. The guy was showing zero respect to the customers. It is unacceptable.

To demonstrate that we had no intention of leaving without using hotel services, we asked whether we could book and prepay the spa in advance. This was done purely to reassure staff that we were legitimate guests — not because we still felt comfortable staying.

We were offered the nearest available slot, two hours later, and paid 950 AED for two people. By that point, any desire to dine at the hotel was completely gone due to the hostile and humiliating treatment we had already experienced.

Unfortunately, the spa experience itself was just as bad.

There was no consultation whatsoever — no questions about medical conditions, no discussion of preferences, and no clarification of areas to avoid. They asked to put our names on some paper with no explanation.

What followed cannot be described as a massage. It was random pressing with no structure or technique. When the therapist removed the hair tie from my hair, she pulled it so forcefully that she nearly tore my hair out. Instead of a proper head massage, she tapped my forehead and scratched my scalp in a way that felt careless and unprofessional.

My husband’s experience was equally uncomfortable. He was barely touched, as if the therapist was afraid to perform the massage properly. The entire situation felt awkward, unprofessional, and deeply unsettling.

To make matters worse, the bathroom facilities were old, poorly maintained, and showed visible signs of mold and buildup — completely unacceptable for a hotel of this category and price point.

Let me be very clear:
We paid 950 AED for two people.

In return, we received harassment from valet day staff, intimidation inside the hotel, zero service standards at the spa, and facilities that fail basic hygiene expectations.

This experience is embarrassing for Marriott as a global premium brand and far below what anyone should expect in Dubai’s hospitality industry.

I strongly advise management to urgently review valet policies, staff behavior, spa professionalism, and sanitation standards — because this level of service is not merely disappointing, it is unacceptable.

I traveled with a group of 5 persons to Dubai and stayed at the Dubai Marriott hotel and Suites and to my amazement it was excellent. The rooms were huge, very clean and hospitality of the staff were inviting. The areas around the Marina were easily accessible. I would revisit anytime

want to take a moment to personally thank and recognize Mohamed Hesham of Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites. From the outset, he stood out as an outstanding communicator who responded almost instantly to my every query and request. It’s rare to find hoteliers attentive and genuinely invested in creating a positive experience for the guest.

Hesham is also an excellent problem solver; taking time to understand my specific needs and ensuring that every requirement was executed smoothly. With him, I was able to tick all my “must do boxes”, with ease.

Most impressive is his unique balance of warmth and professionalism -  courteous, yet ruthlessly efficient.

I genuinely look forward to my onward interactions with Hesham.

Hoteliers like Hesham are the reason guests return to the property.

Highly recommended!

Прекрасный отель, есть на 45этаже spa я была там. Мне очень понравилось сервис и всем советую

The security service was to much stopped. Behavior , no respect full no help full I don’t how can you manage the customer service. So bad ❌

I was very disappointed with the behavior of this hotel’s security staff and security management after an incident that happened yesterday.
While I was reversing my car, I lightly touched one of the red plastic traffic cones / road barriers that was blocking the way. The cone was already broken before, but they falsely accused me of breaking it and demanded that I pay 100 AED.
The problem is not the money. The real issue is the rude, disrespectful, and unprofessional attitude of the security staff. I clearly explained that I could bring a new replacement and asked them to take my phone number, but they refused and insisted that I pay cash immediately on the spot. Honestly, it felt like I was being scammed.
I have been living in Dubai for five years, and this is the first time I have experienced such greedy and unprofessional behavior.

We had a buffet breakfast at the Service ground floor not too good  but acceptable

بالنسبة لفندق ماريوت ليست اول تجربه لنا  وهذه الزيارة واجهتنا مشكلة في الحجز وساعدنا في حلها الموظف مهدي والموظفة روجينا وبدلوا جهد يشكرون علية   وقاموا ايضا بتغيير الجناح بكل رحابة صدر وابتسامة جميلة وحسن استقبال فشكراً لهم من القلب

Good service...also parking gardens

Arun is good person

Amazing 🤩

Had an awesome experience staying here with my family .rooms were clean, good sea view , service was excellent particularly one staff Naushad who was exceptional in service . Recommend this superb  hotel apartment to all . One of the best in my experience . Thank you

LOVE THIS PLACE. Perfect service and wonderful location next to Dubai Marina and Harbour.  Outdoor ground floor restaurant perfect spot for a burger and beer on their terrace. DOG FRIENDLY!

I loved the locatiom,the surrounding ammenities,acvess to taxis,mall.Yhe proprty itself was large and spacious.Loads rooms and bathrroms. Great views.Marina good at night, and palm.during the day. Staff very very helpful and friendly.

Terrible traffic

لديه اطلاله رائعه في الدور ال52 سوف تعجبكم

Superbe expérience dans cet Hôtel super bien situé avec une une très jolie vue sur la marina et le palmier. La chambre était magnifique, le personnel adorable. Mention spéciale pour Mehdi qui a été excellent. Je recommande vivement cet hôtel.

Nice hotel in Marina

직원들 정말 친절합니다.
두바이  여행중 가장 좋은 숙박이었어요.
직원들 모두 해줄수 있는 모든 환대를 해주고 케어해줍니다.
매니저 Lokesh . Hari  정말 감사해요

Que dire… L’excellence à son plus haut niveau ! Nathalie, Peter et Siddhi nous ont réservé un accueil exceptionnel. Le petit plus : le restaurant situé au 52ᵉ étage, offrant une vue magnifique sur JBR. Une expérience que je recommande à 100 % — et sans hésiter, j’y reviendrai !

We had an 8-night stay here for a family vacation and we had a wonderful stay. Our 2-bedroom apartment was spacious, modern, clean, and had a great view. The location of the hotel is right by the Marina. All the hotel staff treated us so well from the time we arrived. The staff at Counter Culture Cafe (Yeemon, San, Shaji, Zena, Mercy, Akila, Dari, Dinesh) took great care of us at every breakfast. Would definitely stay here again!

Очень чистый и гостеприимный отель, отличное место расположение, рядом метро и трамвай, недалеко пляжи, пальма.

Pros: Great place to stay near the marina area. You can walk in the marina any time also supermarkets, coffee shops and other places are nearby. Apartment Rooms are huge and they have full kitchen. Clean rooms and bathrooms l. Didn’t try the food however my family likes it. Staff and receptionist are great and welcoming and extremely supportive of your request (they go far and beyond). it was easy check in and check out.

Cons: no espresso machine. traffic is an issues so check before you come that the construction work has finished since some of the roads going to the hotel are closed so it takes more time to reach the hotel. The lobby is so small. The kitchen tensile like knifes are rusty they need replacement. One of the knobs of the oven went out but was fixed quickly. There are only one cooking pan for eggs i think there should be at least two. For the gym, equipment was outdated and needs replacement and some leave a black mark on your hand. Finally the hotel is good but not luxury enough to justify the high prices.

In summary, i will stay again if i choose marina area.

We had a drink in the bar on floor 52 prior to a meal elsewhere; the view was superb, negroni perfect and service impeccable. Well worth a little trip up. Not badly priced either.

Location is perfect despite the detur and roads closures..the area is a bit busy especially at the rush hours

Beautiful view

I came for a hydrafacial at Azzure and it was so relaxing, felt like I genuinely needed the indulgence. Tari took care of everything, from adjusting the timing to making sure I was comfortable throughout the experience. I think she’s a superstar! I wanted to tip her before leaving but couldn’t find her afterwards my tea, is there an online link or some way I can appreciate her? 10/10 experience!! And it all happened on Thursday, my skin and I still remember her service! ❤️

This is one of the nicest resorts I have ever stayed at. The guest service was almost overwhelming. A fruit basket The first evening was a highlight. Everyone that worked there was so accommodating and friendly. I can’t wait to go back. I wouldn’t stay in any other place. The restaurant on the 52nd floor was amazing. The food was great. I went each night for a night cap at the bar. Everyone was so friendly and nice..

Amazing view with very frndly staff superb place observatory must visit

مكان جميل

Very nice! Amazing staff. Traffic only cause of road repair

Best

I stayed in this hotel for 2 months. The best in town and highly recommended

The best hotel ever!!

Hans down to the hospitality and services of croft restaurant Had delicious food at croft and will definitely visit again to try more delicious food from croft

Loved my experience at The Croft! Cozy vibes, friendly staff, and absolutely delicious food. Definitely a place I’d come back to!

الفندق اطلاله رائعه اخذت ثلاث غرف وتم ترقيتي الى اربع الشقه جداً واسعه مع وجود غرفة عامله دورات المياه جديده لكن تحتاج تجديد ارضيات المطبخ واسع وفيه كل احتياجات النزيل الاستقبال ودودين واشكر الموظفه رانيا كانت ودوده ومتجاوبه السعر ممتاز يوجد مسبح ومطعمين ماجربتهم النظافه جداً نظيف والعماله تحت الطلب الإطلاله البانوراميه على المرفئ فوق الخيال الاوتيل هادي ويصلح للعوائل

Good Service For Guest Butt If Driver Come There For Parking The Cyco StaF Start Cyco Behave with Driver  So Don't Come This Hilton Cyco StaF HoTeL
When i Park My Car He Cyco StaF Misbehavior Start with me

نتقدم بخالص الشكر والتقدير للأخت رانيا العفرجي على حسن الاستقبال ونثمن عالياً احترافيتها، و رقيّ تعاملها، وحرصها على تقديم تجربة ترحيبية مميزة.||لقد كان لحسن استقبالها بالغ الأثر في راحتنا ورضانا عن الإقامة، وإعادة التجربة معكم مرة أخرى.||كل التوفيق لشخصها الموقر مع خالص التحايا لها ولمزيد من التميز والنجاح فى حياتها الخاصة والمهنية.

Long term stay. The reception staff, bag handlers and parking attendants are very kind and helpful. If there is anything you need they're always available, professional and willing to service a request. This includes the tour guide located in the main lobby.
The Cafe staff are wonderful. Akila, Zena, Cheff (everyone). They are like a family when working together. They create a feeling and experience of family that everyone enjoys. Me and all my friends love starting our morning off with a small conversation at breakfast before starting our day and they contribute to making each morning the best morning. Thank you CAFE STAFF.
Room cleaning staff Ganesh and Puspita are the best when cleaning the room. They are very kind, considerate and do a fantastic job with taking care of the rooms. If there is something additional I may need they ensure to take care of it promptly. Their dedication to professionalism, customer service and kindness is why I will continue to choose the Marriot for my destination to stay whenever I travel.
Thank you to the whole Marriot team for making my stay such a great experience.

We didn't stay at the Marriott we just met some friends and had dinner

Best location, but the service is a 10-star asset to this

👌

This is one of the best hotels in Dubai — period. It’s right opposite the marina walk, which is barely a 2 minute walk with excellent views. I have stayed at many hotels both in Abu Dhabi and in Dubai but this is so far the best and we keep coming back. Excellent service by all. We were very impressed by Dinesh and Akila’s hospitality at the daily breakfast buffet. Also, Jamila from guest relations made sure our stay was very comfortable. Highly recommend!

Beautiful place ✨🥰 прямо очень красивое место если вы хотите прекрасно быть приходите вы проверите 🚁✨✨

Great hotel. Breakfast buffet contains VAST selection of foods, from different cuisines; sure to please all tastes.

Great hotel with enormously large rooms, nice and helpful staff. Location is perfect, with bus and tram stops just nearby, metro stop 10 min away and lots of shops and restaurants around.

Luxury hotel, friendly,clean

The Hospitality is top notch.  I will definitely be back. Everyone here, from the reception to every section is genuinely friendly,  nice and courteous

Visited the restaurant in this lovely  hotel warm welcome  excellant staff and an amazing view !

Amazing rooms, facilities and views.

🌍 Explore, Taste, and Travel with Us! DM us for travel tips and insights for any destination ❤️
Follow our adventures and food journeys on Insta: vibrant_wanderer_rhythm

Rooms are contemporary

Views of the harbor and sea are breathtaking

Service is attentive. F&B options in the hotel , must try the observatory , for date evening or just a casual drinks and bites.

Enjoy

Denise is very polite! Warmly! Thanks!

This is a great hotel in a beautiful location. We, as a family, loved it with every stay.

I would like to express special thanks to Sundar and Ali for the incredible service and friendliness during our stay at the hotel.
From the first day they surrounded us with attention, care and a sincere desire to help in everything.
Sundar always greeted us with a smile and created a feeling of comfort, and Ali was simply magical - responsive, fast and always one step ahead of our expectations.
Thanks to them, the holiday became truly comfortable and memorable.
You are real professionals, and the hotel can be proud of you! Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Eli ,Anna ,Nutella

The staff in the reception is very friendly.

We had a great stay at the Dubai Marriott Harbour. The ocean view was absolutely breathtaking—especially at sunset. It was also close to the marina, easily within walking distance.

We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant, and oh my god—it was amazing. The food was delicious, especially the main courses. The only downside was that service could be slow when the place got crowded.

The hotel staff were incredibly helpful and welcoming, especially Mercy,Zeina and Mehdi.

Magnifique restaurant accueillant chaleureux musique ambiance jeune

⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
An unforgettable experience at Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites!

From the moment I arrived until the day I checked out, everything was simply exceptional.

A special thank you to the amazing team who made my stay flawless:
•	Kartik and Patrick from Guest Services were incredibly professional, attentive, and always ready to assist with a smile.
•	Sundar from Valet Parking was polite, efficient, and truly helpful every time I needed support.
•	At the front desk, Mehdi and Dave offered a warm welcome and smooth check-in experience that set the tone for a great stay.
•	And of course, Rania, the manager — her presence and leadership were clearly reflected in the outstanding service and positive atmosphere throughout the hotel.

The hotel boasts stunning views, spacious rooms, and a fantastic location — but it’s the team that truly made this stay memorable.

Highly recommended, and I’ll definitely be coming back! 🌟

Amazing Stay

We had a fantastic stay at Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites with my group of friends! The hotel room was spacious, clean, and very comfortable, perfect for both friends and families. It had everything we needed for a relaxing and enjoyable time with great view.

The service was excellent from start to finish, and we felt truly welcomed. A very special thanks to Dennis from the concierge team, who greeted us warmly and helped us with our luggage. His assistance and friendly attitude really made a difference and gave us a great first impression of the hotel.

Overall, we loved our experience and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai. Can’t wait to come back again!

Thank you,
Abegail Caingcoy

Incredible views from the rooftop restaurant, chilling with a drink and served by amazing staff.

انا اقمت في الفندق بصراحة الموقع جميل الاجواء داخل الفندق جميلة الخدمة ممتازة جداً النظافة ممتازة هناك موظفين مميزين استقبالهم لنا رائع وابتسامتهم لنا طول اقامتنا وسوالنا عن اي خدمات نحتاجها كانوا جداً لطيفين معنا فعلا يستاهلون الشكر والثناء الموظف مهدي والموظفة رانيا وهناك ايضاً الموظفة زينة قامت بمساعدة والدتي وشكرا لادارة ماريوت على استقطاب هذي النوعية من الموظفين سوف اكرر زيارتي مره اخرى

Lovely view to palm and great big sized rooms with great view

Excellent location and services, love the  2 bedroom suite

I think that I was violated by a staff member at the restaurant
Because I can’t sleep and all my thought are going back to what happened. I can’t find a resting space
I’ve went to the ladies room and then a staff member asked me to come to the handicapped bathroom, he said that he wanted to speak to me.
Of course, I was inquiring what had happened and if everything is ok? But I did follow him into a handicapped WC
Once I’ve entered the room, this person started to kiss me on the lips and touching me as well
I’ve pushed him away and I was so scared
I am putting one star because I am feeling restless and I can’t even sleep from what happened.  I’m scared

Is this normal?

Были с девочками на девичнике, очень красивые виды и вкусная кухня 🤤

Шоу-программа с саксофоном была очень 😇

Staff sympathique ask for Mehdi, Rania or Ahmed.... all the best...
🇲🇦  🇹🇳 🇪🇬

Super spacious rooms with very nice view over the palm and more.
The check in process was a bit complicated. But the rest was very fine. The breakfast is not at all at a five star hotel level. Very simple with limited choices for fresh products such as fresh juices, fruits, etc.
The lift for such a high rise building is too slow and you need to wait long for the elevator. The swimming and spa facility is very simple and outdated. Nothing fancy or luxury at all.

Overall experience was good and it is a nice place for big families to stay.

I had a great stay at this hotel. From the time I checked in till my departure I was treated with respect and honor. You will feel you are at a ritz carlton hotel if you stay here. The location is amazing and specially if you want to do the most in dubai in a short amount of time. Thanks Marriott Bonvoy for having this hotel. Thanks to the whole staff working at this hotel.

Exceptional

Excelente serviço, desde a receção, passando pela limpeza do alojamento, até ao pequeno almoço. Todo o staff é atento, dedicado e muito simpático. Tudo impecável, altamente recomendado!

Lovely team, always going the extra mile. Great service and a super location.

Staying at Marriott Harbour Suites for a month during my transition into Dubai and the place is lovely, conveniently located and can walk around anytime of day or night.
Only thing is that anything around the Marina is quite expensive compared to other places away from the Marina.
Staff have been amazing, especially Arun, Sundar, Shiva + his partner,  and Indira.
Would definitely recommend Marriott for your next stay.

The internet never works properly and room a bit old.

I would like to thank the staff especially Ms. Rania yaqoobi for the good service she gave to us. اود أن أشكر الموظفين وخاصة السيدة رانيا يعقوبي على الخدمة الجيدة التي قدمتها لنا.

اتقدم بجزيل الشكر والامتنان للاخت رانية العفرجى ( موظفة في الاستقبال ) لحسن وحفاوة الاستقبال وأسلوبها الراقى فى التعامل مع الزوار حيث كان لها الدور الأساسي فى التمتع بالإقامة الفندقية مع الاهل ومما يشجع كل شخص بإعادة التجربة والحجز مرة أخرى فشكراً لها بحجم السماء.

Welcome home!

We had a wonderful stay at Marriott Harbour! From the moment we arrived, the hospitality was warm and welcoming. The service was exceptional—efficient, thoughtful, and truly five-star. The staff were always ready to help with a smile, especially Charlene, EVA, Jamila, Janeth,Michelle,Riska Denise and many more who went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable.

The location is also a huge plus—perfect for business meetings and equally great for relaxing or exploring the city. Whether you’re traveling for work or leisure, this hotel has everything you need. Highly recommended and definitely a place I’d return to!

I had the pleasure of staying at the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites for almost four months in one of their serviced apartments, and I can confidently say it was an exceptional experience from start to finish.

The service throughout my stay was consistently outstanding. A special shoutout to Mehdi at the front desk, who was incredibly professional, always welcoming, and went above and beyond to assist with any requests—he truly made check-ins, queries, and day-to-day interactions seamless and pleasant.

I also want to commend the amazing bellboys Fahd, Hakim, and Kamal. They were always friendly, respectful, and quick to offer a helping hand. Their positive energy and warm demeanor made every arrival and departure feel personal and appreciated.

The apartment itself was spacious, well-maintained, and had all the comforts of home with the luxury of hotel service. Housekeeping was prompt and thorough, and the amenities—from the gym to the pool—were always clean and well-managed.

Whether you're staying short-term or settling in for a while like I did, I couldn’t recommend this hotel more. It’s a fantastic location, offers incredible views of the Marina, and most importantly, has a team that truly cares about its guests. Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable!

We were greeted warmly by the hotel staffs upon our arrival and Mr. Lokesh Bhatt was the one attended to us and he noticed that day was my wife's birthday and approached me for permission to allow them to prepare a birthday welcome surprise when we checked into our room. Not only that Mr. Lokesh also upgraded us to a 4 bedroom suite to make our stay a comfortable.Also the hotel staffs whom we have met and made us feel very much at home and Mr. Hari whom took our luggage to our room and took the time to show us around the spacious suite.Indeed a truly memorable experience and we hope to stay again we visit Dubai the next time. 

Great experience… location is good and rooms are recently renovated.

Highly Recommended

Arun/Lokesh/Ahmed/Hira/Kartik as always, made me feel at home, like all other stays at Marriott Marina. Dont know where else to stay in Dubai !

Had a fantastic stay! The property is beautiful and perfectly located. The entire staff was incredible friendly and helpful, special shoutout to Arun who went above and beyond for our stay to be comfortable!

The service apartments are great. Large bedrooms. Great view

Super good food super friendly people. Mohak you the man!

Had the best stay at this property.  The staff went over and beyond to make our week-long stay perfect. Special shout out to Jamila and Hira who went the extra mile.

Impresionante vista desde el bar de la planta 52.

Special thanks to the amazing team that make you feel right at home !
Natalia and Helena going the extra miles all the times for that extra special welcoming !

All the team welcomes you with their heart!
thank you Nowshad and Kamal for always helping with the many luggage’s too!

A perfect location for a memorable stay

The staff were very rude

Bardzo miła obsługa. Nie wiem jak pokoje, byłem w restauracji na 52 piętrze. Piękny widok na palmę i marinę. Ceny nie są niskie, ale przystępne jak na lokalizację, standard i widok.

Beautiful experience in this hotel. Very friendly and professional staff!

جميل جدا

Location is good. The breakfast was nothing special. Staff is very friendly.

Todo perfecto, súper amables.

Rooms are neat and clean but service is down and slowly

A real good stay with very friendly and welcoming staff. They really couldn't do enough for you. Just some of the names I remembered...Dev. Jhon, Arun, Hakim. Well done all.

The apartments are huge with amazing views. The observatory restaurant serves great food and cocktails

Security guard attitude is not good very very bad bahevior.  They are not good

تجربة جميلة واستقبال جميل ورائع الاخ مهدي قمة بالاحترام واعتبرنا من اخوته والاخ sundar كان متعاون وخدوم جداً ولقد وضعو الفندق بالقائمة الاول لدي باي زيارة لاي دولة بالعالم وشكراً لجميع القائمين |الفندق مطلع على ميناء دبي ولديهم جميع الاحتياجات المطلوبة ويانصح به بشكل جاد للعائلات

Yet, Dubai has thousands of hotels, but this property is my favorite home away from home. It offers only suites (1-4 bedrooms), making it an ideal choice for longer stays or families. Whether you are visiting for business or leisure, this hotel is a perfect choice. Right by the start of the marina walk which is an excellent place to go for a long and amazing stroll which ends by reaching the Marina mall (plenty of restaurants and cafes all the way)

The suites have different views, but even if you book the entry-level category (city view), Dubai’s impressive landscape will not disappoint you and no doubt getting a palm view suite is a breathtaking.

Although the hotel has an official four-star rating, the service level easily exceeds five stars.

The spa, pool, and gym are well-maintained

A special recommendation goes to Ali, Denise, Omar, Anna, Zeina, Mercy, Mahdi, and Dev for their outstanding service and all the FO staff. A big applause to the GM, Darin, for running such an excellent property with exceptional service and a friendly team.

I will always come back.

We had an amazing week-long stay in a 2-bedroom sea-view suite, and I only have wonderful things to say about our experience. The spacious rooms and the way the staff made us feel at home went above and beyond our expectations.

From the moment we checked in, the kids were treated to snacks and ice cream, and a toy camp was set up in the room. Every request we made was met with enthusiasm. The staff even went the extra mile to help us celebrate our daughter’s birthday, making it a truly special and memorable occasion for our family.

Breakfast was excellent, and although we didn’t get to visit the Observatory Grill due to the kids’ time restriction, the overall experience was fantastic. The location was perfect for us, allowing us to cover everything we had planned for the week with ease.

One small regret was the view of the fireworks from our room. I was told we’d have a wonderful view, but unfortunately, that wasn’t the case. In hindsight, I should have booked a Palm View room on a higher floor for a better experience.

Despite this, we’re already looking forward to coming back and can’t wait for an even better fireworks experience next time!

I’ve been traveling for over 20 years and rarely write reviews, but my experience at the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel in early December was so exceptional that I felt compelled to share it. From the moment we arrived in Dubai in the middle of the night, the hospitality we received was simply extraordinary.

Mehdi at the front desk and Arun welcomed us with warmth and professionalism, making the late-night check-in seamless and stress-free. We were absolutely blown away by the incredible room upgrade with breathtaking views overlooking the Palm – it was the perfect start to our stay.

The breakfast experience was equally remarkable. The ladies at breakfast were incredibly friendly, and the food was fantastic. The baristas crafted the most delicious coffee, and every morning, they went above and beyond by offering me a takeaway coffee – a thoughtful touch that truly made me feel cared for. Special thanks to Jane (Canada), Mercy (Jamaica), Croydon, San, and Mohak for their kindness and impeccable service.

We also had the dine-around package through the Marriott hotels, which I highly recommend. All three restaurants at the Dubai Marriott Harbour were exceptional, offering delicious meals and outstanding service.

A particularly memorable moment for me was when I accidentally left my phone in a taxi. As someone running a business in Australia, this was incredibly distressing. However, the security manager (Farooq, I believe) went above and beyond to track it down and had it back to me within six hours. I cannot express how grateful I am for his efforts – it was truly a lifesaver.

Overall, this hotel exceeded all my expectations. The staff made my stay unforgettable, and I want to extend a special thank you to Arun, Hira, and Muta Swami, who went out of their way to ensure everything was perfect.

The location, the incredible service, and the amazing experiences made this one of the best stays I’ve ever had. While I don’t usually stay in the same hotels twice, I will absolutely be returning to the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel. It’s a place where every moment feels special. Thank you for an unforgettable experience!

Awesome spot to go for a walk right on the marina with restaurants, public beach  & boat rides close by, Denis the Porter (Filipino) is so helpful giving guidance and assistance when ever needed, a real credit to him and made our stay at the Marriot perfect. We went to Ferrari world, Warner bros studios and Aquaventure park by taxi from the front door (larger taxi needed as 5 of us) about 220 AEU from the door and 180 AEU to get back return to Marriott. It’s 120-130kmph most of the way which was fun if not scary at times. If you can afford it get the fast passes as it saves you a HUGE amount of time and by passes the lines or be prepared to be an hour or more in each

Very nice

Dear sir I will request security staff is not better Please change this guy is not good
Very bad taking
Security guy Name is Wajahat

Great location, fantastic rooms, the staff are outstanding, friendly, always ready to help. You can walk to many restaurants and bars, their own restaurants offer great options.

Overall great experience and a lovely hotel.  Unfortunately they did not recognize our Platinum status.  Avoid getting American Express Marriott Bonvoy Brilliant credit card for benefits, as half the places it will not work, will not help with the Platinum recognition and decline at the hotel where you need it the most.

فندق اكثر من رائع في النظافه وفي الموقع وسعة السويتات وتعامل الموظفين راقي جدا وبالأخص الاستاذ احمد في الاستقبال

We had an overall excellent experience at the Marriott Harbour Hotel, thanks to the exceptional service provided by the entire team. I’d like to highlight a few team members who made our stay particularly memorable, although I regret not catching the name of the incredibly kind gentleman who checked me in—his name started with a “V” if I recall correctly.

Special Mentions:

Jamila: A heartfelt thank you to Jamila for organizing the most thoughtful and heartwarming welcome gift for Sully. The personalized tent, handwritten card with his photo, cakes, and props were simply above and beyond. It was a perfect example of Marriott’s dedication to creating unforgettable guest experiences.

Jhon Cabrera: Another standout team member who contributed to our pleasant stay.

The room upgrade with full views of the Palm was absolutely beautiful and very much appreciated.

Though we barely spent much time at the hotel due to a packed schedule, we did notice a few things:

1. The breakfast was decent, though not particularly outstanding.

2. The room was spacious and comfortable, but I must note that the housekeeping quality fell short of expectations. I believe the team can certainly do a better job maintaining the cleanliness of the rooms.

On a positive note, the pool was great, especially for kids, which added to our enjoyment.

Thank you again to the team for their kindness and efforts. With a few improvements in housekeeping, this could easily become a flawless experience.

Great hotel! From its prime spot on the Marina to the open rooms, cleanliness, and hospitality, everything was perfect.

Special thanks to Jamila, Guest Relations Officer, for making our anniversary celebration so memorable. She went above and beyond by thoughtfully decorating and personalizing our apartment with photos, champagne, and other special touches that we’ll cherish forever.

Amazing massage by Ratna at the Azzuro Spa by Niyama on the 5th Floor. Highly recommended!

Good but best of 52 floor Observatory lounge restaurant for the best views of palm Jumeirah

Awesome place to enjoy your vacations in near the beach and Dubai Marina great customer service, amazing hospitality and affordable prices. New observation spot in the 52nd floor.

Spacious apartments make you feel home. Good area, a variety of restaurants. It's affordable if you're family or friends. A walking distance from Dubai marina mall, boat rental units .. I didn't get the time to check all the surroundings because I'm in dubai for a business, but I bet it's worth it. Fully equipped.

The hotel has amazing views but needs some bathroom renovations. Thanks to Dev our short stay in average hotel felt explicit! It’s very important to feel welcomed)
Four bedroom hotel rooms are ginormous 🫣

Stayed from Oct 10-18 in a two bedroom sea view.  Room was huge! Very comfortable and clean.  Great A/C. We didn't utilize the kitchen to cook but did bring back leftovers, grocery shopped for prepackaged food and made coffee.  Found the supplies adequate and clean.  Used the microwave quite a bit.

From our arrival to our departure the staff was superior.  Dennis helped us with our bags on arrival and each and every time we saw him was a pleasure. He assisted with directions, ubers and offered advice on everything we asked.  I didn't get the names of the front desk staff but they were super friendly and greeted us every time we walked by.

The breakfast staff went above and beyond to make sure we had what we needed.  The food was fabulous, great variety and really fresh.  Notably, Jane, Zena, Mercy, Jamika, Choyden, Ajitu and Susmita.  We looked forward to seeing them every morning.

The cleaning staff were also excellent, leaving us surprise towel creations on a few occasions.  Ganesh and Routi were our housekeeping team with an assist from Fatur.  Very professional staff.

The location- super convenient.  We could walk to many restaurants, grocery stores and the entire harbour from the hotel.  Easy to grab a taxi or Uber from the front and public transport was close.  Loved our location!  Had friend stay on the Palm and they thought we were better located for walking to places.  I highly recommend this hotel for anyone.

Amazing hotel with spacious apartments and stunning marina views. The staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. Mehdi at reception assisted me throughout my stay, ensuring everything went smoothly.

Wir haben ausschließlich die Sky Bar besucht. Von dort aus hat man eine sehr schöne Aussicht. Die Palme 🌴 ist sehr gut zu sehen und auch die Marina. Es werden hervorragende Cocktails mit kleinen Snacks 😉 zu erschwinglichen Preisen angeboten. #SkyBar #Marina #Palme #Cocktails #Snacks #Aussicht

good

ドバイマリーナの最も東側の場所にあります。
まず観光客の方がドバイでホテルを探すのであればここでなくてもいいと思います。理由はここはホテルではありますがレジデンスとして利用してる人が多いのかペットの散歩などエレベーターで犬を連れている人も多いです。
そのため部屋の作りは生活するための作りです。キッチンや洗濯機もあり室内には個別の部屋があります。それぞれにバス・トイレがついているので気のあった仲間と泊まるのであればシェアハウスのようで楽しいかもしれません。
眺めはよく、北側にはパームジュメイラ、西側にはマリーナが見えます。残念ながら高層ビルに囲まれており、ドバイアイ（観覧車）やブルジュハリファは見えません。
プールやジムの利用は無料でジャグジーなども利用できます。
朝食は毎日メニューはほぼ同じ。パンの種類だけが変わります。
周辺はタクシーやハイヤーが多く停まっており混雑しています。タクシーがつかまりやすいのはいいのですがレンタカーなどで動く人には少し気を使います。
スタッフの対応は大変いいです。フレンドリーで親切です。
立地的には少し歩けばスーパーがあります。安く食べられるレストランがあったりします。マリーナモールまでは少し距離があります。

الفندق ممتاز ومميز من حيث الموقع والإطلالة والمساحة وتوفر الخدمات من حوله السوبر ماركت والمطاعم والصيدلية فلا تحتاج للخروج بالسيارة لإحضار ما تحتاج
لكن يوجد ملاحظات
الحمامات تحتاج إلى عناية أكثر
لا يتوفر فرشاة أسنان كما في بعض الفنادق الأقل منه مستوى
خدمة صف السيارات لديهم إلزامية فلا يسمح لك بايقاف سيارتك بنفسك مما يجعلك تنتظر عند نزولك لحين إحضارها

Awesome

Service impeccable, appartement très confortable, personnel chaleureux on se croirait à la maison. Je recommande vivement 🥰🥰🥰

جيد موعاً ما

Good place, good service staff.

marriot was  fantastic , staff is amazing.

It too Good hotel

obviously renovated and elevators take way too long

Wonderful Place and pleasure to Stay thank you Mr Hira, Mr Arun, Mr Lokesh and Mr Hari

It was a wonderful and have a best view, thank you very much for your support and hospitality.
Mr Hira, Mr Lokesh, Mr Arun and Mr Hari

Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites is a luxurious hotel located in the Dubai Marina area. The property features spacious, fully-equipped suites with stunning views of the marina and the Arabian Gulf. Guests can enjoy a range of upscale amenities, including a rooftop pool, a state-of-the-art fitness center, and a spa. The hotel offers a variety of dining options, including international cuisine at its restaurant and light bites at the lounge. With its prime location, the hotel provides easy access to the Marina Walk, shopping destinations, and entertainment options. Ideal for both business and leisure travelers, it combines comfort with convenience.

It was really pleasant stay wasn’t my first time though each time is special,, the staff r great and friendly ,, the reception always smiling and welcoming ,, the rooms r clean and specious,,, special thanks to Arun and Lokesh,,very kind and their hospitality at high level

فندق مميز

I had a fantastic experience at the Marriott Harbor Hotel in Dubai Marina, thanks to Dennis. His assistance was exemplary and made my stay memorable. He went above and beyond to ensure all my needs were met promptly and with a smile. From recommendations on local attractions to ensuring my room was comfortable, Dennis truly embodies exceptional customer service. I highly recommend this hotel, especially for Dennis's outstanding hospitality.

I'm writing to share my fantastic experience staying at the Marriott Harbour Hotel in Dubai from June 28 to July 4, 2024. As an avid traveller, I've had the opportunity to stay at many hotels around the world, and the Marriott Harbour truly stood out as one of the best.

From the moment I arrived, the staff were incredibly welcoming and accommodating. The check-in process was swift and efficient, My apartment was spacious, elegantly appointed, and immaculately clean - exactly the type of luxurious and comfortable environment I was hoping for.

Most importantly, the location of the Marriott Harbour Hotel was ideal. Situated right on the waterfront, I was able to easily explore the breathtaking Dubai Marina and discover the city's vibrant culture and architecture. The hotel's proximity to public transportation also made it simple to visit other popular destinations throughout Dubai.

In short, my stay at the Marriott Harbour Hotel was an absolute delight. The exceptional service, world-class amenities, and fantastic location truly made this trip one to remember. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.

The staff are amazing and extremely helpful.
Special mention to Zena, Jane, Marcy, Susmita, Mandita, Chidden, Mohan and Lisa at the Counter Culture Cafe for outstanding service. Nothing is too difficult and they all go the extra mile to help.

I had a wonderful stay at the Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel. The room was very comfortable and had everything I needed. The staff were exceptional, from Swechha who stayed after her working hours to make sure I checked in smoothly, Vito and Nashibah who cleaned my room and took extra care to make my stay pleasant, and Hadeel who took care of my luggage and helped me check in and out. Thank you for the excellent service!

Beautiful

We stayed there for 2 days. All staff were very kind and friendly. I want to thank Yasser - John - Hari and Schwenna and to all staff for their hospitality. Looking forward to see you soon. Thank you for everything.

Very amazing 😻

Most visited location

Bedrooms are huge, full kitchen with complete kitchenware, my kids loved the spacious living room, and balcony with the spectacular view of Dubai Marina. Staffs are courteous and very helpful specially Dennis, he deserves commendation.. The pool lifeguard on duty is very approachable and is a nice guy as well. Housekeeping did a great job in cleaning up the room. Me and my family had an amazing stay for 3 nights.

ago

Great hotel located along the canal Bank. Plenty of restaurants and shops that can be explored! The 52nd floor has the lounge with a great view of the city! The staff went above and beyond and was very friendly!!

Excellent please for staying with family and friends..

Посетили на 52 этаже гриль-бар "Обсерватория", наблюдали закат солнца, красивое зрелище.Заказал говяжьи ребра, подали 300 грамм межреберной нежнейшей говядины с соусом, тающей во рту.Из гарниров была отварная спаржа.Рекомендую посетить и получить удовольствие.В баре большой ассортимент алкогольной продукции.

Very nice place, nice room, clean and comfortable. Really loved it.

Our stay at Marriott Harbour Hotel was absolutely delightful. Dennis, in particular, deserves commendation for going above and beyond to ensure our comfort throughout our stay. The staff's warmth and assistance, paired with the spacious and impeccably clean room, made for a memorable experience. The hotel's prime location near Marina Walk provided stunning views and convenient access. The breakfast buffet offers a delicious array of options.

Overall, our experience was fantastic, and we're already looking forward to returning. Highly recommended for anyone seeking a comfortable and enjoyable stay.

It is great place to stay

Super miejsce. Widoki z obserwatorium zapierają dech

Clean, great location with a spectacular view!

I absolutely loved my stay at the Marriott. All the staff, the cooking staff Anoop and Kupash were extremely excellent.  Zena the barista was so kind and lovely to speak and have a chat with. The pool guys were class aswell. Rooms were spacious ams always cleaned. Beds were extraordinary. Loved this hotel

We had a truly memorable "home away from home" experience. The warm, welcoming atmosphere and exceptional hospitality made us feel like part of the family. Thank you so much for taking care of us and making us feel incredibly special. This location is definitely a must-visit for families with teenagers and young children.

Currently enjoying our stay at Marriot Marina Dubai . Thanks to the wonderful staff specially Gautam Ray who makes our room feel new and clean everyday . Specially because we had 2kids. Recommend this to anyone with small kids and even otherwise.

restaurant with a low standard of service for this type of hotel.

A lot of waiting and the food arrived cold.

I would not recommend this restaurant, which is overpriced for its service and extremely unpleasant welcome.

Dear Janiipa, Jane, Zena, Netra, Mercy, Mandira, Mohak, Sushmita and not forgetting Chef Anand,

Hi!

Good Day!

Apologise for the late review….was busy travelling in Italy and Turkey….also stayed at the Marriot in Venice in Italy which was our base for our further travels in Italy which included day trips to Milan, Florence and surrounding islands around Venice.

We had a great time at the Marriot Dubai Harbour Hotel & Suites  from 16th  - 23rd March 2024 where we were well taken care of by all of you.  The room was big and spacious overlooking the Jumeirah Islands.  Breakfast time was the best with excellent eggs and sausages, corn flakes, orange juice and café lattes and hot chocolate drinks.

Service was excellent and top notch at the café and the hotel staff including receptionists, bell boy nd captain and concierge staff were extremely polite and helpful to our queries on all matters including hotel services and getting a taxi and asking to directions and places of interest.

Looking forward to engaging your services this weekend again.

Thanks

Warm Regards,
Anil, Yogeeta, Nari and Madam Lajwanti

Excellent property if you are looking to have a leisure trip of Dubai. The place is situated in the middle of the expensive residential area and has some crazy good views.

Very good

Very nice place and good service everything is nice and place clean lovely person

Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites leaders and staff,

Our family vacation to celebrate my husband’s 50th birthday was nothing short of amazing, thanks to your phenomenal team.

This awesome well maintained property with massive suites, in the perfect location was a nice surprise. Additionally, the exceptional staff sealed lifelong memories of an EPIC trip in Dubai for our family.

The assistance and supreme professionalism we received and observed from Arun, Janet, Jamila, Yasser, and Vishal are prime examples of extraordinary associates.

Special thanks to Jamila for creating the collage of photos of my husband and family and framing them for his birthday.  He absolutely LOVED it and we happily hung it up when we returned home.

Thanks again for a welcoming fun filled experience. We have highly recommended this property to our family and friends planning travel to Dubai.

Kind Regards,

Katrina and Kevin Walker with Family :-)
Can’t wait to see you all again.

This hotel is basically an apartment building. My room was among the smaller units — and it had 3 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, a full kitchen, giant living room + dining room, entry foyer, and a great balcony view. A ridiculous amount of space for one person, but I really REALLY felt at home here. You could easily go in with a group of friends or family, settle in and spread out. It's huge. All the amenities, services, and food were incredible as well. The only very minor drawback is that there's not a good way to get to the hotel by car that doesn't involve traffic. Once you're there, you have easy access to the waterfront — tons of great dining and shopping options within walking distance. Definitely recommend.

Recomendado el restaurante The Observatory, tanto de día como de noche. Excelente High Tea!

Restaurantul de la etajul 52 cu vedere panoramică de 360 grade

This place is perfect . Location is perfect the service is top and the rooms are clean .

I had some problems with the AC i feel like they need cleaning . I have alergy .

Roof top au top.

Cool cool stay .. well connected to all important destinations in Dubai excellent experience warm hospitality pleasant staff behavior 😎 👌

Great service and experience! Love that it was not an extremely busy place with tourists. Loved the Observatory.  And the Spa sauna and steam was well worth the time.  Massage was lovely too.
Front desk staff and the bell staff were all above and beyond willing to help. Family felt welcomed by them. Want to give extra bonus shoutout to Mokter! He just always had a smile and willingness to help & to be at the right place when I needed help in locating cafe or pool or navigating the hotel.
I staffed & trained 20+ years in many hospitals, wellness centers and hotel spas and consulting in Colorado(USA) Denver/Aspen/Telluride/Breckenridge/Vail/Beaver Creek. WELL DONE 👏 ✔️

Enjoyed my stay here as a long-term resident. Staff is very friendly and accommodating.

الفندق جميل جدا واشكر كل العاملين على تعاملهم الراقي
اقمنا فيه لمدة 5 ايام
واخذنا سويت بالطابق الثامن عبارة عن غرفتين نوم ومطبخ مجهز بالكامل وصالة وبالكونة باطلالة على المارينا كانت جميله
الافطار كان رائع جدا
اكيد راح اكرر التجربة في نفس الفندق

Ich kann nur empfehlen.

Just next to Dubai Marina. Amazing view from the last floor

تعديل : كان عندي مشكلة بالنظافة وبعد ما تواصلت مع الإدارة  و بلغتهم عن المشكلة التي وجهتها مع النظافة ،  قام مدير الخدمة الداخلية ، بزيارة الغرفة ،، و حرص على حل المشكلة و قد رأيت إن النظافة أصبحت حقاً ممتازة و قاموا بحل جميع المشاكل التي كنا نواجها ، أشكر لهم حرصهم على راحة النزلاء و الاهتمام بالتفاصيل الصغيرة ، الفندق إطلالته ممتازة و موقعه ممتاز قريب على المارينا و أيضاً الموظفين في الفندق متعاونين جداً

It was my daughter birthday and they made us good surprise, thank you

Well done Mr Darin, GM of the hotel. Everything is amazing.

Visited for branch observatory in Marriott harbor hotel located on the 52d floor with a brief taking view, super nice in love with this dubai sky line. So tasty brunch very optional menu of food and drinks. Friendly staff and free parking. Recommended!

Great apartment hotel. Very big units and close to the marina.  Staff were extremely nice

Best hospitality with awesome service.

Saya sudah 8 bulan tinggal di hotel ini, so nice

ممتازة .. مكان مميز وموقع كذلك مميز

Restful and warm

marriot bonvoy !!!! really nice place to stay and nice stuff 100% will comeback here again ! thanks you marriot ❤️

Very good staff and professional especially Kamal from service team. Strongly recommended for families.

Very good hotel.
The 3beds with parlor & a  kitchen for my family for 6days is a top notch.
Grand children loved it.

My family would like to express our appreciation to the hotel staff, especially to Chantell, Jamila, Lolesh, and Halima, for making our short December stay in Dubai a memorable trip.  Guest Relations Team reached out earlier and made an unforgettable wedding anniversary, which surprised my wife.  Front desk for solving our issue during checking in. Shall return again.  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.

Off line maps fo not work even if downloaded before hand

Dope hotel!!

Went to observatory and it was amazing. View was great. I am vegetarian.. food items are very limited. Nachos is a must try

A++ in every aspect. On approach, the building is gorgeous in the sky and the Marina area is just a luxurious area. Once you walk in the doors, the very helpful staff is welcoming you with smiles and works to make you feel at ease.

The rooms are huge, beautiful, and feel cozy. The restaurants are delicious and every meal that I had was yummy. The menu prices are a little high but the 25% discount as a Marriott guest makes it workable.

The only knocks on the property are related to the gym and pool. The gym is very small with limited equipment but it's not too far off from standard gyms. They don't show pictures on the website for a reason but it's workable. The pool itself was built directly in the sun and you're absolutely cooking with no shade available until the evening. These are minor things and don't reduce the star level of the facility but I wanted to give a complete review.

Update: I am back again with my family in December. The staff recognised me by name and the link was decorated gorgeously in the Christmas spirit. A++++

Fantastic

Just had wine and did eat some delicious chicken....watching Dubai fountain show

Loved it!
Will be going there again :)

Hi,
Visited again few months later.
Exceptional staff!
Kudos to Yasir, Jamila and Sagar from the front desk.

Observatory at the top is a marvelous place with the views, delicious food and excellent service

Very nice location and friendly servicd

اجمل فنادق

J aimes

The biggest USP is the location. Nestled between some of the iconic buildings of Dubai such as Princess Tower, Cayan Tower and Hiranandani's 37 Dubai Marina. The service staff is average. But I especially had a tough time with parking staff and security at reception, both, which left a bad taste in mouth for sure. Overall a reasonable experience as I mentioned the locarion is the best part so you can actually enjoy the morning and evening strolls across Marina...

I thoroughly enjoyed my 3 nights stay. We reached the hotel early in the morning 4.30 am with four kids. Last moment due to some unavoidable circumstances my husband couldn't join .but the hotel staff took no time in alloting the apartment in such odd hours. And they very super curtesious and helpful. The restaurant staff always welcomed with a big smile and we enjoyed all our meals there. Mr. Lokesh Bhatt was a great help and his team members  John ,Indra, Denish and fan made sure that our stay is pleasant. The huge 4 bedroom apartment with a sooper luxurious living and dining area and a seperate laundry section, servent room . The list is endless.The view from the balcony was breathing.
Highly recommended.

Quiet and beautiful place

lovely

パームジュメイラビューの絶景が楽しめます。コスパも良くランチには最高です。

Enjoyed my stay here. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. I was upgraded to a wonderful suite and the balcony views were amazing. I was greeted with an assortment of dates and fresh orange juice. The in-room laundry was very convenient. I had a small problem with my room and the night staff immediately moved me to a new room. Great service 🙌

Also, the on site dining is great.

لا اجد حجز غالبا

Visited my friend staying in a 3BR apartment. Very spacious

Das Hotel hat in der 52. Etage ein Restaurant mit Cocktailbar.
Hier hat man auch als Nicht- Hotelgast die Möglichkeit ein Getränk zu bestellen und dabei den atemberaubenden Rundumblick auf
die Marina,
die Palme Jumeirah und auf
Dubai SkyDrive zu genießen.
Eine colle Location mit angemessenen Preisen und wunderbaren Service.
Ein echter Geheimtipp
Ups, jetzt nicht mehr.

فندق ممتاز

Verry nice view from out side the window. roadways seems verry attractive while seen in outside

Beautiful hotel... Will come again.

Best ever hotel visited

برج جديد وجميل مالا نهايه له مستقبل واعد.

Nice hotel and views.

Eccellente in tutto.

Regularly use the facilities. Bhonvoy member with thousands of points, harbour social club member. Treated like a criminal by the vallet parking guys yesterday. Implied that I did not use their facilities and stole their parking. No manners , no discretion and oblivious to the facts. There are other reviews complaining about the vallet parking rudeness! If the hotel is going to employ people with no customer service skills why don't they train them at least the bare minimum like smile , speak in a nice tone . Better off with chimpanzees parking the cars .

👍 good

People please don't stay in Dubai Marriott Harbour Hotel & Suites!
Don't even think about going there and spending the money for dinner and drinks there.
Your experience will be spoiled by unprofessional staff working there.
The staff there obviously has no idea what's the meaning of the word "hospitality", not only that but they also allow themselves arguments with customers.
The valet parking staff has impudence to question visitors for the receipt from the outlets to prove that they have spent.
Especially wanted to recognize Hesham who said he's a duty manager, who despite me showing the bill from the restaurant was so rude, kept preaching so nastily and no apology received from him for being wrong and the staff on shift.
Hesham obviously doesn't deserve  to be a front of the house senior.
I travel a lot, I have stayed in numerous Marriott brand locations internationally but the staff in this specific location is outrageously rude!
Stoop so low, Marriott!!

Best hotel in Dubai 🤍

Great place for a longer stay.

Good location close to the harbour with a good variety of shops and restaurants.

Nice property with a high service standard.  Good location.

جدا

We would like to extend our heartfelt appreciation to the Marriott team for ensuring that our stay was truly memorable. We had a wonderful time and thoroughly enjoyed every moment. The staff's warm welcome and helpfulness made our stay extra special. They even surprised us with a small celebration, complete with a delicious cake, and offered us refreshing masala tea after our long journey. Their thoughtful gestures truly enhanced our experience.

Great customer service specially Arun (bell boy) and Sundar (securit/valet)  and the front desk.  I would highly recommend it.

It usually is an effort for me to wrote reviews, but I am taking time out specially to write this review. We stayed at Marriot Harbour Hotel & Suites at Dubai Marina from 22nd till 26th Jun, 2023. We booked a 2-room sea view suite since we are a family of four.

The property is in heart of Marina Bay area. Upon arrival we were welcomed by very warm staff at reception desk, we found out that hotel had only marina view room and not sea view room. Quickly realizing my wife’s disappointment hotel upgraded us to 4 room sea view suite at 41st Floor. The room had Palm Jumeriah view and was it was breathtaking.

We had booked breakfast and dinner in our package which meant we could dine at Observatory Café at 52nd Floor, and upon dinner time we realized that hotel served mostly non-vegetarian meals and very little Indian in the menu. We reached out to hotel and expressed our concern and the Food and Beverages Manager promptly advised Chef to prepare some Indian dish and serve us at room. Not only that we were throughout our stay served Indian Veg dinner at room. I would like to also make special mention for Chef Saljith and Jamica at Counter Culture Café who were extremely hospitable and took our care during our stay.

Everyone at Marriot be it bell boy, housekeeping, engineering, reception, or restaurant was extremely hospitable and we felt extremely special throughout our stay.

Special Shout Out to Hotel Security Manager Fam, last night before out departure my daughter left her iPhone in taxi. Fam quickly took all necessary information from us; promptly picked up Taxi number from CCTV Footage and raised a case with RTA on our behalf and within 2 hours her phone was found, and they contacted taxi driver and got phone to us.

I am a Marriot Bonvoy member and would highly recommend everyone to choose Dubai Marriot Harbour Hotel & Suites if you are in Dubai for their stay. I would again thank the entire team of Marriot Harbour Hotel & Suites.

Cheers,
Dhiren Sharma

Check in was late in evening but a very positive experience. Everyone participates in your experience.
Doorman
Bellman team
Concierge
Front Desk-Team
Security Team
House keeping team
Everyone out of their way to say hello, smile and greet you. Not "over the top". Just a pleasant warm felt hello.
The restaurant team for breakfast could not be nicer. Everyone with the same mission of making sure you have what you need. Remembered our orders from the day before and made recommendations for breakfast. I wish the hotels in the US had this type of customer service.

Thank You Hakim and Team for the great service

TY for great communication and checking in prior to arrival multiple times
Jamila Mutesi | Guest Relations Office

Everything is perfect
Staff is freandly

Having the noise of the people hunkinh in their car all day as the hotel security get them to stop in front of the hotel (ON THE STREET) blocking all the trafic. They have a parking and could get the taxi to queue there. 0 respect for the client. I do not recommend this location if you want peace.

Amezing staff great location to walk or run morning or evening.
Nice places to eat.

Good for longstay

Situated in lovely environment, with  professional staffs from the security to the receptionist and well organized rooms. My stay was memorable.

Amazing customer service! I highly recommend this hotel to everyone. The service that we received from the moment we enter the hotel until the time we left was exceptional . Hands up for your valet parking service, receptionists and house keepers! You all brightened our day!🙌

Decent hotel, great and comfortable suites. Small technical problems with streaming of phones to TV. But great staff, very helpful.

Perfect

Huge rooms, nice views

We would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to everyone who made our weekend family bonding truly special and memorable.

To the Reception Team — Mr. Ayran, Mr. Chiranjibi, and Mr. Yogesh — thank you for your warmth, professionalism, and genuine smiles despite the pressure of your daily work. You made sure our family felt welcomed and well taken care of throughout our stay.

Special thanks as well to Mr. Deep from the Pool Snack Bar for kindly cheering up our youngest daughter after she became upset from losing a game against her sister. Your thoughtful gesture truly meant a lot to us.

To Mr. Yousef from Concierge — thank you for helping us with our belongings and loading them into our car after a long day of activities. We were already tired, and your assistance made things much easier for our family.

Most especially, our deepest appreciation goes to Ms. Temnit and Ms. Nurzhamal for making so many things possible and for ensuring that our stay became smooth, comfortable, and unforgettable.

Thank you all for your kindness, care, and wonderful hospitality. Because of all of you, we were able to create beautiful family memories this weekend.

Complete gym facilities and staff are accomodating

Our stay was great. At first, I was a bit worried because I was traveling with my dog, and they did not mention that guests with dogs stay in a different building. However, everyone was very helpful, especially Zoki. He upgraded our room from a 1-bedroom to a 2-bedroom at no extra charge, and we also did not have to pay extra for my dog.

We celebrated our dog’s birthday perfectly at this hotel, and everyone made the experience very special. Zoki also allowed us to check out at 4 PM, which we really appreciated. The amenities, including the gym and pool area, were great as well.

The best experience with  exslinent services ...  and the staff members are very nice and very friendly  And very helpful of specially ms ASHMITA from from dack mr Warren for helping our languages  and Jude..i want to say thank you all for your best hospitality !!!

I’ve used their gym and sauna, the staff were very welcoming and attentive especially Deep who made sure our time there was amazing.

One of my favorite hotels ❤️ Thank you for having us ❤️

The creek facing room are beautiful with the view of the entire skyline and buj khalifa, the hotel is closer to the airport suitable for families, tourists and business, the staff were so wanderfull assisting us as all times, special thanks to Frank who assisted us so well during our stay he was very experienced concierge leader, even when we misplaced our parking card he sorted the issues in seconds. Thanks to bala for helping out with the luggage, the team were general great, reaching out to us anytime we pass by the lobby, I will recommend the hotel to all, and I will be back again, see you again soon Frank.

had a wonderful stay at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The hotel is beautiful, the service was excellent, and the overall experience was truly comfortable and memorable.

I would especially like to appreciate Mr. Jone, for his outstanding support, kindness, and helpful attitude throughout my stay.

He was always professional, friendly, and ready to assist with a smile, which made a big difference in our experience.

Thank you to the entire team for the great hospitality. I highly recommend this hotel and look forward to visiting again.

I had a great first encounter in Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek fitness and health centre with the help of Deep. She was excellent and very accommodating. Truly made my day and I’d love to come back and work out here.

Thank Mr Kumar for your nice service and support

من اجمل فنادق دبي الموقع والنظافه والخدمه والاجواء روووووعه

كل الشكر والتقدير للأستاذ كريم مدير المناوب في JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai على أسلوبه الراقي واحترافيته العالية في التعامل. شخص متعاون جدًا ويهتم براحة الضيوف بكل ذوق واحترام، وخدمته كانت فوق الممتازة. تجربة رائعة تستحق الإشادة 🌟Special thanks to Kareem, the duty manager at JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai, for his outstanding professionalism and excellent hospitality. He was very respectful, helpful, and made the experience truly exceptional. His attention to guest satisfaction reflects the high standards of the hotel. Highly appreciated and recommended 🌟

Marriott Dubai Creek
Проживали в отеле в конце февраля - начале марта. До 1 марта все было прекрасно - прекрасные завтраки/ужины, отличная зона бассейна, шатл три раза в день до ТЦ Дейра (пешком 15 минут). Большое спасибо сотрудникам ресторана Дарье, Раулю, Рахиману за прекрасное обслуживание.
Удобные номера с панорамными окнами. Единственный минус (для нас) - окна не открывались. После 1 марта закрыли зону бассейна и не рекомендовали прогулки, поэтому тяжеловато постоянно находиться в номере с работающим кондиционером (умудрились простудиться). И второе - когда у нас отменили рейс и мы подошли с вопросом продления номера, нам сообщили, что отель полностью заполнен и наш номер мы должны освободить. Спасибо соседнему Хилтону.
Отель рекомендуем, для транзита на несколько дней - прекрасен.

Thank you so much sir kumar very accomodating ang approachable, and also in the room very beautiful and clean. Thank you so much marriot hotel

Amazing view and service, the food is amazing and filling and the employees are very approachable and kind. We've received the most help from Yousef and we're thankful for him and the rest of the crew. Will definitely think of coming in the near future!

I arrived at the hotel on May 11 and booked a two-night stay. I was pleasantly surprised when the front desk upgraded me to a larger room, which made me extremely happy. Please give the front desk staff a raise—they truly made my day.||I would also like to especially thank «Jone» who accompanied me to the 15th floor. He speaks Chinese and kindly shared a lot of helpful information about the hotel and my room. His warm and thoughtful service made me feel completely at home. Please give him a raise as well.||My experience at your hotel was absolutely perfect. I stayed in Dubai for two weeks this May, and during that time I visited several hotels. I have been traveling to Dubai for the past ten years, and now I come here almost every month, so I have experienced many different hotels.||This time, I chose your hotel and stayed for three days. From the front desk team to the staff at the swimming pool, sauna, and fitness center, every single person greeted me with a smile and provided attentive, caring service.||The room upgrade made me incredibly happy and deeply touched. Thank you for making my stay so memorable. I will definitely be happy to return in the future.

酒店环境很好 就是服务人员态度很差

Kumor is great man

Very nice place. Big lobby. Nice rooms. Good food. Excellent location. Good for walking. Nice views. Reasonable price.

‏it was an amazing experience with really great hospitality specially at lobby with Mr John he’s welcoming all guests when they come back to hotel or they need any assistance with his authentic smile|Cuz of that i like to visit Marriot Marquies always

Nuovo e molto bello,architettonicamente.camere spaziose e pulite,carina la piscina

Hospedagem incrível com serviços impecáveis

الموقع ممتاز والمكان ممتاز وكل شيء ممتاز في الفندق واشكر الاستاذ محمد المدير على حسن الاستقبال والخدمه

Excellent stay. Kumar was very helpful at check out. Definitely recommend

Exceptional Service! special thanks to Jenicka for being very accommodating, and making our stay memorable, upgrade our room with stunning views. The room is spacious, modern, and clean, with breathtaking views. An abundant choices of breakfast in breakfast buffet. We really enjoyed..thank you Marriott Maquis Jewel of the Creek!

Great experience at the hotel welcomed by bala and aboo - the hotel was excellent and one of the best Marriot properties I have visited in dubai

Good but it became best experience because of Yousef

Very good - Yousef|The room and the service is superb

Great and Excellent service from Yousef. He assisted us from our check-in and until we checked out.

We enjoyed our stay. The hotel is very clean, rooms are spacious, breakfast is yummy. Staffs are also accommodating. Thanks for Mr. Karim for assisting us and helping of course to yousef for being so helpful and even arranged for us to extend.

Dear JW marriot team,

I would like to express my gratitude to the JW Marriott team at Dubai Creek for the outstanding service today. The lavish breakfast and incredibly accommodating staff made our stay truly special. A special thanks to Ms. Vanessa for managing everything on short notice - hats off to you!

However, one person truly stole the show - Mr. Kumar. From the moment we arrived until we left, his aura was magnificent, spreading positive vibes and making us feel like we'd come back again. Because of him, we've decided to hold our next corporate meeting at JW .

I called not too long ago to enquire for a wedding ceremony and the lovely receptionist Miss Riche picked up the phone. Her energy and vibe was refreshing and amazing! Goes to show great customer support is still around. Thank you Miss Riche for your help today.

Can’t express enough what a fantastic hotel this is.  Everything from location, cleanliness, room quality, and the super attentive staff that have made our stay special.  Front desk manager Sanyam has gone above and beyond to make us feel comfortable.

🚨 UNACCEPTABLE: @Marriottmarquisdubaicreek @MarriottBonvoy – Profits over People? 🚨

I am beyond disappointed with Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek hotel. We are in the middle of a global disaster and a severe military conflict in the Middle East, yet this hotel is hoarding my deposit while the rest of the world prioritizes safety.

The Reality of the Situation:

✈️ Major Airlines like Emirates, KLM, and Lufthansa have proactively cancelled flights and issued full refunds due to safety concerns.

📉 Tourism Impact: Reports show inbound arrivals to the region could decline by up to 27% this year due to the conflict.

🚫 Safety First: Over 20,000 flights were cancelled in the region recently as airspace becomes unstable.

I booked a deposit for my husband’s 40th birthday (June 5th). I do not live in Dubai. Despite these "force majeure" conditions, Hotel Creekside is telling me I "broke policy" and is refusing a refund, offering only a voucher that I cannot use.

How can a "respectable" brand like Marriott justify holding onto customers' money during a war when even the airlines recognize it’s not safe to fly?

I’ve been asking for my refund for over 2 months. It’s time to do the right thing. 🛑

#Marriott #MarriottBonvoy #DubaiTravel #CustomerServiceFail #TravelAlert #Emirates #HotelCreeksideDubai #RefundRequested #ConsumerRights

I would like to thank all the team in this property for the best hospitality experience that o had since checking in with Nur and Malka Kristen Ayu manal laila Anastasia yogish marzoug and kamila and Kareem. ||Also I would like to thanks all the team from the restaurant special thanks to chef Abdelmajid Ashley from the cafe and  rahul and Alysia from Rwanda. ||Concierge for the amazing yousif frank waren and Zaher ||From the lounge special thanks for Ashley and Maria. ||Special for the sales team who was assisting us on the restaurant because it was crowded and they made it look juts like no one was there I would like to thank sajeev and  timnet

Deep has been so friendly and took the time to shown me the facilities and all thank you

Very nice location.

Glad to be served by Marriot where sevice at best. Kumar, Yisef and Abhile at front desk are really best. They treated us a family.

I am very happy with the location and view of the hotel, as well as the hospitality of all the staff—especially Kumar and Yesuf. I look forward to seeing you again.

I’d like to express my sincere thanks for the high-quality service from Mr Mosfiqur.  He made the whole experience smooth and pleasant. We really appreciate the professionalism and kindness. 10/10. He for sure deserve a raise. 👏🏻

I would like to thank the entire team for their excellent service and warm hospitality. The stay was wonderful, and the atmosphere was truly amazing and relaxing.||Special thanks to Youssef, who really stood out with his professionalism, kindness, and attention to detail. He made our experience even more enjoyable.||Highly recommended, and I will definitely come back again!

The hotel is closer to the airport the staff was great. Jones and Warren did their very best in assisting us during our stay.  The concierge mr frank was great at the city knowledge and guidance around the city.

One of the best experiences I have had so far.

We had a relaxing and comfortable stay. Staff are very accommodating and welcoming most especially our fellow kabayan Jennicka! She assisted us and explained all the details that we need during our stay!

They made my bday extra special by giving me a cake! It was a superb experience!

I just wanna  thank mosfiqur ,He was really helpful and kind and overall a good employee

Five stars is just not enough to rate this property. I dont know even from where to begin. From the moment we entered the lobby, we felt welcoming faces of the hotel staff. We met Mr Zoki from Macedonia in the front office, what an amazing gentleman. We came for 1 night, but ended up staying 3. Mr Zoki's level of hospitality is another league. He showed us around and make us feel like home. Lobby is just stunning. Mix of modern and traditional, with coffee shop looking like a dessert tent. Rooms are very clean, with beautifull view over the creek. Everywhere I go, I met lovely hotel employees, all so friendly and welcoming. We had breakfast in the main restaurant, where we met Ms Binni from India and Ms Ionela from Romania. Every day they were greeting us in the restaurant and taking great care of me and my family. Food was great, as expected from Marriott. We tried BBQ Lebanese restaurant for dinner, and food was excelent. I would recommend Charcoal Infused Hummus Bil Laham and Truffle burger with fries. Everything we tried was well presented and very tasty. On the second day a lovely lady came and gave my daughter a flower. Later I found out that she was hotel's EAM Ms Cameela from Poland. Every person we met was different nationality. This hotel is destined for success with such a lovely people working inside. Thank you once again from the bottom of my heart, you made such a wonderfull memories for me and my family.

I had a wonderful experience at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The hotel offers a beautiful atmosphere, excellent facilities, and a very relaxing environment. From the moment you arrive, everything feels well organized and welcoming. The rooms are clean, comfortable, and the view of the creek makes the stay even more special.

What truly made the experience exceptional was the service. The staff are extremely friendly, attentive, and professional. I would especially like to thank Ashmita for her outstanding hospitality. She was very professional, kind, and made sure everything was perfect during our stay. Her warm attitude and dedication to guests really reflect the high standards of the hotel.

I highly recommend Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek to anyone visiting Dubai. It’s a perfect place for comfort, relaxation, and excellent service. I will definitely visit again.

القبلة في المصلى اتجاهها غير صحيح.. ارجو النظر في الموضوع

We had such a warm and cozy experience during our stay from April 25 til 26. The staff welcomed us with genuine smiles and we're incredibly approachable throughout our visit. I will be recommending this beautiful place. Special thanks to Ms. Jennicka for warm welcome and Ms. Manal - also Ms. Bini and the entire Kitchen Creek team for being so kind and helpful all throughout. Keep it up❣️

Sooo sooo nice

All the staff especially Kumar, Malika, Zaheer, Yogesh were all very helpful.

Very good service
Friendly staff
Good location

I had a wonderful day, and the service was excellent. It was worth every dirham. The reception staff provided outstanding service to ensure guests’ comfort. I would like to thank the Marriott management.

It’s definitely worth the experience — I would rate it 10/10.

فندق جميل أنيق بعيد عن المناطق المزدحمة ويوفر مواقف سفلية مجانية ، الغرف واسعة والمرافق نظيفة والأكثر متعة هو البلكونة  الواسعة المحيطية وإطلالتها على خور دبي وبرج خليفة ، كما أن بوفيه الإفطار متنوع ويحتوي العديد من الأصناف ، وما شجعني أكثر هو عروض التخفيضات و السعر المثالي للحجوزات .
ملاحظة : يفضل استبدال سجاد الأرضيات في صالون الجلوس ، عدا ذلك كل شيء كان قريب للمثالية

The hotel is very beautiful and the service is fast. The restaurant downstairs has delicious food, especially the pizza. The employee, Ali, is helpful, polite, and respectful. I wish you all the best and will definitely choose this hotel.

Une experience exceptionnelle, une vue magnifique, un cadre de vie idéal.

Outstanding stay on the Creek – genuine hospitality at its best
We had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek and couldn’t fault the experience. Our room was spacious, modern, and beautifully designed, with a lovely view overlooking the Dubai Creek that really added to the sense of place. The club lounge was a real highlight – a great range of snacks and drinks throughout the day, and the staff were exceptionally attentive without ever being intrusive. It felt welcoming and relaxed, and was a perfect space to unwind. One of our favourite moments was taking an evening walk along the Creek. The atmosphere at night is calm and scenic, and it’s a great way to experience a different side of Dubai. What truly stood out, though, was the people. Every single staff member we encountered was polite, professional, and genuinely supportive. It was also refreshing to see members of the management team equally involved in day-to-day service – clearing tables, helping guests, and jumping in wherever needed. That kind of hands-on leadership really does set the tone and models high expectations across the hotel. A fantastic stay from start to finish. We would happily return and highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for comfort, great service, and authentic hospitality by the Creek.

One of the best hotel I ever seen, overall best hotel

Deep was very friendly and attentive will be back!

It was only a one-day stay, but the room was clean, and there was a space outside where you could feel the Arabian atmosphere, which was fantastic.

Overall, we had a pleasant stay at the Marriott Marquis Creek Hotel. We booked two rooms and requested to stay close to each other, and the reception team was very kind and accommodating. They even upgraded us to a suite so we could stay together, which we truly appreciated.

The rooms were very large, cozy, clean, and comfortable, and the location and facilities were excellent. We had asked before check-in if the pools were heated, but upon arrival, the adult pool was not heated and was quite cold.

Just a note on the housekeeping call service: the Filipina lady who answered was quite rude and spoke in an unprofessional manner, which was disappointing compared to the otherwise excellent service from the rest of the staff.

The concept of this hotel is truly marvelous, with outstanding style and design throughout. The location is excellent and very convenient, making the stay even more enjoyable.
What stood out the most was the room quality and the exceptional service from the staff. Everything was well maintained, comfortable, and thoughtfully prepared.
Overall, a fantastic experience elegant, welcoming, and highly recommended.”

Had a great time at M lounge, good service and lovely staff, especially Karin. Thank you very much!

Staff are very friendly and gym service staff Deep was very helpful

Amazing  the staff could not help you enough   taxi service from hotel was always on time and picked us up on time   very clean   just a shame we didnt get to explore the whole hotel as parts shut because not enough people with the war with USA and Iran

Defo going back  beautiful place

The best day ever! Best hotel ever! I really had a good time! Thank You so much!

Deep was cery helpful and it is very nice place

Ashmita and Patrick made our stay very good and well coming

This is my second time staying in here though i have  other options but i love it here
From entrance to check out

Beautifully decorated hotel and really nice gym and rooms.
Shout out to Deep and the lifeguards for a great fitness experience

Perfect! Beautiful

I went there for our university convictions
And the service is very good well maintained and staffs are friendly and helpful

I would like to say that all the staff who made our stay a beautiful one.  I wish I could stay longer but I shall be back once things are ok to experience the desert safari and other outdoor activities, Jude, Frank, ashmita, thank you and see you again soon.

I visited this fantastic hotel where I stayed with my family from 30 of April till Saturday the 4th at first I thought because of the situation in the region we were not going to enjoy the stay. Behold along the stay I came across Jude and Frank, these 2 are best, every little activity that was happening indoors they sent us to which was wonderful. We will definitely be back again.

The hotel is beautiful and the location is perfect to go around town for leisure or both, my trip was mixed with both and we absolutely enjoyed it from check in, we met Jude who  took us from the moment we step out of the taxi ,with a warm welcome offer assistant with our luggages, while we moved in to the hotel,we had a short conversation which really make me feel our stay will be grate,the moment he ask how was our journey and I said it was abit tiring and he said if that is the case allowed me to take you  inside so that you can  get your  check in and have some good rest, while inside we also met ashmita who was so nice and offer us some refreshments while we wait for the rooms.Thanks very much ashmita and Jude

It was nothing less than the best experience, jude was always at the top, getting the car ready for us even at the shortest possible time, he guided us around the old town and Frank made a good number of calls that were very successful as we got all the items as he spoke to the shops online and we arrived when the items were ready.

Thank you for accommodating Jan -
Food is amazing
Ambiance is perfect
.

This has been the best hotel stay we’ve had in the UAE, and our first experience booking with Marriott truly set the bar high. This deserves not a 5/5 but a 10/10.

I planned a belated birthday celebration for my partner a week in advance and booked the M Club King High Floor suite directly through the app. It turned out to be a great decision—not just for the value, but for the overall experience. I reached out ahead of time to request a great view and confirm arrangements, and the team was responsive and accommodating throughout.

The suite itself is absolutely worth it! The floor-to-ceiling windows offer a breathtaking view of the creek, with Burj Khalifa and Bur Dubai in the distance—sleeping to and waking up to that view was unforgettable and the highlight of our stay. The room is spacious and well-stocked, from the large bathroom with separate tub and shower to the complete amenities.

What truly made the stay exceptional was the service. From my initial inquiries to check-out, every team member was attentive, warm, and professional. The personalized birthday touches—greeting, chocolates, fruits, and late check-out—made the celebration feel extra special.

Special thanks to the reception team—Tracy for her patience and generosity, Kumar for safeguarding my ID, and Ashmita for a smooth check-out; the lounge team for their attentive service, especially the lady who assisted us during the afternoon to happy hours on March 28, 2026, whose name I unfortunately didn’t catch but truly deserves recognition, along with Maria and her team at breakfast; and Hannah—one of the friendliest guest relations associate I’ve met—together with Ian, Heman, and Tamir at The Copperhead for a wonderful dinner experience. Last but not least, to the housekeeping team who prepared our room and took the time to create the lovely towel art—your efforts are truly appreciated.

While the current situation meant a slightly reduced spread in the lounge and breakfast, the quality of service never dropped. The team’s consistency, friendliness, and attention to detail made all the difference.

Overall, it’s the kind of place that makes you want to come back—and stay even longer next time.

Excellent hotel, great location, view, and service. Special thanks to Ahmed and John.

Good room size but bit disappointed with mattress quality

Great experience luxury’s exist it’s uae 🇦🇪loved being there for month .

I have booked the Creek view deluxe king room, the room is super spacious, the view is stunning as the room has full glass panel and you get to see the creek.Everything else is top notch as expected from Marriot hotels.

We truly enjoyed our stay at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek! The staff were incredibly accommodating, and a special thanks to Anabel for being so kind and helpful throughout our visit. She really made our experience even more memorable. Highly recommend this hotel for your next trip or staycation!

Awesom. Excellent view, awesome location. Excellent staff and hospitality.    10/10 in everything

Thanks for the experience it was great and the staff are all friendly and accommodating esp ms hanifa and kabayan reception in pool area, will comeback

Amazing property beside creek , has a mesmerizing view of sheikh zayed road . Sunset is too good .

As an architect, I really appreciated the design of JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai. The central fountain in the main hall is a beautiful focal point — it adds movement, elegance, and a calm atmosphere to the space.

A simple yet very effective integration of architecture and landscape.

Amazing thank you kareem and the chef the food amamzing thank you for the hospitality

Iftar buffet was great and the service is good, Karim the supervisor is very accommodating, he offered me an arabic coffee (taste good). High recommended.

Great service and amazing view! Food quality is really good and they have amazing shisha. Kareem restaurant manager is really helpful and gave us a super experience. A must visit spot with great discounts during eid

Service was first class. All our needs were attended to, and the attendants were always available when we needed them.

I would like to express my great admiration for the service, and I would like to especially thank Mr. Kareem Ali for his outstanding service. The team as a whole is truly excellent and highly professional

Best food ever
Special thank To Mr. Karim supervisor and other team ( Ms. Diksha )

All good

Had a great conversation with Mr Karim
The food was good as an iftar the buffet has all type of options

Best location for iftar, staff were amazing ask for Naseem very professional, i will do it agian

كان كل شي جميل ونشكر بشكل خاص السيد كريم على حسن المعاملة كان في غاية الاناقة

Отличная гостиница. Шикарный вид из окон на высоких этажах. Очень хорошее обслуживание. Еда разнообразная , свежая и вкусная

Came for iftar at the Creek kitchen and we really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was great too! They were able to accommodate my husband and daughter’s allergy with a great selection of food too which is a plus! Special shout out to Karim and the chefs for accommodating our dietary needs and checking up on us throughout the evening! A little sad that the outdoor stations and kids section were closed, but considering the times I appreciate everything they’re doing!

Thanks to Karim

Thank You Kareem for the hospitality and amazing Service

Really amazing nice food and amazing service

Nice place and nice views 👌
..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Karim provided a great service throughout our dinner. The food was excellent.

Outstanding hospitality and service – a memorable stay in Dubai

I spent about two weeks at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek at the end of February and beginning of March, and I would like to sincerely thank the entire team for an outstanding stay.

Dubai was extremely busy during that time, yet the entire staff handled everything with remarkable professionalism. Every interaction I had with the team – from the front desk to the lounge staff and restaurant teams – was consistently friendly, attentive, and genuinely welcoming. You could clearly feel that the team takes pride in their work and in creating a great experience for their guests.

As a Titanium Member, I also greatly appreciated the room upgrade that was offered. Small gestures like this make a big difference for frequent travelers and are always noticed and valued.

A special mention goes to the Marriott M Lounge. It was always impeccably clean, well organized, and very professionally managed. The selection of food and drinks was excellent, and the staff there were consistently warm, attentive, and proactive. It was a very comfortable space to relax or work during the day.

I travel extensively and spend around 200 days per year in hotels across different countries and brands. Because of that, I experience many different service standards – and unfortunately, the level of service one hopes for is not always delivered. At the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek, however, the team truly stood out. Even by Dubai standards, which are already very high, the hospitality here was exceptional.

The evening buffet was very well organized with a great variety and excellent quality. Breakfast was equally impressive – a huge selection, beautifully presented, and consistently fresh.

A special thank you as well to the barista in the morning who quickly remembered my coffee preference before I even had to ask. These small personal touches are what transform a good hotel stay into a great one.

Everything was also extremely well organized during Ramadan, which is not always easy in busy hotels, yet the team handled it smoothly and professionally.

Overall, this was a fantastic stay and a great example of what true hospitality should look like. Thank you again to the entire team for the excellent service – it was a real pleasure staying with you.

التجربة رائعة و الاخ كريم كان ممتاز بالتواصل و الخدمة
انصح بشدة

I had good experience with creek kitchen as Kareem the supervisor was very helpful

Excellent hire, great staff, great breakfast. Will return again

Always had the great experience here in Creek kitchen, we are here tonight for their Crescentia Ramadan Iftar. Food selection was great, nice service as always, Karim Ali was quite attentive. Amazing Iftar experience.

Kareem Ali great job hosting. Well done

Karim ali’s service is amazing in creek kitchen.

Lovely hotel, value for money. On this occasion, we were hosted by the Emirates due to disrupted fights. Staff were amazing, friendly and so accomodating. We stayed over 7 days and loved our stay here despite the circumstances - that says a lot!

Nobody does it like MARRIOTT... Spent  a week here and i never felt like i was away from home

Very good place

Estoy especialmente impresionado con el personal. Especialmente la joven servidora en el Creek Kitchen - Thin. Su trato y servicio fueron extraordinarios. Me sentí muy a gusto. Ella merece lo mejor. También para Reda. Súper atento.

Thank you very much for the hospitality!
Everybody is so nice i want to give all of them a present!! 🤞🏾 Especially Gonca she is so lovely i had to give her some of my filipino mangoes!❤️

Service staff excellent, special mention to Rose who is always smiling and helpful in ushering us to our seats at breakfast. Rooms are great. The mall is walking distance but have to cross big roads that are not covered, so it’s hot and if it rains, will be a challenge. Beautiful hotel. The Club lounge is also very nicely decorated and has good food and good staff too. Will definitely come back again.

Всем доброго утро. Я приехал к другу с хорошим с настроением утренним что увижусь с ним благодаря персоналом испортили настроение. Когда человек разговаривает и прошу с сперва  выслушать других потом говорить даже не дал слово сказать. Спасибо большое что у вас такие персонал возле входа те кто работает

Все очень понравилось с самого первого шага в отель. Дружелюбное отношение на рецепшене , нет проблем с переводом. В номере очень уютно и красиво, продумано все до мелочей. Организация питания - браво👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  большой ассортимент блюд на любой вкус, все вкусно, единственное, что не хватало горячего чая в обед и ужин, но только мы помечтали вслух об этом и чай тут как тут. Благодарим Дарью за внимание. Очень все вокруг красиво, что восхищает и радует глаз. Благодарим весь персонал за чуткое и внимательное отношение к гостям!!!

It’s a new property on the sides of creek. Very good hotel. Breakfast is fine

Good

Very good

Amazing service from karim ali on the creek kitchen 7 star service

Ситуация в которую мы попали в Дубае непростая, и я благодарна что отель Мариот нас принял и разместил у себя.
Особая благодарность персоналу, который окружил нас заботой.
Это скрасило все что мы пережили до этого.

The hotel environment was very nice and the place looked great overall. However, I had a disappointing experience with the floor manager, Keerthi.

I was visiting a friend who lives in the building. I was not carrying my physical ID at the time, but I showed my Emirates ID through UAE PASS and also had a picture of my ID on my phone for verification. Despite this, Keerthi insisted that unless the physical ID was present, he would not allow me to go upstairs.

The way he spoke to me was very rude and disrespectful, and I really did not like his tone. It was quite disappointing.

Fabulous hotel with fantastic staff, nothing is too much trouble.
This hotel is a 5* experience at very affordable prices.
We will definitely return and recommend to our friends.

Dear Hotel Team,
I would like to sincerely thank you for the kindness and support you have shown during our stay. Being unexpectedly stuck away from home is a difficult situation, but your hospitality made it much easier for us.
We truly appreciate the comfortable room, the meals provided, and the helpful attitude of all the staff. Your professionalism and care helped us feel safe and welcomed during a stressful time.
Thank you again for your generosity and for taking such good care of us. We are very grateful for everything you have done.
And thanks to the Mr. Karim Ali for always making sure that everything is good !

Waiter Karim n Thin were great

Sehr guter Service im Restaurant, aufmerksam. Danke Thian

We had a great time at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek.  We enjoyed the dinner buffet. Staff members like Karim Ali were a great help at dinner.  He was professional and very friendly.  We will recommend this hotel to others.

Great Atomospher in restaurant
Good service especially from Mr.Kareem Ali

Very good service at Creek Kitchen
Karim Ali is amazing got us everything we need at the table and he is very kind
Foodie very tasty

We enjoyed dinner at restaurant, Karim Ali helped us alot and he is very service minded 🙂

Thank you karim ali for beeing very friendly in the service of the restaurant
I am stuck here because of the closing of the airport
But beeing treatet very well
Thank you
I recommend to come here to the whole world

The service was good. Karim Ali and Thin from greek kitchen and all the staff were very friendly and treated us well. Literally everything was good

Thin was very exceptional. She served us well.we enjoyed everything.

The hotel was excellent. The service was great . One server named Thin was very hospitable and kind . I would highly recommend her service if you are going for lunch or dinner or breakfast. Overall we enjoyed our stay .

During this current crisis, reallly really reallly good to see all these smiles of all your team! every morning first! During the day then!
I really appreciate all! Breakfast is TOP! Room Keeping are very nice ! All accommodations are really really TOP !
Thanks to Thir for her smile 😊

Staying at this hotel, during us / iran conflict.
A very good hotel.
We've got a very nice room, with a very nice view...
Staff of this hotel, everyone of them really friendly. Their treatment is very warm.
Since our room come with breakfast,  we had sebastian whose help us preparing suhoor instead of breakfast.
Then we had Kheerti, whose has been helping us with our emirates issue, and also the rooms extension.

Went for their iftar buffet too. They have a very good wife range of foods... varieties of main courses... salads, desserts and so on...

Also not to forget, theymir impressive service.. the entrance staff even introduce us around, showing / explaining their buffet setup.
We had staff named Kareem Ali, who've been taking a very good care of our needs, during the iftar, explaining more about the foods, and the local culture..  very friendly....

Overall...
Very nice room.
Ver nice view.
Very good foods..
Very good environment....
Very good ambient...

Very good service, also good food,

Excellent choice under

Great service and chat with Karim Ali all the way from Egypt. Thank you.

Atmosphere is very good. Service is great - Karim Ali is very helpful.

Wooooow Amazing, ali top!!!!!!!

We were unexpectedly put up at the Marriott Marquis by Emirates due to flight disruptions, and I honestly couldn’t have asked for better care during a stressful situation.
From the moment we arrived, the service was exceptional. The staff were professional, warm, and genuinely attentive, making sure we were comfortable and well looked after at every step. A special mention to Karim Ali at Creek kitchen and Himanshu at the Copperhead!
The hotel itself is excellent — clean, comfortable, and very well organised. Despite the circumstances of our visit, the team made it feel seamless and relaxing.
Thank you to everyone at the Marriott Marquis for turning a difficult travel experience into a very positive one.

Awesome ambience and service ❤️😍

Comfortable Room,Perfect Service and delicious food,also Thanks to Jude for his Considering help😊😊

The Copperhead is such a hidden gem in Deira. The ambiance is cozy, warm, and perfect for a relaxed evening. The lighting and bar setup create a really intimate atmosphere.

The food was beautifully presented and full of flavor — especially the ribs, which were tender and rich. The fried items were crispy without feeling heavy. Definitely a spot I’d come back to for a chill night with friends

The Copperhead is a gastropub with a relaxed vibe and seriously good food. The pork belly was crisp and tender, the sticky ribs rich and fall-off-the-bone, and the fried chicken bites golden and crunchy. Even the sides felt thoughtfully done. Generous portions, great presentation and friendly service made it an easy, enjoyable dinner spot. A laid-back atmosphere with elevated pub classics done right.

Excellent place to go! Definitely recommend

Had a very nice stay at the Marriott Marquis in Dubai Creek! Special shoutout to Jude at the entrance, a really nice guy who helped us with our luggage. Will come back for vacation again.

Rida was amazing!! Ask for him when you come!

Such a lovely hotel with amazing staff. Pratibha at the restaurant took amazing care of us and each and every person from every department was helpful and gracious and friendly.

We loved Medusa. The staff's attention to detail was impeccable and the ambiance is both cozy and sophisticated. Everything we tried was of excellent quality and beautifully presented. Highly recommended if you are looking for great gastronomy in an exclusive setting.

A fantastic experience at Medusa. The restaurant is beautiful, with a very curated decor and an elegant atmosphere that makes it truly special. The food was delicious and the service was very attentive throughout the night. A very stylish spot, perfect for enjoying a pleasant dinner in Dubai

Loved Ladies Night at Copperhead🥂✨

Great vibes, good music, and amazing drinks. The atmosphere was fun and lively, perfect for a girls’ night out. Will definitely be back! 💃

Room is amazing 😍
Food is delicious 😋😋😋 ever
Thank you Chef Akhel and Dikhsha... Beautiful Smile 😊

The ambiance is nice. Staff are very accommodating. Food is great. Went here solo but I had an amazing dining experience! They have pool and darts which you can play too.

My second time here
Beautifully served food and cozy atmosphere
The food is wow again
Bbq ribs🫠

I had a wonderful stay at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The rooms were beautiful, the staff were incredibly kind, and the creek view was just magical. It felt peaceful, elegant, and truly special — I would love to come back again.
Beautiful atmosphere and unforgettable vibe. Thank you everyone

I had a great stay at the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai! The views from the higher floors are breathtaking—you can see the Burj Khalifa perfectly.

The room was spacious, clean, and comfortable. The marble bathroom with a separate shower and bath was a nice touch. Housekeeping staff like Shreejan kept the room immaculate.

Breakfast at Kitchen6 is incredible—so many options! It gets busy, but the staff work hard. The service everywhere was friendly and professional.

The location in Business Bay is convenient, and the free shuttle to Dubai Mall is a bonus. Overall, great value for a 5-star hotel. I would definitely stay again!

Чисто, красиво, внизу рестораны, сходили в караоке внизу в copperhead

Nice and clean hotel, spacious rooms. The staff is helpful very attentive to details.

Hotel is incredible very nice staff had good holiday here

A fantastic evening, with delicious food, generous portions and calm vibrant environment. Would recommend to the chorizo scotch eggs, a great dish to share!

Lovely place to go for dinner and drinks. Food was amazing and a great serving size. Will Definetly be back

Visited The Copperhead at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek recently.
The food was well-prepared and consistent with what you’d expect from an American-style pub — classic comfort dishes, good portion sizes, and fresh ingredients. If you enjoy traditional American bar food, you’ll likely appreciate the menu.
The atmosphere leans strongly into the American sports bar concept, with multiple screens showing games and a lively, energetic setting. It’s clearly a good spot for sports fans who want to catch a match in a social environment.
The hotel itself is modern and impressive, with beautiful views over the Creek, and the venue fits naturally within that setting.

A new and beautiful hotel. I love the spaceful lobby entrance and the smell in the hotel. Been greeted by a beautiful Russian hostess at the main area to guide me on my way. Easy to access and is beautiful canal view around. Recommend it💝

Poor valet service and staff
First told me to park myself as they were busy later on leaving demanded parking fees although valet parking was free

The waiter GIRUSH was very nice, courteous and efficient.

Great service by Alaa for our Iftar! Would come again

I like cafe Dillard here, chicken and tiramisu delicious

We really appreciate the continuous effort by our housekeeping staff Anil and Amith. They are doing a great job to keep our apartment in great shape.

This location is so calm like paradise - birds, palms and silence. Incredible! ✨ Views are stunning and rich infrastructure with restaurants and supermarkets and waterfront!

Очень хорошая большая комфортная гостиница, классный бассейн! Всё новое, чистое и аккуратное! Отличные завтраки, особое спасибо за суп по утрам и официанта Girisha. Рядом большой ТЦ и станция метро, что крайне удобно. С удовольствием вернёмся снова!

Had such a lovely time at Copperhead at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The place has such a warm and welcoming vibe — perfect to unwind and enjoy the evening.
The beer is chilled , and the food is equally tasty and satisfying. Every dish was well-prepared and full of flavor. The staff is sweet. It’s a lovely place to visit

I had lunch at Copperhead and it was a great experience. The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming, making it a perfect spot to enjoy a midday break.

The food was delicious, well-presented and full of flavour. The service was attentive and friendly, which made the experience even better. Overall, Copperhead is a fantastic place — great food, great vibe and definitely worth visiting again.

Excellent hotel with great facilities. Location is one of the best it allows you to have a great time, to enjoy the outdoor having the best view of the creek.

Location is so great, you can walk and have a great time. The hotel is so luxurious and the staff so attentive.

Awesome attention from Girish and Pagan.  Excellent persons

Excellent location along the Dubai Creek. Staff throughout is friendly and helpful. In particular Mr. Girish at the main restaurant delivers cordial service.

Great Support from Girish

Rahman
16日間宿泊予定で、本日4日目です。
毎朝、素敵な挨拶と素敵なサービスを提供してもらっています。
ロードサイドの朝食はとても気持ちが良くてお勧めです。

Staff were incredibly welcoming, they always check on us and asking what we need especially the waiter Mr. Girish.
Never stop checking not only us but the other table. Good job! 👏🏻

Really love this hotel. Good location, view and staff. Girish is super friendly and made my breakfasts perfect

Girish was excellent server.
He was very attentive and polite!

We really appreciated his help while we had a breakfast!

Special thanks to Aboo for his service!

Very good experience, great people in the M Lounge. Thank you Kenza Mahadiv!

The place was just amazing, waiters very polite and nice also
They give really good portion of food, and also it tastes very good
I highly recommend this place if you want to enjoy a good burger with friends

We had a great evening, the atmosphere is very friendly and welcoming. If you’re looking for a nice little restaurant where you can chat with friends and enjoy a relaxed vibe, this is the perfect place. We had such a lovely time, and the food was really delicious. Highly recommend!

We went to Copperhead last night and it was amazing experience 🥰 Delicious foods and tasty drinks 🤤 The food is worth the price, the amount of it is amazing ❤️ Professional and friendly staffs. Good service overall. Thanks for Fazle for assisting us 🫶🏻

Loved the vibe of this place! The ambiance is cozy and classy with warm lighting and stylish interiors — perfect for a chill night out. The drinks were refreshing and well-presented, and the overall atmosphere feels premium yet relaxed. Definitely a spot I’d come back to! 🍸✨

Great pub restaurant with generous, original dishes full of flavor. The portions are big and everything is well presented. The cocktails are excellent, creative and perfectly balanced. Warm atmosphere and friendly service. I highly recommend it!

John’s service helping me carrying the luggage and introducing me to my room has been really considerate and thoughtful. love the service provided

Loved the ambience, the presentation was beautiful, and every bite was worth it. A must-visit spot if you enjoy good food and calm surroundings!

Very nice food and amazing staff

I visited the Copperhead at Marriott Marquis Friday night and had a very good experience! Especial thanks to “Ian” that was very friendly with us.. I will be back for sure!

I had an amazing time at The Copper Head with my friends! The food was great, the ambiance was nice and Ian was super nice to present the menu and assist us with our order. Highly recommend.

Very pleasant place and an amazing experience in the Cooperhead!

The service was incredible from the moment we arrived, and the food offered - absolutely divine, even for vegan or vegetarian eaters. Plus the scenery/view of the Dubai creek at night - wow!

Delicious food at copperhead. Great service and atmosphere.

An amazing place. I absolutely loved this place it felt very luxurious since the moment we walked in. I loved the vibes! We were here during Ramadan and really enjoyed it.

The dining experience at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai is truly impressive. From stylish cafés to upscale restaurants, every spot offers amazing hotel

Amazing place, and great food. Had dinner, watched a match, and enjoyed a chill evening out on terrace. Definitely coming back again

I would like to share my recent experience at Marriott Marquis, specifically regarding the service we received from Frank at the Concierge. Unfortunately, it was quite disappointing and not aligned with the high standards we associate with the Marriott brand.

From the moment we approached the concierge desk, the interaction felt unwelcoming. Frank was not approachable and did not show the level of attentiveness, warmth, or willingness to assist that we expected. We felt that our concerns and inquiries were not handled with genuine interest or professionalism. As guests, we value courteous communication and a helpful attitude, especially in a hotel known for its hospitality.

Customer service plays a major role in the overall guest experience, and this interaction left us feeling uncomfortable and undervalued. It certainly did not reflect the Marriott Marquis standard of excellence.

We hope the management takes this feedback constructively and provides the necessary training or guidance to ensure that all guests receive the level of service that Marriott is known for.

Had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Marquis on Dubai Creek. Hotel staff was very kind. The breakfast was good, although the eggs Benedict were overcooked. Otherwise there was a wide selection. The room itself is spacious. The M lounge had a decent selection although the staff there was a bit rude. The best part of my entire hotel stay was the front doorman Jude. He was extremely kind and I always look forward to seeing him when I was coming and leaving the hotel. He was always helpful and willing to lend a helping hand along with a big smile. Jude was amazing.

مع الاسف انا من ظيوف هذا الفندق منذوا كان في الافتتاح ولازلت كل زياره الى دبي اقيم فيه وانى تقريباازور دبي في استمرار لوجود عمل لدي لكن تفاتجاه اليوم على الفطور وجود فأر بين صحون الاكل على البوفيه وابلغت الاداره بذالك وهذالا يمكن ان يكون ان يكون في فندق بهذا الحجم والاسم
Unfortunately, I have been a guest at this hotel since its opening, and I continue to stay here every time I visit Dubai, which I do frequently due to work commitments. However, I was shocked this morning at breakfast to see a mouse among the plates at the buffet. I informed the management immediately, as such an incident is unacceptable for a hotel of this name and stature.

Bartendet Dilan  at the M Club - Great personality and awesome cocktails skills. Very courteous and likely!

It was an awesome stay celebrating my daughter's graduation milestone🥳🥳🥳... we love the architecture design of the hotel, the food, the staff... we will comeback again 100%...

Amazing hotel !

酒店离机场很近，附近还有购物商场买东西也很方便。房间很大，干净卫生，服务人员也都非常友好。感谢Jude的帮助。

Was a good experience the service of the breakfast and M club , the pool was excelent , I would like to thanks Deep from the gym , Alaa from the breakfast he has welcoming nice , smiling i saw that he worked so hard and I hope for him a good futur in hospitality

Nice hotel room and nice breakfast! Thin is very sweet, will come again😊

We had a wonderful breakfast experience. The food selection was excellent with plenty of fresh and delicious options. A special thanks to Kaung, who was extremely helpful, attentive, and friendly. His great service made our morning even more enjoyable. Highly recommended!

The hotel is great for business travellers, I find it quiet and perfectly situated and it is clean and comfortable

Nice check in from Manal , always give a pleasant greeting and she gave me a lovely upgrade.

Nice - super large room and bathroom with a tub. Perfect.

Was given a genuine , lovely welcome by all the Club Lounge Staff - especially the very well present Laila. So nice to have her service in the Lounge - made my stay.

Also met Vanessa from reservations - always good to put a face to a name.

Love everything about this hotel, will definitely be coming back.

Thin's service at breakfast was amazing keep it up!

Super service by Thin

Stunning venue, conveniently located and a special shout out to Kaung for the outstanding service!

I have made a separate review on trip advisor and am happy to do it again here on google. I have been that impressed with the Marriott Marquis Dubai creek. Not only with the beauty of the hotel, location and its amenities but the service. Breakfast was amazing and only made better by the service of Thin and Khin. They always greeted me with a wonderful smile and nice conversation while staying committed to exceptional service. The Marquis is truly the jewel of the creek and all the folks inside attending to our needs make it shine! Book a stay a soon as you can make time!

Nice and quiet place, staff is attentive and professional

Affordable buffet with the added convenience of valet service. The food was good and the service was superb. Thank you, Atharv and the lady assisting outside, for the wonderful hospitality. We’ll definitely be back.

Very good service from Mr Kaung

Very good food at the restaurant "the cooperhead", i would definitely recommend.

Sunday roast is such an amazingly experience! We enjoyed it a lot!

شكراً احمد ابراهيم
شكراً محمد انور

Very Delicious Breakfast! Very polite and good stuff in the restaurant on the Breakfast! Kaung the best Garson of hotel! 🙏🙏🙏 Many thanks for him!!!🫶

Amazing hotel, service, amenities and very good breakfast. The staff is amazing and very helpfull. I've done 2 weeks so far and will be here for an other month. A special thanks to Kaung at the breakfast. He treat us very well every morning.

Had a wonderful stay at Marriott. Check-in was smooth, the room was clean and comfortable, and the overall service was professional and warm.
A special shout-out to Kaung at the breakfast restaurant — incredibly friendly, attentive, and helpful. Kaung made the morning experience truly pleasant with great hospitality and thoughtful service. Breakfast selection was also excellent.
I’d happily stay here again.

Kaung is the best ever - food is amazzing and kaung just makes it all better!

Perfect service from Girish and Oshan at breakfast.

New and still sparkling hotel.

Very nice place. Great attention to detail and customer.

Jahid , alors chez dinner in the sky c’etait une première et une mega bonne experience pour moi et ma meilleur amie , les personnes qui t’accueille sont mega chaleureuses et bienveillantes. Ils te prennent des mega videos , le manger et  super bon. Dans le ciel de la musique une tres bonne experience et bon service. Rien à dire de negative .☺️

Dinner in the sky was absolutely wonderful. We had great service and the pictures are amazing.

I had a fantastic Sunday at The Copperhead at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The Sunday Roast was excellent, and I especially loved the pork dish, which is quite rare to find in Dubai — perfectly cooked, flavorful, and very authentic. The quality of the roast and classic sides was outstanding.

The atmosphere was relaxed and welcoming, with live entertainment and a singer who added a great vibe without overpowering the experience. It felt lively, warm, and perfect for a Sunday afternoon.

Service was friendly and attentive, drinks were well paired, and overall it was a wonderful way to end the weekend. Highly recommended for great food, entertainment, and a proper Sunday roast experience in Dubai. ✨

I absolutely love this place. The food and drinks are incredible. The vibe is effortlessly chill, and the music is always on point, creating the perfect atmosphere to unwind and have a great time. I already can’t wait to go back. ✨

Отличный свежепостроенный отель, просторные номера, отличные удобные ванные комнаты с двумя раковинами, огромной ванной и душевой, а вид из окна просто восторг!
-

Отличный свежепостроенный отель, просторные номера, отличные удобные ванные комнаты с двумя раковинами, огромной ванной и душевой, а вид из окна просто восторг!
-

Great food, great vibes, great service ✨ Everything we ordered was a hit. This place is officially on my favorites list!

A Galentine’s night to remember 💫 From the ambiance to the food, drinks, DJ, and impeccable service, everything came together so perfectly. Grateful for nights filled with laughter, love, and my favorite girls.

The hotel is perfectly located and brand new, which immediately makes a great first impression. The staff is extremely friendly, welcoming, and always ready to help.

I stayed for a full week, and it will definitely be my first choice for my future visits to Dubai. The hotel offers a wide range of dining options, and it’s conveniently close to the metro — ideal for anyone who wants to avoid traffic.

I also had access to the Club Lounge on the 13th floor, where the service was excellent and the staff truly outstanding. Overall, a fantastic experience.

Awesome hotel nice location our stay was beautiful will like to come back again a special thanks to Jude who was helpful during our stay his service was excellent 👍🏿👍🏿

jamil,jone and frank we are very happy！|新年快乐！

We had Dinner in the sky, Dubai!!!  Great experience!  You are 150 meters in the air!  The young men who serve you are adorable, fun and interesting!  You atr almost as tall as the ferris wheel!  Dinner is selected in advance!  Jahid is from Bangladesh!! So handsome and reassuring!!  It was a cool windy night!! WOW!

The security guard at the door named Rahim gave our family a very bad experience.Only gave our driver 3 minutes to wait for us, very rigid and very bad attitude.Because of the 3 minutes, we were forced to check out in a hurry, as if we were thrown out of the hotel.I hope the security team will strengthen management and be more humane.

فندق نظيف غرف واسعه بس عيبه الوحيد بعيد شوي

Es algo diferente que se debe de vivir, pero también tiene sus inconvenientes, pero al menos una vez debes de hacerlo sin lugar a dudas

Really thanks for SARIJ , terrific work and nice guy

Very good Hotel ,
Worker are always available
Zaher N1

Highly recommend Copperhead in Mariott marquis, offers a beautiful ambience and absolutely delicious food. Special thanks to HEMANT and the team for their amazing service. Highly recommended!”

المكان فخم وجميل مع إطلالات على الخور

This is a great hotel with many excellent employees.
I would especially like to mention DEPP. She is truly one of the best here – always helpful, very friendly, and genuinely caring. She took the time to show me things and made my stay even more enjoyable.
I will definitely come again.

حضرت حفل زفاف فيه. على التراس الخارجي المكان جميل جدا مطل على الخور والسفن. مكان مميز

Very nice customer service specially Alaa

Best experience and Deep from gum is the nicest person ever ❤️

I visited brunch at the Coopperhead restaurant. It was nice
They also have a live music on Sunday
They are also  serving a pork 😅

Had a great Sunday roast at the Copperhead. The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Really enjoyed it and will definitely return!

Had such a lovely Sunday roast at the Copperhead today. The roast was spot on: tender meat, crispy roasties, fluffy Yorkshire pudding and rich gravy that tied everything together perfectly. Portions were generous and everything tasted homemade and comforting. Friendly staff and quick service made it even better. Honestly, exactly what a Sunday lunch should be.

What a beautiful time I had at the Copperhead! Delicious Sunday roast, great drinks, fun rounds of pool, and an awesome live music vibe. She was incredible! Thank you very much for a wonderful time! (elenaalmansoori)

Md alomgi
Hes so good person  freindly excllent service i am happy wthe servces my room the place is supr and parfect for me agin thanks for md alomgir

Md alomgi he is good person I like him room nicely Mike rally good staff thanks for him

Sunday roast at Copperhead was right choice 😍. Delicious food, beautiful ambience and very friendly staff. Try beef roast 😊. Quality of the food top notch. Must visit place in Dubai.

It was a great experience! Thanks to Frank and Sofiane!

Nice hotel with good experience.
Md. Alomgir is a really good staff and made up the room diligently. That was friendly.

My stay at the Marriott marquis Dubai creek hotel has been blessed. Sitting in the great big lounging area with the magnificent chandeliers, listening to the glorious voice of Lisa Goldin has been magical.

The Marriott marquis jewel of the creek...to all of you who have made our stay nothing short of a fantasy I'm truly grateful.

Sandy , your radiant smile and generous good nature filled our hearts with positivity. Henry and his companions ready to offer a helping hand and assist with the careem and packages : thank you so much. Manual , so friendly , made us feel like family...welcoming and helpful.

Service was excellent and staff were ready to oblige.

Thank you for your generous hospitality Marriott Marquis jewel of the creek , you are a diamond 💎 a rare and beautiful jewel .

Frank and the team was exceptional, keep doing well guys.

Your brunch turns into a huge seafood station with lobster, shrimp, sushi, and oysters. Premium drinks, a professional DJ spinning great hits, and it's the perfect place for a celebration. Don't miss the cheese room—it's a real highlight. One of the biggest and best buffet brunches in Dubai, is an absolutely massive Saturday afternoon food-filled extravaganza. beautiful place, we had amazing branch!!!!! . very polite service.thank you very much ! You can visit Copperhead bar -if you want to play billiards and drink craft  beer! rock 'n' roll atmosphere

I have been here for a month,, Mr. Girish a service boy in creek kitchen was so kind, doing his job so patiently,, daily I'll be there for morning breakfast,, he served me as per my needs..... The buffet was good and very polite staffs.... 👍👍👍

Excellent services and courtesy all round. At the door there's so much positive energy and happy vibe. Everyone is ready to be of assistance.

We enjoyed the luxury of the hotel , the ambiance, the evening entertainment, the walks in the evening on the promenade, the beautiful and welcoming smiles at reception and the hearty breakfast.

Im going to go home and wonder who took my magical lamp away ✨️.

It was a pleasure staying at the Marriott Marquis. The property is excellent and the service too. Special mention of Roshan at the Kitchen who works tirelessly in the morning during breakfast. And Kumar who went out of his duty to organise transportation for me.

Great place with an amazing atmosphere. Friendly people, delicious food and drinks, and excellent service. Left feeling very satisfied :)

The place is super vibey and perfect for a chill friday night with friends. Their food portion is so generous and everyone is so welcoming! Especially our waiter Fazle.

We had our best seafood night at Creek Kitchen. This is my 3rd time and still the quality of service rendered by the Creek Kitchen Team is super and consistent. Kudos to the hardworking team of RATIK, NIMA, RAHUL and ABDUL. Keep up the very good work. The level of service, initiatives and making sure we are having fun with out food and drinks, is amazing. Definitely, creek kitchen is my favorite- wide selection of food, best seafoods in town, and most of all, freshest oysters i cant stop eating the whole night. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️

Now, this is my 6th time, and Mr Junayed is in full assistance and full attention to us. Used Plates are automatically removed, drinks are refilled without requesting. We are so happy on  his service. We see everybody working as a team and do their best in their work with always a very smiling face. Food is always excellent, fresh seafoods that i love. I wish sashimi and king crB are available.. hoping to have them soon.. ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️💎💎💎💎💎

Wir als Rollstuhlfahter finden das Hotel sehr gut. Es sind alle Bereiche problemlos zu erreichen. Auch wenn man etwas nicht sofort findet, ist das Personal immer freundlich und hilfsbereit.
Auch die Gastronomie lässt sich immer wieder neues einfallen.  Die Bedienungen sind sehr zuvorkommend und erklären die einzelnen Abschnitt des Menüs und brachten uns die Speisen an den Tisch. Hier ist  besonders hervorzuheben die liebevolle Frau Pratibha die das Buffet genießen ließ.
Einziger Nachteil ist, dass das Hotel etwas abseits vom dubaijanischen Getümmel liegt und man auf die Fahrdienste angewiesen ist  . Dafür hat man direkt am Hotel den Creek.

Alles im alten eine sehr gute Empfehlung.

كل الشكر والتقدير لكم ادارة ماريوت من الاستقبال منذ البداية حتى اليوم خروج من الفندق وبالاخص الاخت في الاستقبال منال على حسن الاستقبال والاهتمام والمساعدة في خدمة الزوار الفندق شكراً جزيلاً لكم واتمنى لكم دوام التقدم والازدهار 🌹

مزعج بسبب الموسيقى العالية التي تشغل في كافة أرجاء الفندق طوال الوقت

Bbq brothers served by Himansu...Great food. Excellent service...definitely will comeback with full members of Family.

خدمه ممتازه قاعه جميله فندق رائع علاء

Thank you Alaa for the support provided during our meeting. He was really helpful with all the arrangements.

MD Alomgir is very good and very caring!

Good quality ( but not the food )
Good team, friendly and very helpful
Thanks( Kumar, Bala and Hayat )

Staff very friendly and helpful. Attentive to details.

このホテルの人たちはみなさん親切で接客もすごく丁寧です。疲れていた時、jamilという方に気が聞く対応をして頂き心にしたました。とても良い思い出になりました。ありがとうございます。

This hotel is wonderful the staff are really amazing you won’t go wrong at this hotel

Nice hotel with sufficient facilities.  Only a 7 mins walk to the nearest newest shopping mall.

Great place to stay - affordable, beautiful, and close to the airport for frequent travelers! Dinner was excellent and Fazl our server was tremendous. Highly recommend!

酒店設施齊全，鄰近地鐵站

Bell’albergo, stanze grandi, pulite, letto molto confortevole. Palestra grandina e ben attrezzata. Ristoranti interni all’albergo buoni. Mi e’ piaciuto soggiornare in questa zona. I taxi hanno prezzi modici e con l’equivalente di 10/15 euro puoi raggiungere tutte le principali attrazioni, dalla zona della fontana di dubai ai quartieri tradizionali di deira, stando in un posto tranquillo e defilato rispetto al traffico convulsivo di Dubai

Thanks Diksha

Amazing experience at Creek Kitchen!
The food was absolutely delicious with a great variety and excellent quality across the buffet. Everything was fresh, well-prepared, and beautifully presented.
A special thank you to Diksha for the outstanding service.

Прекрасный бар the Copperhead в отеле. С красивым интерьером и живой музыкой. Мне понравилось еда и обслуживание.  Очень красивый голос у артистки. Хорошая акустика. Рекомендую к посещению.

Great place for a relaxed brunch. Delicious food, attentive service, and live music that creates a really pleasant atmosphere. Perfect spot to enjoy good food, good vibes, and stay a little longer.

Visited bar The Copper Head on this hotel. I really liked this place! Perfect for relaxing after a hard day, cozy, good staff and deliciously cooked beef, there is calm live music, I recommend to visit 🤩

Copperhead at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek was an incredible experience — beautiful atmosphere, top-tier service, and genuinely outstanding food. Everything felt polished and intentional without being stuffy, making it perfect for a business dinner or a special night out. The quality, presentation, and overall energy were spot on, and it’s easily a place I’d go back to and recommend.

The service was good just that the apartment units are at a different block so there is a short walk over. But it wasn't bad at all, since the buildings are a linked. There's a mall that is 15mins short walk away which is nice walking to in the evening when it isn't too hot. If you'll like a place that is comfortable, clean and affordable, this is definitely worth it. But it's a little further away from the city but really 20mins car ride over is fine.

Tres belle accueil le personnel très courtois et serviable  vue que nous parlons pas anglais merci tous spécialement à Sofiane et Jaune

Food was amazing and so was the staff Deeksha 💖

Vraiment impeccable 🥰🥰

Excellent hotel and venue for hosting meetings ans events.

Fazle and  sezim  are very accommodating when it comes to services ☺️ we appreciate that so much! That's why we keep coming back here Marriot marquis dubai creek. The copperhead😌

Perfect place , amazing seafood buffet on Friday night , ask for Dilzar, she is very friendly , helpful and professional , the food is very good and lot of varieties as well as a full dessert buffet.

It was very nice and food was good. The Fazle is so frendly and I enjoy it a lot!

Raju,nima,jahid,chef sudip,yeasin they were amazing very professional and kind and the service was top notch thank you for the amazing experience unforgettable 🥰

We came on a Friday when it was seafood night.  The variety of food is excellent.  Customer Service is amazing plus there is live entertainment.  Diksha was very helpful and attentive.  Will definitely recommend and will come back for sure.  The freshly grilled lobster was superb!

Imam Nima chef sudip and bishal were amazing.
Th service was spectacular. Love the experience give it a 10.. Love dine in the sky

Alaa is the best
Very good in service for our workshop

It was a very nice experience and I need to give special thanks to Alaa who was the hero of the day who was very nice and helpful to us

Alaa os number one , nice person , always smile

Thank you, Alaa who helped us to make the day special

Dinner was very good and service by Shubham and the team was excellent

I really enjoyed the gym, also the space in the place.

Raju,Nima,jahid,chef sudip,harash were all great .. made my 40 th bday feel special… awesome

Imam Nima and chef sudip were awesome amazing service

Thanks to Dilzar for good service.  We will come back.

Imam Nima and chef sudip made our experience top nice.... good food and the best service.
We will be back✈️😀

Superb stay and food and super staff very halp ful very kind ... Aamir is good

The stay is amazing but the cireage recipetion is v weak and bad attitude specially Kumar

Jewel of the creek, we loved it

Best experience

Raju ,nima,jahid,chef sudip thanks for the amazing night, food was lovely!

Raju ,jahid,nima,chef sudip  they were very very kind and good to us. Big pleasure

Service magnifique et dilzar est vraiment top 👍
Merci

Raju very friendly ,jahid,nima,chef Sudip
Very nice experience. Great view and tasty food. Must try in Dubai.

Very good😄 imam  he taking a nice picture and video

A very pleasant and quiet place with a large selection of drinks at the bar, delicious food. I also really enjoyed the performance and the live music.

Sunday Roast
I had a fantastic Sunday at The Copperhead at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The Sunday Roast was excellent, and I especially loved the pork dish, which is quite rare to find in Dubai — perfectly cooked, flavorful, and very authentic. The quality of the roast and classic sides was outstanding.

The atmosphere was relaxed and welcoming, with live entertainment and a singer who added a great vibe without overpowering the experience. It felt lively, warm, and perfect for a Sunday afternoon.

Service was friendly and attentive, drinks were well paired, and overall it was a wonderful way to end the weekend. Highly recommended for great food, entertainment, and a proper Sunday roast experience in Dubai. ✨

Отличный отель у залива с атмосферой спокойствия

Marriott Creek Dubai — очень приятный отель с прекрасным расположением на берегу залива. Здесь чувствуется спокойствие и комфорт: нет лишней суеты, всё продумано для расслабленного отдыха.

Понравилась прогулочная зона вдоль воды с красивыми видами на залив и яхты — идеально для утренних и вечерних прогулок. Сам отель стильный и ухоженный, с красивыми общественными зонами и уютной атмосферой.

Обслуживание на хорошем уровне — внимательное и профессиональное, персонал старается сделать пребывание максимально комфортным. В целом остались очень приятные впечатления.

С удовольствием вернёмся снова и с уверенностью рекомендуем этот отель тем, кто ценит спокойный отдых, красивые виды и качество сервиса ✨

You wouldn’t know this place is here,  gem found in the heart of Dubai, fantastic views, amazing food, and great coffee.  Good WiFi speed too!

Will be back 😊

Wow  very nice

Had a wonderful evening brunch at the Marriott Marquis in Dubai Creek and can highly recommend the experience. Made all the more special by the exceptional customer service we received from Abishek. Such an attentive service and all our requests were preempted before we could even ask. His dedication and commitment to the customer was simply outstanding and such service at this level is hard to come by in Dubai. I hope he receives the recognition he truly deserves from the management and his exemploray attitude to work is simply amazing. Many thanks Abishek for making our evening all the more special and I look forward to returning again in the near future.

Raju,jahid,Nima,chef sudip,dipesh were we some and made m eel special celebrating my birthday!

Raju’nima ,jahid,chef sudip,dipesh good job

Raju was our waiter and he did very good job here I really appreciate him and his service 10/10 service

Mr. J
HENRY IS VERY HELPFUL

We have had another wonderful time at the Nautiluna brunch and it’s all thanks to Abhishek. How wonderful is he? He is so happy, helpful and preemptive. He helped set up birthday balloons without being asked and sorted our friend with his discount. We will keep coming here as long as Abhishek is here.

My stay at this hotel was amazing, breakfast was diverse with many options and very clean, all the staff are very friendly, but the extra bed we asked for was very uncomfortable, as the mattress was rock-solid. We found out that sleeping on the sofa was more comfortable than the extra bed. Otherwise, our stay was awesome, and would come again. (this is our 4th stay here)

What a great time. I always come here when I visit Dubai. It feels so homey. The service, the attention to details and the staff are amazing.

It was a great hotel experience in Dubai, quiet location, modern facility, charming staff and great value of price.

Special thanks to front desk lady, and sweet Miss Athary Elyse and her team from breakfast restaurant taking care of me and my friends during our stay ;) highly recommend the lovely hotel!

Вкусный ужин и большие порции блюд
Рекомендую ❤️

Nice atmosphere and good vibes

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Спокойная роскошь и идеальное расположение

Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek — это настоящий оазис спокойствия и элегантной роскоши. Отель расположен прямо на берегу залива, с прекрасной прогулочной зоной вдоль побережья и яхт — идеальное место для неспешных прогулок и отдыха от городской суеты.

Очень понравилась атмосфера: здесь тихо, красиво и комфортно, без лишнего шума и толп. Лобби просторное, стильное и визуально очень приятное — создаёт ощущение уюта и высокого уровня с первых минут.

Это место идеально подойдёт тем, кто ценит спокойный, статусный отдых, эстетику и качественный сервис. Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek оставил исключительно тёплые впечатления.

Обязательно вернёмся снова — отель, в который хочется возвращаться ❤️

A very well-designed hotel with an elegant vibe. The restaurants are impressive and add so much charm to the place.

A beautifully designed hotel with a very elegant atmosphere. The restaurants inside are stunning, each with its own unique style. Definitely a place that stands out.

Thank you sor the superb service to specially to Manpreet, Umesh, nishant & Aala for taking care of our event.

I was really surprised my this place… beautiful hotel and beautiful restaurants.

Such a good night at Copperhead at Marriott Parkview by the Creek. Amazing food, good drinks, and the DJ played great music. Perfect spot for a girls’ night or a fun night out with friends.

I had a great night at Copperhead, Marriott Parkview by the Creek. The food was outstanding, the drinks were great, and the DJ’s music really set the mood. Definitely recommend it for a girls’ night out or a fun evening with friends.

Loved Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek — great vibe, beautiful place, and I had an amazing time with my friends. Would come again!

Great vibes, amazing music, and top-notch service! The atmosphere was perfect, and the drinks were absolutely delicious. A fantastic spot for a great night out — highly recommended!

really enjoyed my visit to Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek — 10/10. The place is stylish, the vibe is relaxing, and it’s perfect for spending time with friends. Service was great and the whole experience felt premium. I’d definitely come back!

Hotel location easy to find. Food and food drinks so delicious and in the bar. We went there for Medusa night and had fun with entertainment and good music. Thx was 😉

Great hotel. There is good restaurants and bar with inrerteinment (dj and dancers). Delicious food and beverages. Easy location. Thank you for great experience!

Raju ,nima,chef sudip,bisal where really Amazing . Especially Raju 10/10 very kind and helpful with big smile . It was such an amazing experience . I love the food . The view is amazing ❤️I definitely recommend this adventure.

I had a wonderful stay at the Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek, but what truly made it special was the outstanding service in the Executive Lounge.
A huge shout-out to Dylan, the bartender, who is simply exceptional. His cocktail-making skills are top-notch; every drink he prepared was perfectly balanced and crafted with great professionality. It is rare to find such talent and attention to detail.
The entire team, especially Raul and Mariam, went above and beyond to make me feel welcome. They completely surprised me with a delicious chocolate cake for my birthday—a thoughtful gesture that I truly appreciated.
Professionalism, warmth, and great mixology: Dylan, Raul, and Mariam are a credit to this hotel. I can’t wait to come back!

Amazing place!!

Exceptional Service, Best value , great location , well trained and knowledgeable staff they know what they are doing especially Ashmita 👍🏿

فندق جديد وموقع مميز على خور دبي منطقة حديثه في تطوير خور دبي الفندق خمس نجوم وكبير والغرف واسعه يمتاز بالقرب من سيتي سنتر ديرة والمنطقة المركزة لدبي سوق الذهب وسوق نايف .. الخدمات جيدة ويوجد نادي صحي ومسبح وسبا ومطعم باربكيو في الساحة الخلفية في الهواء الطلق ورائحة الحطب تشعر بالاجواء الشتوية الباردة.. الفندق جداً ممتاز

Jude was fantastic. Welcoming and quick to respond to assistance.

Nice hotel with a great atmosphere. Special thanks to the receptionist Yogesh for his kindness and help in changing my room. I really appreciated his support. I will definitely return to this hotel.

Very nice hotel. Service is very good. Rooms are spacious and well furnished.

Amazing experience. Chef Sudip, Waiter Raju, Nima and Dipesh were supportive and provided the best food service during this experience. The food was delicious. The safety representative Mahdi ensured that everything perfect and that no issues occurred at all times even though we were concerned with the wind. He reassured we were safe.

Henry has been very helpful and polite, very inviting and approachable, the hotel has been stunning for the food to the views to the stunning rooms

We had a great experience at your hotel thanks very much to jude for hıs service was excellent thank him for that

Everything amazing. Bala
We would like to come back for next stay sure
Once again thank you Mr Bala for your great hospitality
Thank you so much

My friends and I had a great experience at Marriott marquis Dubai creek thanks for all the staff and to mr Jude for his support

Everything is Perfect! Top Service from reda and Baptist and Ariane eleyse see u. Next time ❤️❤️❤️❤️

Ein traumhaftes Hotel mit winderschönem Blick. Super Service!

Great experience
.
The Copper Head is great, Ian really looked after us.

Had an event .. team was very cooperative, helpful (alae and umesh) were very amazing support

I always come to this hotel, and the team is amazing. Special thanks to Ashmita, she is really kind and always helps me whenever I need. The whole team is very professional and friendly. Great job to everyone! 👍

Amazing hotel, nice rooms and service as well very professional, thanks to Zaher and sandy for the warm hospitality

Very good hotel so confertable all stuff very kind people

I was at a restaurant watching Jo Labero's show, and it was absolutely incredible! So many emotions and impressions! Thank you! This is the first time I've seen a show like this in real life.

Raju ,chef sudip ,yeasin were great hosts, very happy to help us take photos and give us a great experience. It was a beautiful view of Dubai from up there

Went to Joe Labero magic show. It was amazing. The atmosphere was so nice. Magic was fuuun!
The copperhead is an amazing bar. Definitely recommend.

The Copper Head -  nice place!
Magic Show Joe Labero - it was amazing!
I really enjoy it!
We visited  with friends😀
We will back exactly 💯

The rooms are very nice and the ambience just wow👌it was a great coincidence that I met my freind whom I been knowing from last 10years from Jw mariott deira Mr.Zaher he is very hospitable guy very friendly he showed me multiple rooms and explained me very nicely he's very polite and a honest guy thanks to zaher and team 🫶

Very nice & lovely experience to stay here with the scenery environment & cleanliness hotel i ever seen than before,in Dubai.the menu of food & beverages are great 👍🏻 & very satisfied with the reasonable prices.Adter this want come back again,bring all my staff here For them to experience the feelings of us

The Food was Amazing raju nima chef sudip was excelente service

Raju ,nima,chef sudip, experience is excellent for attention is very good

REDA-5-Star Service

Excellent Food & Service at the restaurant from my server, Reda!
He went beyond all expectations giving me  5-Star service.

Very nice modern hotel, spacious rooms, very clean and quiet. Most remarkable is the friendly staff, especially Sandy in the lobby, who helped us with all our questions.

Very nice hotel and service. I would like to mentioned Zaher the bellman. Who gave very good service.

这家酒店整体环境非常优美，服务非常热情到位，细心。我们的团队在这里参加划龙舟的训练比赛。唯一的遗憾就是在。海里面发现很大块的塑料垃圾，我已经提醒了店员，他们非常热心的说马上会处理。

The copper head  such a cozy and lovely place!
The atmosphere is incredibly warm and welcoming. A wonderful girl was singing live — her voice was absolutely beautiful

There was live music, and we even ordered a song  it was an unforgettable experience, truly magical

The food was also very tasty. Everything was just perfect.
Definitely a place we want to come back to ✨

My stay at the Marriott Crete Dubai was unforgettable. From the very first moment, I felt genuinely cared for — the staff delivered a level of hospitality that rivals the finest five-star resorts in the city.
The room was elegant, serene, and meticulously maintained. Every detail felt intentional.

The dining experience deserves special praise: refined dishes, beautiful presentation, and service that was simply exceptional. My cutlery was replaced after each course — a level of attention I haven’t seen even in Dubai’s most luxurious restaurants.

The entire atmosphere of the hotel blends comfort, sophistication, and effortless luxury. I left feeling recharged and already looking forward to my next stay.

We had a great dining experience at Marriott Marquis Dubai Creek. The atmosphere was modern and relaxed, with a polished yet welcoming vibe that makes it a nice spot for both casual dining and special occasions. We tried the vegan burger, calamari, and truffle croquettes, and everything was well prepared and flavorful. The vegan burger was surprisingly filling and well seasoned, the calamari was crispy and light without being greasy, and the truffle croquettes stood out with their rich, earthy flavor and perfectly crunchy exterior. The food felt thoughtfully made and nicely balanced, showing good variety and quality. Combined with the stylish setting and pleasant service, the experience felt refined but comfortable. Overall, it was an enjoyable meal and a place we’d happily visit again.

פעם שנייה פה , שירות מצויין וארוחת בוקר טעימה מאוד.

Very good place with reasonable price

great location and service

Very disappointing experience, my suitcase lost from the bellman, mini bar is not working, and the coffee machine in the room also is not working. It took more than 20 minutes for the front desk to respond and I waited another 20 minutes for them to at least change this weird room and no response till now on my lost suitcase!

I enjoyed my stay there,

God nice so beautiful

Je ne sais pas par quoi commencer tellement cet hôtel est exceptionnel. Les chambres sont parfaites. Le service est parfait. La nourriture est parfaite. La piscine est parfaite .Tout est parfait. Le service voiturier est parfait. On s’y sent comme à la maison. La chambre est équipée au complet, machine à café set de rasage, de soins. Le personnel est très agréable et aux petits soins. Il y a un service de nettoyage mi-journée et un autre vers 20 heures avec des petites dates au chocolat, ils ont vu qu’on les aimait bien et ils nous ont donné le double voir triple. Un grand merci

Amazing experience

An excellent place for stay and business gathering.

We visited a beautiful restaurant with an amazing panoramic view of the whole Dubai skyline. The atmosphere was cozy and elegant, especially in the evening when all the city lights turned on

We were in Dubai for one week on business and JW is perfect choice. The customer service s 5**, daily housekeeping wasn't necessarily but very much appreciated. Executive lounge has been a saviour for us around work meetings.
Thank you! Until next time

good

Good response and also service... Prakash Housekeeping manager suggest few places and very friendly moving...|JW Marriott Housekeeping team doing great job, appreciate entire hotel service.

Awesome 😎👍

5ive star beautiful hotel

Excellent

V good

جميل جدا

Good

Horrible customer service! I highly recommend you don’t stay here. Worst hotel I have ever stayed at horrible, horrible, horrible. PLEASE do your self a favor and reconsider

I would like to share my appreciation for Kushal, who has been working at the pool area. His hospitality and kindness truly stood out during my visit. He was always attentive, welcoming, and ready to help with a warm smile, which made the experience even more enjoyable.||Kushal consistently demonstrated a positive attitude and genuine care for guests, ensuring everyone felt comfortable and well taken care of. His professionalism combined with his friendly nature reflects very well on the overall service quality.||Thank you, Kushal, for your excellent service and for going the extra mile to create such a pleasant and relaxing atmosphere.

If there is more than 5 Stars to be contributed to this hotel I will add without hesitating، I can say that JW Marriott in all my visits and in everything: its majesty, cleanliness, good hospitality, diversity of staff cultures in addition to the best restaurant inside it (Kitchen 6) offers the best varied and delicious morning breakfast. I decided to update my review of the hotel without missing a beat.  Based on the previous evaluation as an excellent service, rather I was impressed by the good behavior of the obedient staff, especially the House Keeping manager, Mr. Bibin Thomas, as well as the Room Man service, Mr. Ricky Prihntoro, the hospitality of the welcome and the lobby, Mr. Rodell and Mr. Suji, as well as the new sterilizer Mr, Rajab , who has a beautiful smile, also I would like to thank Ms, Diky from front desk staff for her support and effort to have my experience success, this operating system without any courtesy is my first choice,

Review update: 15 Jan, 2026,

Nothing can be added to the hospitality, excellent service, and ever-present smiles of the entire staff at the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai. Kyaw at reception was incredibly helpful and courteous. I also can't forget Maoaz , the artisan pastry chef who made me delicious pancakes throughout my stay, and Mr. Deepak, who lovingly and happily prepared delicious fruit, also won’t forget to mention Ms, Nokwazi who she has a very beautiful smile while serving the guests, Purity at Parking front desk and Ageng, Maelvin & Rodel also Frank as well Thank you all for the wonderful hospitality you are the icon of Marriott. I will definitely return because you gave me such a wonderful experience.

Great

The Service during my stay in this difficult times was outstanding! The entire team really goes out of their way to make you feel at home. The rooms and the location are excellent!

Don’t go using good company, you will not get the service you are looking for. Total waste of time.

Nice, clean and easy access.

I absolutely loved staying here. The hotel holds modern luxury with full commitment. I enjoyed our spacious room, the ocean view, and the spa services and facilities. I want to especially thank the lovely staff including Malika, Daniela at the gym, Sharon at the spa, and Ashwin for their welcoming-demeanor and attentiveness. They all contributed in me having one of the beat stays at a Marriott property!

The room feels so huge, very comfortable and the layout is nice. The bathroom set up luxuriously and it work well for me. The staff that I talked to was Prakash, he is very professional and friendly. The hotel’s cleanliness is excellent. I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone when he/ she visits Dubai in the future.

Had a great experience with the receptionist at the Marriott. Priscilla was very friendly, helpful, and made everything smooth and easy. She even helped make my birthday feel special. Really appreciated the warm service!

I stayed at this hotel for three weeks, and it became much more than just a place to stay. It truly felt like a home away from home. From the very first day, I was touched by how kind, friendly, and genuinely caring everyone was.||I would like to give my deepest thanks to Ms. Icha from the restaurant service. On my first morning, she kindly helped me during breakfast, and from that moment on, every day she welcomed me with such warmth and a beautiful smile. Those small moments meant so much to me and made each morning special. I will always remember her kindness with gratitude.||I am also very thankful to Mr. Simpo from the bell service, who supported me from check-in until check-out. His help, professionalism, and positive attitude made my stay smooth and comfortable.||My sincere appreciation also goes to the housekeeping team for always keeping my room clean, cozy, and comfortable. It truly felt like coming back to a peaceful space every day. And thank you to the room service team for being so quick, efficient, and attentive to every request.||It’s not just the hotel, but the people who made this experience unforgettable for me. I feel very grateful for all the care and kindness I received during my stay.||I wish everyone continued success, happiness, and all the best in the future. I truly hope to come back again one day. 🥰

Loved it, my second visit. New Wine & Cheese Bar (VNTG) is awesome, fantastic range of Wines at affordable prices ( for Dubai) and a great selection of Cheese. French Sommelier is very knowledgeable, a good guy and a great asset to the business.

I stayed at the JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai from March to April 2026. The level of service I received from the very first moments of check-in until checkout was outstanding.||The check-in process was smooth and efficient. Immediately afterward, the bell service assisted me with my heavy luggage and delivered it to my room. They also took the time to explain every amenity in the room and how to use it, which is something I had never experienced before. The front office and bell staff are professional in every aspect.||Housekeeping maintains an exceptional standard: the room is cleaned at least twice a day, making it feel as if you have just checked in each time. This includes changing the bathrobe, refreshing the bed every single time. ||Breakfast is what I will miss the most. There is an extensive selection catering to every dietary preference from fresh fruits and pastries to freshly prepared omelets and scrambled eggs. The restaurant staff remembers every your preference. They also offer hot drinks as soon as you enter the restaurant, which makes the experience smooth and pleasant. Special thanks to Mr. Jinto for his exceptional attention not only to me but to every guest during breakfast.||The hotel also has a professional big gym, and a swimming pool with warm water regardless of the weather. The pool staff takes care of your safety at all times. After some physical activity in the pool, I experienced a leg cramp; Mr. Anton noticed immediately and was ready to assist, which was extremely helpful. I would also like to thank Mr. Thilina for his dedication and special attention throughout my stay. Additionally, when you visit a pool. I highly recommend ordering a special cocktail in a bar, prepared by Mr. Kushal, who is a true professional in his field.||You can always rely on the front desk for any request from help with navigating the city to arranging wake-up calls. Ms. Imtithal is especially helpful in guiding you around the city, estimating travel times, and offering additional support whenever needed. I am grateful for all the attention provided during my stay. Mrs. Prescilla is also very professional, provides excellent advice, and is always ready to assist with any request. The  front office team manages perfect coordination between departments when you request anything. ||Additional gratitude goes to the bell service, especially Mr. Simpo, who is a very kind and gentle person.||All in all, you are very lucky if stay in this hotel, coz I'm sure, the occupancy of this hotel always should be 100% :)

A stopover in Dubai offered the opportunity to see why this hotel gets such rave reviews. ||in advance of our arrival I requested special amenities and fabrics for our room. On arrival everything was just perfect. ||Housekeeping was outstanding & I congratulate to entire team and thank them for their kindness

酒店所处位置非常便利，步行散步都有非常好的景。早餐充分考虑到国人的饮食习惯。房间非常宽敞明亮，乘坐地铁出行也很便利

Amazing and wonderful 🤍

非常满意，整体服务设施都特别齐全，尤其是顶楼的酒吧更是顶级配置又非常亲民的价格，特别推荐入住，大家快冲

Mr.Dev & Mr.Pranesh very professional service and very good attitude when I check in, 👍👍👍,very good experience!

挺不错 工作人员都很专业热情

Excellent service, management went above and beyond to make us feel welcomed!

Amazing staff!

Would definitely recommend this property - It serves as a good touch point in Dubai

I am having an exceptional experience at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai. From the moment I arrived, the hospitality and professionalism of the staff stood out. The property itself is stunning, with luxurious interiors, well maintained rooms, and breathtaking views of the city. Special thanks to JINTO, DEEKSHITA,JAYAMUTTU, NAZIM for being very kind and exception hospitality during my stay.

A very beautiful hotel. The rooms are lovely, and the pool area is stunning. There are excellent restaurants within the hotel, and the staff are outstanding in every aspect.

All I could ask for! Incredible service overall. Very happy with hotel, noting to complain about!

They took a good care of you all the time from reception, dining, rooms, breakfast, and also in the pool. They are always one step ahead of you.

前台服务热情专业，入住流程高效，房间整洁宽敞，床品舒适，视野很好，睡得很安稳。卫生间也很干净，设施齐全。交通便利，餐食丰富多样。

The ambience, people, staff are so kind and care. The location is very strategic and close to Dubai mall and Burj khalifa, so it is accessible. The room attendant always kept my room clean, especially Sai, Rabin, Shahin, and Subhadra. Sai is the loveliest one, because he always give me a doll towel handmade. I feel seen. The food is so amazing. Everything is on point.

酒店房间宽敞，设施符合business hotel配置，早餐人非常多，早餐选择也很多，中式，日式，西式，印度菜，各有特色，还有多种口味的咖啡打包，自创芒果冰淇淋美式，味道不错 😊

Amazing

挺好的，保洁很认真负责，就是早餐一般般品类不是很丰富，可能口味有差异吧。宅度假专属优惠蛮好，可以提前入住

Good Hotel and nice hotel for visits to Dubai

入住这家酒店，早餐非常丰盛，适合中国胃，米粉和面条非常赞，孩子过生日，还赠送了蛋糕，有班车去迪拜mall，非常方便。

We had the most unforgettable 5-night stay at JW Marriott Dubai 🤍✨ truly the BEST experience ever!

The service here is on another level. Every single staff member made us feel so welcomed and cared for. A special shoutout to bellman Simpo, who made our honeymoon extra special 🥹 He was always so friendly, chatting with us and making us feel at home. When he found out we were on our honeymoon, he even surprised us with thoughtful gifts & a handwritten note, such a sweet gesture we’ll never forget! He also patiently helped us with directions whenever we needed.

We also want to thank Jayamuthu at the front desk, who has been incredibly kind and patient throughout our stay. Always greeting us with the warmest smile every time we left or returned, it really made a difference in our experience.

Honestly, everything about this hotel exceeded our expectations. From the service to the atmosphere, it was perfection. We’re already wishing we could come back to Dubai just to stay here again!

Highly, highly recommend!

-Mr & Mrs Akib Mojumder 🤍

房间还不错

I tried to call more than 6 times no one picked the phone

Visited Tacenda Bar at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai and it was an amazing experience. The views from the top are absolutely breathtaking, especially at night one of the best skyline views in Dubai.

The atmosphere is elegant and stylish, perfect for a night out or a special occasion. Cocktails were great and the service was attentive and professional.

Great service 👏

Great

特别安全可靠又方便。服务号。环境也好。大家都很友好，总体体验感很好的样子啊哈哈哈哈哈哈哈欢迎来到迪拜

酒店的服务非常好，听到我们是第一次来迪拜，特意安排了高楼层景观房。服务人员也非常多 有效率。早餐很丰富。

JW Marriot服務真好職員態度親切友善，一直與我們友善交流，還會逗朋友的小孩😆😆😆又送了朱古力逗他🍫除了讓我們提早check in，更free upgrade房間👍🏻👍🏻環境企理整潔。自助早餐有多國菜，款式齊全。

It was clean and comfortable.The bed was perfect, super comfy.I had a nice long bath.

We celebrated my birthday here, and the experience was wonderful. The staff was very kind, and we even received a room upgrade and a small cake, which was a lovely surprise.The only small downside was the valet service. Even though it didn’t seem very busy, it took quite a long time for them to bring the car.Apart from that, everything was great, and I can definitely recommend this place.

A great choice for luxury stays, business trips, or short visits. Spacious rooms, excellent dining, and complete facilities make it a very comfortable stay, even if the location is not ideal for walking.

Sirajul excellent service from housekeeping thank you.
I had an exceptional stay at this hotel from start to finish. The staff were incredibly welcoming, attentive, and always ready to help with a smile, making me feel truly valued as a guest. The room was spotless, beautifully designed, and very comfortable, with all the amenities you could ask for.

please give me 1BTC btc address: 17BeNYhTmo4q1jyEmcAnYRJiW9a97uPUzH , for my children became rich :D thanks (and that's an impossible hope)

整个酒店服务非常好，有人帮停车，房间干净卫生，设施齐全，还有盐浴，矿泉水给的也多，早餐丰富，很多种口味

The pool is very clean and the service was excellent thank you very much.

Wonderful hotel included many services.  Great breakfast. Swimming pool is  great.   Staff is welcoming and proactive.  Unbelievable room rate.

早餐和泳池非常nice，泳池可以看到哈利法塔。酒店有去迪拜mall的shuttle bus。整体服务不错，门口迎宾很多

It was good stay

Its was nice night and the hotel its very good all thing form the reception till to make check out it was very good thank u alot for best services

This is our Dubai Connect experience, a 12 hour layover for free courtesy of Emirates. They booked us a room at JW Marriott where we're members! A luxury experience with fantastic staff.

Excellent service, as to be expected. The front desk were very helpful, beyond what they needed to be and the overall feel of the place was nice. I'd definitely stay here again!!

It was a wonderful experience and iwill come again

Hotel was huge with 1608 rooms.  Our room was above 30 floors.  Buffet breakfast was the best we have had so far after travelling and staying in so many hotels all over the world. A breakfast supervisor named Jinto was super nice and friendly to both young and old. We left the hotel & Dubai on 27 February.  Unfortunately the Middle East crisis has spilled over to all these countries and affect the livelihood of all the innocent & friendly people there!

It's absolutely 💯 the best vacation ever!

Całkiem niedawno wróciliśmy z tego wyjątkowego hotelu. Może nie do k9nca jest to typowy hotel na urlop z dziećmi- to nasze są już  starsze i przeżyli w tym hotelu wielką przygodę:) Po pierwsze wysokość budynku,  różnorodność potraw, wiele możliwości.. bardzo miękka, wysokiej klasy pościel,  choć delikatnie za twarde jak dla mnie łóżka.  Niestety,  pomimo polrocznego wcześniej zarezerwowanego pokoju rodzinnego dla 5 osób- nie był on dostępny i spędziliśmy półtorej godziny w recepcji,  gdyż chciało dać nam 2 oddzielne pokoje... na tydzień... Na szczęście udało się znaleźć pokój na 55 piętrze,  lecz niestety był to pokój dla palących.  Pokój był przestronny, a dzieci zmęczone, więc nie zmieniałam,  le z zapach papierosów jak dla mnie był nie do wytrzymania.. Ale poza tym wszystko było wspaniałe.  Czystość i obsługa- nieporownywalna z innymi hotelami tego typu. Wszędzie dużo obsługi, lecz hotel nastawiony na dorosłych,  za każdym razem,  gdy dzieci(11-15 lat) oddzielaly się od nas - natychmiast był ktoś przy nich z obsługi ( by niechetni)i było to akurat dość niekomfortowe.  Ceny na basenie obłędne,  kilka niedociągnięć,  ale i tak bardzo miło wspominamy:)

飯店很高級，房間設施都需要平板操作，服務人員都非常親切，值得推薦

Very nice place

万豪酒店一直也是我出游首先的酒店之一，海景房风景和美，酒店房间清爽明亮，不想逛了还可以在房间煮水泡茶，刷刷手机饮茶很是休闲。

Such a beautiful place with wonderful staff, it was a stressful night but the security made sure we felt safeThe bar and the coffee outside by the canal is a very nice.Rooms are spacious and very clean I slept comfortably

I recently had the pleasure of staying at JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai and as a frequent traveler and a Marriott Bonvoy member I always make it a point to carefully review every hotel I visit. I can confidently say that this property stands out as having some of the best hospitality I have experienced in Dubai.

From the moment I arrived the check in process was smooth efficient and very welcoming. The staff were incredibly friendly professional and attentive. It truly felt like genuine 5 star hospitality and that made a great first impression.

Throughout my stay every team member I encountered was courteous and helpful. The housekeeping staff in particular deserve special recognition. They were always friendly ensuring the room was spotless and perfectly maintained every day while paying attention to even the smallest details.

The location is another major highlight. The hotel is conveniently situated in Business Bay close to key attractions and with easy access to the metro. I also appreciated the shuttle service to Dubai Mall which made getting around even more convenient.

The rooms are spacious clean and very comfortable exactly what you would expect from a luxury property. Everything was well maintained creating a relaxing and enjoyable environment after a long day.

Finally the check out process was just as smooth as check in quick hassle free and handled with the same level of professionalism.

Overall my experience exceeded expectations. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai and I will definitely be returning on my next trip.

⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

房间就是普通水平，床有点软，但没觉得有之前安达士那么扭腰，酒店进出车容易比较堵，来的时候几百米堵了半小时，早起去机场可要小心！要的大床刚开始给了双床，后面打电话去前台换的，换了一个更旧的房间

What an amazing experience. This was a 10/10. Special thanks to the beautiful African lady at the front desk who gave us ate checkout. She was so friendly and genuine. I think her name was Anita. Breakfast was the best we have had in ages. Will definitely book again if we get a chance.

Rooms and view from the rooms are excellent, they have upgraded the room. Location is very good. Reception and other activities is very dull.

We really enjoy our stay in JW Mariott Marquis..,

酒店环境雅致安静，视野开阔；设施齐全且维护良好，使用便捷；房间干净整洁，床品舒适，卫生细节到位，整体体验很棒，值得推荐。

Given an accessible room when not requested. WIFI pretty poor for a 5*. Great breakfast team. Thank you Frank at Bell Desk - thr other guy was very grumpy lol

We went for an Iftaar dinner with colleagues, served at Kitchen 6.
They had a good spread and had a variety of cuisines, including Indian, Local, Japanese to name a few. The food was good and tasty.
Other than 1 or 2 servers, they were mostly polite.I liked the overall experience.
Ambience could have been slightly better compared to similar hotels. Overall satisfied with the experience.

酒店总体来说是不错的，还有代客泊车服务。唯一的缺点就是酒店的位置，出门每次都得绕一圈。要等一个红绿灯，比较堵。总体来说设施和环境卫生都是做的不错。附近出去用餐，厘米间餐厅也比较近，推荐three brothers。

The food was delicious and amazing..... Quality was #1

Iftar was spectacular. Food wasn't that perfect but it was a good experience to have it outdoor on a terrace with a relaxing view.

I had the iftar gathering there and it was very organized, the atmosphere was great, the service was high notch, starting from valet parking to reception guidance, then event organizers, smooth and quality service, definitely coming back again, highly recommended

👍👍👍I would like to leave a sincere thank-you to the team at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai.

On Thursday, March 5, I unfortunately lost my mobile phone in the hotel’s large conference hall. At the time, more than a hundred of us were there while Emirates airline staff were helping passengers rebook their flights.

I am especially grateful to Dev from the Front Desk and Jerin from the Security Team. When my phone went missing, they immediately helped me search for it and provided great support during a stressful moment. They even helped contact my family to inform them of my situation while we were trying to locate the phone.

Thanks to their patience and effort, my phone was eventually found in the conference hall. I was very relieved to learn that it was not a theft, but simply misplaced.

Dev and Jerin were incredibly kind, professional, and helpful throughout the entire process. Their support made a very difficult moment much easier, and I truly appreciate the care they showed.

Thank you again to both of them and to the team at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai for the excellent service! 👍👍👍

フロントから売店の人までみんな親切お部屋も清潔でバスルームが広くてゆっくりルームサービスも手際良く良かったただwifiがあまり良くなく遅かった。あとテレビがNETFLIX対応だといいなぁと感じた。

Ein tolles Hotel! Bis auf das Frühstück war alles einfach Klasse!

one of the best experiences i had in hotels so far. the building is iconic ( 2 high rising towers and overall spacious common areas), beautiful pool with a beautiful view over the skyline of dubai downtown. there is not much around , so you always need taxi to move around, or take the metro ( one metro stop is 200 mt  walking from there). the service is up to the expectations: smiles, courtesy, kindness although discretion. the breakfast buffet is the most wide and different i have ever experienced. the rooms are spacious and nicely decorated and maintained. i think i found my place to be for my Dubai trips going forward.

不愧是万豪，硬件设施和卫生都无可挑剔，有夜床服务服务人员配比很高，几乎都会主动打招呼，很热情早餐应该是迪拜酒店中的天花板

I had an amazing stay in that hotel. The staff were always there helping with your quarries and the room was always clean and tidied after us going out. I highly recommend that hotel to anyone coming into Dubai.

18 ristoranti, tanti bar, camere bellissime. Servizio eccellente

服务态度和酒店位置很不错，但是卫生方面就…..有点一言难尽，厕所不知道为什么一入住就有股尿骚味，朋友房间还有双马尾😐

很不错，在这旺季迪拜酒店普遍超 3000 的状态下，这个JW 平均成本只有 1800，相当划算了。整体状态挺新，早餐种类丰富，确实不错

Mr ANOOP
I'm very disappointed of your service
Hotel manager
Please let the staff know how to do customer service

1.设施老旧：卫生间马桶盖居然没有缓降，每次放下来都巨大一声吓一跳。洗手池是堵的。洗澡的喷头无法固定喷头架上，一直往下掉。2.服务水平和服务态度正常吧，没有特别突出。3.卫生条件挺不错。总的来说性价比不高，比别的国家的万豪差很多。4

Wir haben insgesamt 6 Nächte in dem Hotel verbracht und waren rundum sehr zufrieden.

Das Hotel ist zentral gelegen und 10 Minuten fußläufig ist direkt ein Bahnhof, wo man für ca. 9 AED ein Ticket bekommt - zum Burj Khalifa und Dubai Mall eine Haltestelle.

Alle Mitarbeiter waren sehr freundlich und zuvorkommen.
Beim Check-In wurden uns sofort die Koffer abgenommen und unser Zimmer zugewiesen.
Das Zimmer hatte eine Größe von knapp 40 m² und war somit sehr geräumig.
Man hat genug Abstellflächen und auch das Badezimmer war sehr groß, sogar mit freistehende Badewanne.

Der Zimmerservice und alle Mitarbeiter, die sich um unsere Zimmer gekümmert haben, waren sehr zuvorkommend und super freundlich.

Wir waren zu der Zeit da, als leider im Nahen Osten der Krieg ausgebrochen ist.
Das Hotelpersonal stand uns jederzeit mit Rat und Tat zur Seite und hat uns das Gefühl von Sicherheit gegeben.

Ich kann nichts schlechtes über das Hotel sagen und würde jederzeit wiederkommen.

Our stay at JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai was truly outstanding.

From the very moment we stepped out of the car, we felt a sense of genuine warmth and hospitality. The welcome at the entrance was gracious, and the front desk team handled our arrival with efficiency, professionalism, and sincere kindness.

The room was beautiful, comfortable, and impeccably maintained, with a spectacular view of the Dubai skyline. Waking up to that view each morning was something my mother will never forget, especially as this was her first visit to Dubai to celebrate her birthday.

What impressed us most was the attentiveness of the team. Every question we had was responded to promptly, and any small request was handled with care. The level of coordination between departments truly reflects a well-managed luxury property.

A special thank you to Reshma and Dipshika for their thoughtful communication and personal attention throughout our stay. Their professionalism and warmth made a meaningful difference in our experience.

The breakfast experience was also excellent — beautifully presented, diverse, and of very high quality.

This hotel manages to combine scale and sophistication with genuine human warmth, which is not easy to achieve. We leave with wonderful memories and sincere appreciation.

Highly recommended, and we would gladly return.

离地铁站有点远。房间很大，床很舒服，就是特殊时期泳池关闭，并且通往Dubai Mall的班车也不运行。所以只是个睡觉的地方。

门童泊车把车头撞瘪了，离开才发现。早餐煎蛋的那个亚裔女士对中国人挎着一张脸。就前台服务不错。其他一点都不推荐。

升级的套房，很不错。

This hotel is of the highest quality in cleanliness and service. I stayed there during the days surrounding the Iran attacks and the staff went above and beyond to make everyone feel comfortable and welcome. Shruti at the concierge desk deserves a medal, for her attention to detail, and dedication to making my stay as easy and informative as possible under the pressure of the attacks. Highly recommend this hotel.

Always love to stay at JW Marriott and this time we got the special price for the corner suite room. Loved the time staying. Will recommend a friend.

Amazing

Very nice clean tidy hotel. Staff good. Food good.

What an INCREDIBLE hotel and Staff that run the hotel. The resilience strength , care, hospitality that your staff have despite the current situation the staff here at the Marriott have made it feel relaxed inside and continue to make things feel normal despite probably feeling anxious themselves. This hotel is safe, strong, clean, professional and grand. Thank you JW Marriott and all of the team from the cleaners, the cooks, the managers, the door men , the room delivery staff that delivered the food and also reassured me when I told them I felt worried , you are incredible . You certainly are more than a 5 star hotel, your staff carry this place with Grace and dignity and have inspired me to be honest. If I ever come back to Dubai I would come back to this hotel as they have consistently, always been remarkable.

Everything was very nice and customer service was also excellent.

La comida muy buena y el servicio excelente Karim ali excelente.||Muy buen servicio

Very good.

Great place to be

可以看到哈利法塔

这次入住真是意外的惊喜!没想到竟然捡漏到了行政转角套房。房间超级宽敞，床品也非常舒服，睡得特别好。本来以为捡漏价就不包含行政待遇了，结果发现依然可以享受，真的太值了。行政早餐虽然没有主餐厅那么丰富，但整体品质在线，口味是正常的西式风格，既不会踩雷，也没有奇怪的猎奇菜品，比当地找早餐稳妥多了，关键是人少，任何时候去都不用排队，特别轻松。下午有点心，晚餐虽然没在酒店吃，但看了一下，也还算丰富。出行方面也很方便，没有感受到网上说的打车难问题。即使是春节期间，基本出门3分钟内就能叫到车，很顺畅。想看迪拜塔景观的朋友，转角套房记得选Tower B，能看到迪拜塔的尖尖。Tower A的转角套房能看迪拜河，景观也不错。美中不足的是，酒店对客人的备注和邮件沟通似乎不太重视。我们前后住了三晚，离开前一晚还特意跟前台确认过，希望能安排高楼层，无烟房，并且把我们一家人的两个房间安排在同一塔楼，前台当时答应得很好。结果回来入住时，两个房间还是被分到了不同的塔楼，孩子的房间更是有明显的烟味，最后只能送来一个空气净化器补救。希望在细节服务上能再用心一点，整体体验会更完美。

Service is good

服务挺好的，自驾开到门口直接有代客泊车，服务人员都很友善，除了高峰期酒店周围确实有点堵，早餐也丰富，有泳池没事就去躺躺

My stay at JW was absolutely fabulous. The service was exceptional—thank you so much.

酒店让人非常感动，我早机到迪拜，去到酒店七点多，酒店给我房间了。这让熬了一个晚上的我能休息一下，满血了再出去玩。好感动！房间大，早餐好吃，有免费bus去dubai mall，很方便，这是一家有温度的酒店！

Love every repeated outstay I make here. Great door options and walkable trails close by. Winston approved.

交通：去机场、去迪拜mall都相对比较近卫生：打扫及时，卫生干净服务：给的水特别多，服务比较及时早餐用餐高峰排队人较多，胜在早餐品种丰富、有六个档口：西餐、中餐、印度餐都很热闹

Friendly front desk and reception who are caring of our needs and offer late check out when they know our return flight is a night flight. Nice view from the hotel which can see Burj Khalifa. The breakfast buffet is very good with variety choice of food. It’s worth to include this in your room booking !

房间还可以，圣诞节假期入住办理时间比较久，一直等到下午4点以后才拿到房间。忘记孩子枕头联系客房部， 服务态度很好，保留直到朋友去取。

迪拜万豪酒店体验超棒！房间干净整洁，每天都有细致打扫，床品舒适、环境清爽，细节处理得特别到位。客房服务响应快、态度温柔，事事贴心又周到，让人住得特别安心。酒店餐饮也很惊艳，菜品丰富、口味地道，从早餐到正餐都能感受到用心，食材新鲜、选择多样，吃得非常满足。整体服务一流、环境舒适、餐饮加分，无论是出行还是度假都十分推荐，下次来迪拜还会首选这里！

location方便。（但去dubaimall还是要打车）早餐品种丰富。好吃。brew coffe好喝。第一天晚上六点后入住的。进门就看到开夜床服务很专业。点赞。

位置好，夜景超棒，能看见哈利法塔，还在房间里看到了日出😃

Central location, just 900m from the Business Bay Station. Free shuttle bus from hotel to the Dubai Mall very strategic.

One of a kind hotel. The service was professional and welcoming, and the room was spacious with a beautiful skyline view. Great location for both business and leisure. Highly recommended!

Absolutely fantastic

Beside cancel with open bar really enjoyed it.

I went for their iftar buffet and was disappointed. The food was cold and tasteless. The desserts were amazing though. Expected more from Jw Mariott .

A great 4 night stay at the JW Marriott Marquis Hotel! Would definitely recommend !! The service from all staff was very attentive, both in the restaurant and at reception. Very clean, great facilities including a swimming pool and a great gym . The location was great, we had a great saw view from the 52nd floor.

（服务：）服务特别好，从我一踏进这间酒店开始，从开始紧张的情绪到被malik 的贴心服务给温暖到放松安心跟开心🫶🏻,满分10分（设施：）是目前我住过最豪华的酒店之一👍🏻（餐点：）有中餐，日餐，印度餐，西餐可以选择，食物都很新鲜，餐厅很大，用餐的人也很多，有时侯需要排队非常完美的一次入住，下次来迪拜，首选JW，特别感谢Malik的贴心服务，给升级了房间，给办理了延长退房服务，超级满意他的服务，下次来一定还要找他❤️❤️❤️

酒店免费代客泊车，各种服务都很棒，M层泳池直接看哈利法塔，早餐很风险，符合中国胃，有免费班车去DUBAI MALL

The perfect and prestigious hotel in DXB

احسن

车子下客的地方太小，其它都蛮好，酒店右手边有一条河，傍晚沿河走走还不错，可以走到对岸看希尔顿酒店的水舞秀

房间宽敞明亮，景色开阔，住了四晚也很适应每日早餐因为品种够丰富也很新鲜，代泊很方便，服务热情主动，自驾去各个景点场馆都很便捷

迪拜之行最满意的酒店，不管硬件软件，全部都超出预期的惊喜。酒店地理位置优越，景观一流，尤其早餐之丰盛和美味值得一赞。工作人员友善和热情的服务态度让人有宾至如归的感觉。下次来迪拜还会选择这里。

整体位置非常方便便捷，离哈利法塔 dubaimall都打车2km 早餐非常非常丰富好吃 适合亲子情侣

1、位置：商务区中心位置，去迪拜 mail 还有穿梭巴士，楼下河流适合晚上逛，对面还有便利店2、早餐：比较丰富 还有适合亚洲早餐3、设施：原本担心有点老，实际维护保养不错4、服务：整体不错，

Beautiful hotel, with complete service.

Un hôtel incroyable. Le personnel est souriant et très attentionné… à notre arrivée on nous attendait avec un rafraîchissement ainsi que des serviettes parfumée.

On nous a proposé un check out gratuitement pour une des deux chambres au vu de l heure tardive de notre vol de retour.

La propreté des chambres était parfaite tout les employés de ménage étaient attentionné avec des chocolats, une carte de bien être etc et la literie était vraiment de qualité.
Bouteilles d eau à disposition tous les jours dans les chambres gratuitement.

Le petit point négatif, le personnel extérieur a tendance à proposer des taxis non officiel et bien plus cher que les taxis officiels nous nous en sommes rendu compte tardivement.

À la piscine ils se démènent pour trouver des transats et font le déplacement si nécessaire ils vont même jusqu à mettre en place les serviettes, ils sont au petits soins. Ils proposent régulièrement des raisins glacés, des glaces, des rafraîchissement gratuitement directement au transats.

Cet hôtel prend réellement soins de sa clientèle. Tout est possible:

Le buffet du petit déjeuner est ultra complet

Le long du canal balade à pied ou location de trottinette ou vélo électriques pour des km de vues Incroyable.

Un hôtel à recommander.

酒店地处市区中心，入住时的服务周到细致，热情，介绍酒店服务项目详细。酒店有两座大楼A和B。 楼下有穿梭巴士来往Dubai mall, 很方便。 酒店坐落河边，晚上可以在河边散步。 这个酒店非常繁忙，酒廊也是经常人满为患。 一楼的早餐餐厅食物丰富，多样选择。M层的大平台和泳池空间开阔，健身房面积大设备齐全，每天运动的人都很多。

万豪侯爵酒店地理位置不错，酒店的早餐超级棒，忙而不乱，对于中国胃特别友好。阿拉伯食品也做的很入味。酒店的行李服务有序高效。在入住时，因为名字修改发生了小问题，携程第二天及时解决了。酒店有定时班车往返迪拜mall。

不過不失，是JW萬豪的基本水平，但因為酒店太大客容量太高，無論是電梯還是早餐都顯得有點超載。但代客拍車的服務很棒。

仅适合商务地理位置非常不方便，到迪拜mall高峰堵车30-50分钟早餐人太多，尽管在努力维持秩序但是人流量远超其承载能力休闲度假慎重考虑 同价位更多优秀酒店

房间有很厉害的油烟味，串味了。酒店叫出租车很难，酒店门口乱哄哄的。其他还可以。酒店周边很一般，还在造楼。房间水龙头都是尖角，很容易划伤。淋浴间龙头挂不住的，老要掉下来。空调还不错。

The JW Marriott Marquis Dubai is far more than a luxury hotel it is a destination in itself and a benchmark for five-star hospitality in the Middle East. Rising elegantly above the Dubai Water Canal in the heart of Business Bay, the hotel’s iconic twin towers dominate the skyline and reflect Marriott’s commitment to refined luxury, scale, and impeccable service 1.
Location & First Impressions
Perfectly positioned between Dubai Mall and Mall of the Emirates, and minutes from Burj Khalifa, Dubai Opera, and DIFC, the hotel offers both convenience and prestige. From the moment guests enter the grand lobby, the atmosphere conveys confidence, sophistication, and flawless organization despite the hotel’s impressive size of 1,608 rooms and suites, everything feels seamless and personal 1.
Rooms & Suites Luxury at Every Height
The guest rooms and suites are thoughtfully designed with contemporary elegance, floor-to-ceiling windows, plush bedding, marble bathrooms, and panoramic views of Dubai’s skyline or canal. Even entry-level rooms feel generously sized, while the executive rooms and suites elevate the experience further with access to the Executive Lounge, offering premium dining, privacy, and attentive service throughout the day 1.
Culinary Excellence A World Class Dining Portfolio
One of the hotel’s most outstanding value propositions is its collection of over 12 award-winning restaurants, bars, and lounges, making it a culinary hub not only for hotel guests but for Dubai itself 2.
Highlights include:
• Kitchen6 An internationally acclaimed restaurant featuring six live cooking stations representing global cuisines, offering one of the most impressive breakfast and dinner experiences in the city.
• Prime68 Steakhouse  Located high above the city, this refined steakhouse is celebrated for premium cuts, exceptional wine selection, and breathtaking views.
• Tong Thai An award-winning Thai restaurant delivering authentic flavors in an elegant setting.
• Positano A true Italian dining experience with fresh pasta, classic recipes, and an excellent wine list.
• Vault Bar Situated on the 71st and 72nd floors, Vault offers handcrafted cocktails, premium cigars, and unforgettable panoramic views, making it a destination in its own right 2.
This diversity and consistency across all dining venues add what can only be described as an “extra star” to the hotel’s overall offering.
Service The True Signature of the Hotel
What truly distinguishes JW Marriott Marquis Dubai is its exceptional level of service. The staff demonstrate genuine warmth, professionalism, and attention to detail at every touchpoint from reception and concierge to housekeeping and restaurant teams. Despite the scale of the property, service feels personal, proactive, and consistently refined, reflecting Marriott’s global standards at their very best 3.
Wellness, Business & Added Value
Guests have access to the luxurious Saray Spa, inspired by ancient wellness rituals, featuring hammam experiences, holistic treatments, and a fully equipped health club. For business travelers, the hotel offers nearly 10,000 square meters of event and conference space, positioning it as one of the leading business hotels in the region 1.
Complimentary shuttle services to key attractions such as Dubai Mall further enhance the guest experience, reinforcing the hotel’s focus on comfort and convenience.
Final Verdict
The JW Marriott Marquis Dubai does not merely meet five-star expectations it exceeds them. Through its unmatched dining portfolio, prime location, world-class facilities, and outstanding service culture, the hotel delivers a level of value and sophistication that truly sets it apart. It is an ideal choice for luxury leisure travelers, business executives, and discerning guests who seek a complete, elevated hospitality experience.
This is a hotel that genuinely earns and even surpasses its five-star status.

Amazing food and ambiance

In dem Frühstücksbereich sind zu viele Menschen gleichzeitig, es müssten zusätzliche Bereiche geschaffen werden.

这家万豪性价比真的绝了，餐厅好吃，服务态度又好，去迪拜mall有免费班车，酒店也自带很多餐厅。可以选择包晚餐或者三餐，建议也选上。视野也是非常好。

房间干净，洗手间宽敞，有帮我们预定景色不错的高楼层，早餐非常赞，酒店有去dubai mall的定点班车，非常方便

很不错，服务很好

老爸老媽也訂了相同的酒店住。他們對酒店也很滿意，無論清潔，膳食（早餐，晚餐我們也在酒店享用過），也十分滿意。大家的用過意見評價也是：抵住！ 唯一不理想就是塞車。

great as alwayd

房间设施维护差！整个房间没有一面全身镜，穿衣服化妆不方便。床头没有充电器，电视柜旁的插座是松的，导致吹风机一直接触不良，洗完头很难吹干头发。连住客房服务差劲，明明是两个人入住双床房，只收拾了一张床和只补了一瓶水。去dubai mall的车管理混乱，司机服务差，尤其是晚上从dubai mall返回，秩序差，只能在马路上追车，非常危险。

设施比较老旧了 但是位置特别好，离迪拜mall市中心很近。高层风景也很好。平台泳池很赞。早餐有中餐面档 比较符合中国人口味 点赞👍

Good location to access to any business places and even tourist spots in Dubai. Thoughtful hospitality since check in.

房间挺好 宽敞明亮 有河有桥 步行到哈利法塔 无敌了

I stayed here for one night thanks to an Emirates connection and it was pretty good with a couple notes.
The checl in service and the hotel amenities were exceptional.
The room it's off was aging and it showed. Carpet looked worse for wear, and the desk had what looked like melted wax all over it that could not be removed. The bathrooms were super clean but the shower head was leaking and a little weird, shooting water out the side of the base.

There was a kettle for tea, tea bags provided and plenty of bottled water at no charge.

The included breakfast in the morning was outstanding. The buffet just went on and on for rooms, with every possible item you could want to eat. 10 different juices available, mini donuts, Asian food, omelette station, the list goes on and on and on. They had a custom coffee bar as well as drip coffee all around so you really can't go wrong with the breakfast. And if you come to this hotel, make sure you haven't eaten because you're going to want to sit there and eat all morning.

十分满意，干净，舒适 没有任何不满意的地方，早餐也很棒，位置很好，旁边也有不错的brige travern可以看看球赛喝喝啤酒，十分完美

There is no negative point at all .staff was great ,location is really good nearby dubai mall and business bay metro station.gym facilities is excellent.room is big and very clean.view also great

环境非常好，早餐非常丰富，服务很贴心，位于商务湾区域，距离迪拜mall很近、酒店有接驳巴士，楼下就是迪拜河。超预期！

酒店房间环境，服务都很好，早上的自助餐也很丰盛。但不知道是不是因为高楼层的原因，洗澡的水压非常小，不够舒适。此外酒店距离地铁站有一定距离，走路有点费劲。

The Best Experience in Dubai. Nice food and accomodations. Quiet Rooms with top position for business trip.

离地铁business bay要走10分钟  白天太阳下有点晒。去Dubai Mall有接驳车，半小时一班要早点去。车子不大。房间很大，虽然入住的人多，但是电梯也多、很方便。早餐超丰富，尽量避开高峰。不然排队很久。

Sent on a wild goose chase to find a sanitary towel to then be told it’s £8! 5 star hotel cannot provide a sanitary pad for a woman on her period. Absolutely disgusting.

Also terrible vegan options.

可以说是离哈利法塔和迪拜MALL比较近的酒店中性价比超高的一家，酒店人很多，门口交通较挤，但用Careem打车还是非常方便的，酒店对面有个便利店。早餐在1楼的kitchen6在，种类非常丰富。

房间很大！特别是服务很温馨，入住前就email询问入住安排和需求。办理check in的时候还免费给小朋友加了床！ 每天都会有手写问候卡和巧克力，免费代客泊车很赞！ 开车到迪拜mall只有2公里。推荐入住！

迪拜行程的最后两晚，我们入住了JW万豪侯爵酒店，作为全球最高酒店双子塔之一，无论是位置、服务还是体验，都超出预期，直接成为本次旅行最推荐的一家。📍 位置绝佳 · 市中心出行零压力💁♀️ 服务贴心 · 入住体验超顺畅第一天晚上服务人员把我桌子上的化妆品和护肤品整理的整整齐齐，我都惊讶了💁🏻👀👀🏨 房间宽敞大气 · 性价比全程最高我提前两个月预订，价格在全程酒店里性价比最高矿泉水给得超大方，房间+mini吧一共8瓶，备品齐全、舒适度拉满。🏊♀️ 7层空中泳池 酒店7楼设有空中泳池，视野非常棒。冬季虽然无法畅游，但儿童池是恒温温水，带娃家庭也能放心玩。🍳 早餐豪华到惊艳 · 人性化设计超贴心最让我惊喜的就是酒店早餐！场地超大、品类丰富，水准完全不输高端自助晚餐具体视频我分享到我的主页里了，可以去浏览一下哦

Almost perfect.  Great location, rooms and facilities.  Looked after us well.  Would definitely book again for my next trip to Dubai.  Breakfast was probably the best hotel breakfast buffet I've ever had.  Only tedious aspect was being approached multiple times a day by the Marriott Vacation group inviting to watch a presentation everytime we left the elevators, felt awkward.

We had a wonderful stay. Elegant and comfortable bedroom.

會令人懷念的早餐，服務相當不錯，

市区的位置，有两幢楼，服务非常好，上楼会有服务员帮你按电梯，看到你都会微笑示意。这里非常感谢前台Jay，感觉是华人，非常的热情周到，知道孩子想住高一点楼层，主动安排了景色很好的高区。谢谢他。唯一的问题就是浴缸放水出来竟然是黄色的，走的时候也没有人对此说明，有点小瑕疵，孩子本身非常期待能泡澡的。

It's home for me, when in Dubai.
Love it

相比阿布扎比的入住体验，迪拜的入住体验会稍微差一些。首先是服务跟不上，这家的入住率特别高，门口非常拥堵，代客泊车不给力，门口堵半天，用车要等至少10-15分钟以上。刚入住的时候发现房间内空调有问题，打了电话说明了问题之后一直没人来给处理。 早饭还可以，种类比较全，也挺干净的。早餐1层和6层都能吃，店员为了分流，会让大家去6层，但是6层食物种类相对少点。 房间内有种潮还是什么的怪味，但是床品还挺舒服的，打扫房间也很关注细节。距离迪拜mall大概3公里，但是附近都堵车，至少半个小时的车程。

Excellent hotel but the location due to traffic is a nightmare

Hotel is in a great location close to Dubai mall, Burj Khalifa and major attractions. Room is clean and spacious. Breakfast had a great variety of food choices and cuisines - one of the best hotel breakfast I’ve had. Great bonus that they allowed us to check in early at 8am as we arrived on an early morning flight.

Excellent hotel and very friendly staff.

This JW Marriott is located in prime location.

If you’re looking for a luxurious stay with top-tier service and plenty of amenities, the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai ticks all the boxes. It’s ideal for both business travelers and tourists who want to experience the best of Dubai’s hospitality and luxury.
•	Cons: It may not be the best choice for those who want a more intimate or boutique-style hotel experience.

Overall, the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai is a great choice for anyone looking to experience a high-end, luxurious stay in the city. Whether you’re in Dubai for business, leisure, or a special occasion, it offers everything you’d expect from a 5-star hotel.

The hotel has excellent rooms.  The location is good and the views from the rooms are excellent

Prime 68

地理位置比较优越，机场出来搭地铁 Red line到business Bay，步行10多分钟即可到达，去dubai Mall酒店提供 Shuttle bus，1小时一班，很方便。整体设计大气。酒店虽有年代感，但维护的很好，非常干净，工作人员都很友善，会主动问好或提供帮助。连续住了三天，感觉相当不错，每天晚上的开夜床服务，还都会及时补充瓶装水更换使用过的卫浴巾等等。早餐餐厅很大，酒店的入住率很高，大部分时间需要排队，但等候时间不是很长，餐食品种多，西式的，日式式的，中式的，印度式的都有。在酒店的日料餐厅，用了晚餐，口味不错。酒店泳池是一亮点，可以远观哈利法塔，傍晚时分景色很美。酒店性价比很高，尤其让我们惊喜的是，我们飞机到达之后直接进入酒店，8:30就给我们入住了，开心。推荐，推荐，推荐。

房间大，交通便利离地铁很近，在城市中心的中心。早餐丰盛，顶楼酒吧和露天泳池好

Stayed one night in this wonderful hotel , staff is the best , very attentive and kind , i can more than recommend .. especially Rodel the valet was so nice 😊

traffic is really bad

日子平平淡淡，梦想却闪闪发光。夜再黑，心也要亮堂堂，带着期待入眠，愿你梦里星辰璀璨，晚安✨房间整洁，服务周到，交通也便利。

人很多，但是总体算有秩序。早餐非常好，有特色，种类多，房间符合价位。交通方便。前台搞错了一次房间号，不过无伤大雅。

I never thought about I will have this bad experience for the bell man service while I'm living in a 5-star hotel. I had total 2 bell mans to help my luggage and one of them who are servicing inside the hotel, but other one H.U.J.J.A.T is really rude, one is no response while he saw us until I asked him twice and I have to tell him exactly which one he needs to take off the car. I have to keep telling him which one to take off although I need all the luggage unloaded. The worst experience was while I'm leaving the hotel, the bell man throw my luggage into my car very heavy which shocked me at that moment, and he's continue doing that until put all my stuffs inside the car!!!! I was really shocked and until I realized I have to talk to him, he was already disappeared.Is this what customer service is like?
I was literally shocked. ..
As someone who has used a lot of hotel services, I have only had such a bad experience with this person😓

来阿联酋9天住的三家酒店里最差强人意的一家，如果是休闲旅游有时间、入住多天的话不建议这里，这里的游客大多是赶飞机或者商务工作或者机组空乘人员。入住客人太多，所以酒店工作人员服务态度都比较麻木空洞，没办法细致和友好；这家酒店加床给小朋友是另外收取费用的，而且房间设施相对老旧，浴巾达不到JW的标准，加上主前面两家都酒店减免了加床费用，这家就有落差了；早餐像打仗一样，7点开始餐厅就已经人满为患了，国人很多，混乱程度堪比三酒店旺季，用餐体验非常一般；9天行程下来的总结是迪拜不需要逗留太久，把宝贵时间留给阿布扎比吧！房间没什么值得拍的所以没有图片。

位置還好，服務不錯

"From the moment we arrived, the staff made us feel so welcome. We were able to check in early, and the team went above and beyond to ensure our stay was perfect. The location was ideal for exploring the city, and returning to our quiet, well-appointed room each evening was a delight

Far from metro station but walkable on a cool morningNear to a few attractions

Thank you Dwiyan for your towel art work. Little things like this always keep me smile!

太幸運了，我們是兩大一小的旅行，Amr主動為我們多加床，讓我們睡得更舒服，而且房間寬大又乾淨，視野佳，值得推薦

Emirates choose this hotel as a business class layover and for very good reason. It's a top notch place.

房间非常干净，跟酒店沟通给了一间高层的房间，可以看到整个迪拜的夜景，非常漂亮，服务checkin再快一点就好了

Rodel at the valet was super helpful and kind!

Excellent hotel conveniently located

Отличное расположение, в пешей доступности от Бурдж Халифа и Дубай Мола, так же недалеко станция метро. Гигантский, невероятный номер, великолепная удобная кровать. Отличная звукоизоляция и питание. Вышколенный персонал. Просто роскошно, при этом цена ещё достаточно гуманная за это великолепие.
Не к чему придраться вообще.

Отличное расположение, в пешей доступности от Бурдж Халифа и Дубай Мола, так же недалеко станция метро. Гигантский, невероятный номер, великолепная удобная кровать. Отличная звукоизоляция и питание. Вышколенный персонал. Просто роскошно, при этом цена ещё достаточно гуманная за это великолепие.
Не к чему придраться вообще.

Strong business hotel in a great location, ideal for meetings and productive stays.

Rooms are really nice. Convenient to a lot of things like the mall and the Burj Kalifa

Arrived yesterday, hotel is very good,
Welcoming
Taking care

Very good experience in kitchen during breakfast although crowded

Room service cleaning was very good
Thanks Sirajul for your support

Excellent rooms with an excellent view

真的不能看他人的差评，每个人需求程度都不一样，我们出来玩就是要开心，方方面面都满意。记得有一天回酒店早，房间收拾好了，早上落下的太阳镜边放了新的擦镜布，孩子的手机电线用收线夹整理好，真的非常细心。躺了一会儿，又去酒店泳池玩，酒店M层户外泳池可以看到哈利法塔，以为不会再收拾了，回来房间又给收拾好了，我摆在床头的贵重首饰都在，出去吃个晚饭，回来正好遇到做也床服务的两个小哥哥和我们行礼。真的，一天玩累回来，每次进房间都整齐温馨哪有心思挑毛病，只怪自己没换好外币没小费给🙉餐厅kitchen6非常大，你以为被带去的位置非常偏，可是整个餐厅到处都有咖啡机、烤吐司机、远的地方也有重复的取餐台，简直不要太便利。虽然被推荐这家酒店是因为有中餐，可是我一次也没吃，没必要非得吃中餐，那个蒸鱼非常不错，吃了两次，其他都随机，几天胃肠超稳定。哦，对了，第一天领位的小姐姐给打的卡布奇诺好贴心捎带给我奶杯和一份浓缩，以前我去过的都是假五星吗🙉

The level of service is amazing,  the suite is beyond what been provided by similar level hotels, we are now converts to JW Marriott ..Thanks

The security of this hotel it's very bad that don't have a manners how to talk with the people or with the guy and specially with the drivers they don't have any respect and they are very shameful there very lazy guys and mostly the back of the hotel is seven sisters The God The always like not giving the respect to any driver

酒店的服务非常不错，我们订了两间房，早上9点多就到了，稍微等了一会，前台就给安排了一个房间，后续送行李、送另一个房间的房卡等事宜跟进的很顺利，很快就弄完了。早餐很丰盛，现做的面条尤其不错，已经算比较地道的中国味道了。M层的泳池天台一定要去看看，又大又舒服，晚上夜景特别美，可以看到哈利法塔，点几杯饮料赏月赏楼，非常惬意。唯一美中不足，房间内用品比较陈旧，热水壶很小，用起来不方便。

Love it!

I love the architecture of their 2 towers. A & B towing over 70 floors. You get a fantastic view of the Burj khalifa from some of their rooms. This time I got a room facing the ocean, and the new sea island projects popping up. It is really an elegant hotel. From their reception on arrival to the final details in your room it is an experience to remember. As for their JW brand, you are sure to get a big double bed, pampered with a massive bath and shower room. I didn't visit the spa this visit but it offers a magical massage and the best Dubai can offer. The pool area outdoors is excellent. A bar, plenty seating areas, a lush garden and sun beds. As the sun moves around the tower you get shaded by the buildings. But on the heat of Dubai, this brief shade is welcome. Then the sun returns. The pool staff are here for your comfort. Polite and courteous. A truly luxurious experience. It offers restaurants, coffee shops and valet parking. Not to mention the canal walks. The Metro station is a 10 minute walk. Be careful crossing roads as traffic drives fast on Dubai. Those hotel, well recommended

酒店双塔设计独特新颖，房间很大很安静。可是大堂还有早餐人超多，一直感觉就是很吵杂。7楼泳池和大露台不错。

Massive property in a decent location but with a traffic issue during work hours !
Nice staff bit overwhelmed with the size and number of guests and size of hotel - zero personal touch and don’t care if you a Bonvoy Ambassador - no flexibility on personal matters - possibly they follow a chart and rules . Very nice rooms given older architecture and great staff for housekeeping . But overall 2.5/5 if you want personalised service and flexibility!

Reception staff were pleasant overall, and Malik in particular was nice and helpful during check-in.

JW Marriott Marquis Dubai offers excellent service luxurious rooms and a premium atmosphere A perfect choice for a comfortable and memorable stay in the heart of Dubai💫🩵

Excellent experience, wonderful hotel, excellent food and service

Dinner was great, thanks

Very good buffay

Best services!

房间都不错但是前台推销我们升房间但是没有告知lounge不能用，还好我问了一下。我觉得房型既然升了lounge应该是配套有的

这是第三次住这家酒店了。离机场打车二十分钟，到世贸中心、哈利法塔等商务观光地点也都不远。早餐的中餐很丰富，每天都必吃酸辣米粉。

Hotel was big and it’s a busy hotel. Breakfast timing was very crowded but the room is of decent size. Very clean and well placed.

The hotel is nice, good location. Staffs are supportive.

In a word fantastic,
Giving more details from our annual Christmas vacation and the full experience and who made it memorable,
Firstly Gerard Catala the front office manager was an absolute pleasure to deal with and the effort he put in with our stay was above and beyond, this was our seventh year returning for Christmas vacation and we will be returning again this year due to the we were accommodated,
Secondly the kitchen six managers and again mentioning Jinto one of them who was always cheerful and friendly,
All the hotel staff including the pool crew are all so friendly and polite,
Food is amazing and rooms are always spacious / comfortable and cleaners are very thorough with their detailing .
Can’t wait until our visit in December ,
Would highly recommend this hotel, it’s our favourite  ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

Luxury and the location plus the view is WoW, i loved it❤️✨

Room Size: 5/5
Room Availabe Tools and Services: 5/5
Room Housekeeping: 5/5
Reception Staff: 5/5
Hotel Services: 5/5
Hotel Facilities: 5/5
Hotel Location: 5/5
Deserving the Price: 5/5
Bathroom: 5/5
Thank You JW Marriott for the nice 13 days' stay

Kitchen 6 is our favourite joint for binging (on food). Best range of Sushis you can get
Service is excellent 👌🏻
Desert range can have a bit mm ore variety

Business wise it’s a perfect hotel because you have all of the restaurants that you need so you don’t actually have to leave the hotel very much because all the food is really nice.

Very good hotel room , friendly staff, location perfect, very good restaurant and finally good price.

Love this hotel!
Everything screens luxury and parce of mind.
The rooms are huge, luxurious, clean, romantic and clean.
The bath & shower can accommodate two people which is great to share a romantic moment with your partner.
The pool area is amazing, feels like a mini ressort . Long pool surrounded by cabanas, sun chairs, pool bar and palm trees.
The gym is very well equipped, you are sure to have a great workout!
Lots of types restaurants in the hotel are available.( Asian, indian, pub food , seafood …)
The rooftop restaurant (The vault) is the perfect place to have a cocktail late at night. Located on the top floor of the hotel, the views of the city are incredible.
They offer shuttle services to the shopping mall and other venues.
Highly recommend this hotel!!!

Gran experiencia y muy buen servicio, se nota las 5 estrellas....vinkal y shorya, excelente entrenamiento en servicio al cliente

Marriott is always top quality

Excellent Place

服务很好，很热情，酒店位置不错，有去迪拜mall的班车，送了巧克力，非常赞，早餐很丰盛，下次还会再来

服务很好，态度都很热情，早餐也很好吃 有班尼迪克蛋

Magical and very charming experience

We stayed in this hotel for the third time as it has elegant & comfortable bedrooms. We also get Indian cuisine with great taste, which was convenient for us with kids.
What makes it exceptional is the staff.
Vinkal ji (Housekeeping ship leader) and Ramesh ji were extremely kind and generous and have amazing artistic skills. They took time out of their busy schedules to teach our kids “the towel art”.
The staff is incredibly friendly, helpful and attentive to every need.
Love the hospitality and the food here.
Would love to visit again whenever i come to Dubai again.

I am honestly speechless with how amazing my stay has been at the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai. From the moment I arrived, everything has felt welcoming, comfortable, and truly special.

What truly stands out is the incredible housekeeping team. They clean the room every single day with such care and attention to detail that it feels brand new each time I walk in. I can’t express enough how grateful I am for their hard work — they genuinely deserve recognition and a raise for how consistently amazing they are.

The hotel itself is stunning, peaceful, and perfectly located, making my stay even more enjoyable. Every staff member I’ve interacted with has been kind, professional, and always happy to help.

Thank you for making my stay so comfortable and memorable. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a truly wonderful experience.

风景不错。早餐挺好的。房间挺大的。卫生打扫的比较到位。晚上也比较安静。算是性价比比较高的酒店。入住人员也很多

Four days on my business travel everything was great, loved the bar on the 72 floor with spectacular view and Indian dinner at 4th floor with an eye-catching interior design and delicious food.

A "Rescue Mission" Success Story!

Dear JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai Team,

I think I deserve an award for finding a safe that fits my laptop too perfectly—so perfectly that it got stuck!

I was terrified because that laptop is my "brain" and my office. Huge thanks to the three staff members who responded to my "SOS" call. They arrived in 5 minutes and had the laptop out in under 10. Their modesty (refusing a tip!) and speed were world-class.

You have an incredible team here. Thanks for saving my day (and my career)!

Best,
Dainelle
Sending from my beloved Laptop :)

My husband & I had an extremely wonderful 1 week stay at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai! From the Staff at the Reception to the Conciege, Room Services(amazing), all Restaurant Crew, esp Kitchen6 & the driver who ferries the guests to & fro from the Hotel to Dubai Mall(free shuttle service), to each & everyone of them, we would like to shout out a BIG THANK YOU!🙏
Our room was on the 48th level! Fantastic seaview & partial cityview! Room was spacious & clean! Daily waking up to this breathtaking sight was a blessing!
Every day after our day out we always returned to a clean, tidy & neatly made up room by the wonderful room service crew! All the essentials were replenished  & replaced promptly without any reminders!! Every little detail was looked into, like to place a cable around our dangling phone charger wire to providing nice laundry bags for our soiled clothings  that were placed in plastic bags & many more to say! It shows the room service crew took their job very seriously with utmost dedication & care! Their work just amazed us!
The next area that amazed us greatly was the Kitchen 6 Team!
The Staff at the reception, to the Table Attendants, Chefs, live station Crew & every staff there who help manage the morning breakfast rush hour efficiently truly deserve a pat on their backs!
How busy the meal times turn out to be & how fussy & irritable some guests become, the crew never lose their cool & smile! Very attentive & prompt in their services!
Food was great too!
At Rang Mahal, food was good, ambience spectacular & service was truly great!
One staff, Damini stood out as she was extremely friendly & caring towards all her guests! I had a minor fall outside the Hotel during one of the stays & had to dine in & cancel a reservation outside!
I shared the incident to Damini & after taking our orders, she returned shortly with a warm pot of tumeric milk, saying her Mom would give that to her when she was not well! Truly touched my heart as I was already feeling a bit down by the fall that morning!
She reminded me of my daughter!
The Japanese Rest there serves very good Sashimi & Sushi! Super fresh!
Everything abt JW Marriot Marquis  was Fantastic & Every Staff working there were Amazing!
I wholeheartedly recommend this Hotel to anyone who wants a home stay feeling away from their loved ones! Thank you JW Marriot Marquis Dubai! We will truly return back!

فندق نظيف وراقي

I started at this hotel as part of Emirates's Dubai connect. Very spacious rooms with great views. The complimentary meals at kitchen 6 were also excellent.

Great experience. Location is good for corporate and business travelers but for leisure travelers, may not be ideal. It's close to Dubai mall (free shuttle) and burj Khalifa but getting out of that area will take time especially at peak periods. Metro is walkable, but not close enough to make it multiple times a day. The hotel itself is excellent and the hospitality is awesome. The folks who work there deserves special kudos for their warmth and helpfulness.

很不错，位置很好，早餐也很好吃，有一楼和六楼，建议去一楼，酒店就是人很多，距离地铁口也不算近，周围吃饭的地方不是很多，挨着迪拜河，

Excellent service team. Breakfast buffet many varieties. Free shuttle service to dubai mall. Will definitely recommend this hotel to stay when visit dubai

Very nice

My wife and I had such an incredible experience here for our honeymoon.  We'd had such a long travel time by the time we arrived (15 hours of flight time), and were praying for a smooth check in.  Amr did such a great job.  He made us feel so welcomed.  Also, once he found out it was our honeymoon he upgraded us to an Executive Suite, and gave us some wonderful chocolate as a gift.

The room was breathtaking, as it had such a great view of the city.  The lounge was amazing as well.  Every meal was great, and the service was excellent.

Can't wait to visit again, and definitely look forward to staying here again.

We stayed at the JW Marriott in Dubai, a very large hotel with two towers of over fifty floors and an impressive number of staff. The service is very good overall, employees are professional, attentive, and genuinely helpful.

However, the sheer size of the hotel slightly reduces the overall experience, as it feels less personal. The rooms are quite dark and, in my opinion, feel a bit outdated. I’m not sure how long the hotel has been open, but this impacts the perceived value.

Considering the room rates, the price-quality ratio is not ideal. There are certainly other hotels in Dubai that offer a more modern atmosphere and a better overall experience for the same price, or even less.

Amazing breakfast, big hotel nice rooms. Very busy that s why you should go breakfast early.Good location, good service.

房间很大很宽敞！环境安静优雅！卫生间干湿分离还有浴缸也十分干净舒适！建议不用选海景房，就一条河阳台还不能出去！建议选带早餐的！住的地方早饭要很远的，最近的就是迪拜Mall开车也要20分钟！

Very good experience !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Sehr schönes Hotel mit einer großen Auswahl an Restaurants und zwei schönen Rooftopbars.

房间很大，层高高，隔音好，睡觉很舒服。酒店有免费的巴士到迪拜mall,这点很便利。还有泳池那可以看见哈利法塔，提供星巴克咖啡。早餐超级丰盛，房间卫生干净，这酒店在迪拜算是性价比高的酒店了。

L’hôtel est très bien situé avec un accès direct au mall de city center ||Les chambres sont spacieuses et très propres ||Les infrastructures sont très bien entretenues: la piscine, le spa et la salle de sport sont modernes. ||Le gros plus du séjour a été la qualité du service. En effet le personnel a été incroyable. Ils ont tout mis en œuvre pour nous offrir un séjour de qualité. L’anniversaire de mon neveu a été organisé à la perfection par Safia. ||Mohsen ainsi que Koussay ont été aux petits soins et ont répondu à nos moindres besoins. J’ai rarement vu un personnel hôtelier autant à l’écoute. ||Merci encore à tous pour ce séjour.

一入酒店开始就有服务员欢迎和引领。办理入住的前台柜台有几个，很快捷和热情。在电梯大厅也有服务。早餐是丰富，有一整个柜面都是中餐。酒店出门走路10分钟就是地铁站。走路去迪拜Mall大约35分钟。

Nice location with nice amenities

I had a wonderful stay at JW Marriott Marquis Dubai. The level of service was truly exceptional every staff member was professional, welcoming, and always ready to help.
The room was spotless, very well maintained, and extremely comfortable, which made the stay relaxing from start to finish.
The hotel itself is impressive in size and facilities, and everything is handled with great attention to detail. While the hotel is a bit far from the metro station and the surrounding area is relatively quiet, this did not take away from the overall experience. It’s a perfect choice for anyone looking for high comfort, luxury, and excellent service.
I would definitely stay here again.

I recently stayed at JW Marriott Dubai and felt compelled to share my experience, which unfortunately fell far below my expectations. I have been a loyal JW Marriott member for over 10 years in India and have always chosen the properties expecting five-star service, especially during a special trip with my mother. However, my recent stay in Dubai left me feeling more like I was at a two- or three-star property.My concerns began upon arrival around midnight. I had two suitcases with me, yet none of the multiple staff members present in the lobby offered assistance, though I observed them helping other guests.Upon checking in, I had already prepaid for my room and paid taxes via card. Later, I received a call from the reception claiming my payment hadn’t gone through. I immediately verified my bank account and confirmed that the payment had been processed. Given it was almost 1 a.m., I offered to drop by at the reception the very next day.The following day, I went to the reception as requested and was asked to show the card I used. I was informed that the issue was a system error and they have received the payment. At no point was there an acknowledgment of the inconvenience this caused, which I found disappointing.On the night of my arrival, I had also ordered room service. The staff member delivering the food did not provide a payment machine and instead asked me to sign a bill. So after the payment issue was resolved, the individual at the reception told me that I immediately need to pay for the food I ordered in a tone that was unprofessional. I made it clear that I was happy to pay, but I did not understand the rush or the attitude. The staff member even smirked and waited impatiently while I explained that if I can make the payment for the entire stay which was approximately 5000 dirham, I am fully capable of paying 200 dirham for the meal. But the behaviour of this individual was completely inappropriate and made me question the level of hospitality.Additionally, I reported a leaking tap in my room, which I was later told had been fixed. Unfortunately, it was not resolved when I returned in the evening.I would also like to highlight an issue around breakfast arrangements on one of the mornings. I had an early skydive booking at 7:00 a.m., which required me to leave the hotel around 6:15–6:30 a.m., while my mother remained at the hotel. Knowing that the skydive activity typically takes 3–4 hours, I proactively messaged the hotel to ask whether it would be possible for my mother to have a small portion of breakfast packed for me, as breakfast was already included in my booking. I also clearly mentioned that I am vegetarian.The initial response I received was an outright no, with no effort to explore alternatives or solutions. It was only after I reiterated that breakfast was already paid for and included in my stay that an option was eventually offered. In my experience of travelling globally, I have never encountered a five-star hotel where the default response to a reasonable guest request is simply “no,” without attempting to find a middle ground. While I understand that not every request can be accommodated, hospitality should involve problem-solving and flexibility, not repeated refusals. This interaction further reinforced my disappointment and added to the overall negative impression of my stay.Overall, my experience was extremely disappointing, particularly given the high expectations I had from JW Marriott. The combination of inattentive staff, poor communication, and unprofessional behavior made the start of my stay regrettable, and I cannot in good conscience recommend your property based on this visit.I hope you take this feedback seriously and address these issues to prevent future guests from experiencing the same frustrations.

I recently stayed at JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Dubai, and honestly, it was an amazing experience. From the moment I walked in, the staff made me feel very welcome and looked after. The lobby is huge and looks super luxary, you really feel like you’re staying somewhere special.

The room was clean, spacious, and had a great view of the city. The bed was extremely comfortable, and I slept better than I expected after a long day. Housekeeping did a great job every day, and little details like fresh towels and water were always taken care of.

Breakfast was one of the highlights. There were so many options, from fresh pastries to hot dishes, and everything tasted great. The staff in the restaurant were friendly and always smiling, even during busy hours.

The location is also very convenient, with easy access to Downtown Dubai and other attractions. Overall, I really enjoyed my stay and would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai. I would happily stay here again.

The staff is the star of the hotel. We were taken care of extremely well. They are very organized and flexible. Umesh, Alaa and the rest of fhe team were veru supportivrle and accomodating to our needs.

Main entrance is a traffic jam nightmare at times

房间很大 视野很好！

فندق جميل وفخم
رواده من جميع الجنسيات

Heerlijk hotel! Het bed ligt lekker. De douche heeft een heerlijke straal.

Классный отель, когда-то был самым  высоким отелем в мире, с умопомрачительным видом на центр Дубаи. Чтоб полностью вкусить весь вид советую посетить Бар на 71 этаже в tower A.
Из минусов, в номере был балкон тоже с таким же видом, но в целях безопасности на него не можно было выходить.

Hotel is clean and various facilities. Convenient and great location!

C'est un très bel hôtel dans lequel on se sent vraiment bien accueilli. Les chambres sont très spacieuses, ce qui est appréciable. Le personnel est vraiment aux petits soins et cela se sent. Il y a beaucoup d'options de restauration y compris en chambre, ce qui est très pratique. Le spa est aussi très agréable et parfaitement entretenu. Dans l'ensemble, j'ai passé un beau séjour et je recommande vivement.
Certaines améliorations pourraient être apportées : très peu de rangement dans les chambres malgré l'espace immense, plusieurs appareils dans la chambre (pèse-personne et sèche-cheveux) étaient défectueux à notre arrivée. Suite à ma demande, l'un a été remplacé par un autre appareil défectueux et l'autre pas du tout suite... Dommage. La piscine mérite d'être davantage chauffée quand le temps est frais et très venteux : 28, c'est peu !
Nous avons également payé davantage pour avoir une belle vue et j'ai demandé une vue skyline mais notre vue était essentiellement sur travaux et zone industrielle...
La gentillesse est toujours présente, l'efficacité un peu moins parfois.

Awesome hotel

We had a wonderful stay and were accommodated in the Deluxe Corner Suite which was spacious comfortable and had lovely views. The room service was exceptional and the food was always delivered fresh and hot.

We opted for the half board package and both the breakfast and dinner spreads were excellent with a wide variety of options although there is some room to further improve the dessert selection.

The staff were warm welcoming and always smiling and greeting us. A special mention for the thoughtful gesture of gifting our 6month baby a sweet camel soft toy which was truly appreciated.

While the hotel is not within walking distance of Dubai Mall the location is still very convenient. Taxis are always easily available and the hotel also provides a complimentary hourly shuttle service to downtown.

Overall it was a great experience and we truly enjoyed our stay.

坐地铁不是很方便，配套设施完善

还可以不错哦油麦武汉先进性建设学校读书啊

非常推荐，这家万豪已经是我到迪拜白名单的酒店了。首先地理位置很好，去迪拜 mall 或者世界贸易中心都很近。十几分钟吧第二打车非常方便，基本上 5 分钟内车就到了。第三，早餐巨好吃，早餐丰富的不行，什么都有，它的早餐是很棒的。第四个酒店本身的硬件和软件都很好，房间是正常的万豪酒店房间，服务态度很好。第五个酒店楼上有一个很漂亮的泳池，泳池旁边有一个不错的餐厅，然后还有按 SPA 的地方。作为一个商务酒店，还挺舒服的。它的缺点是下楼附近没有地方可以逛一逛，是一个标准的商务酒店，满足所有商务的基本配套。还有一个好的就是楼层很高，风景很好，我记得应该是住在四十多楼，楼上的风景特别好，而且每天下午有 happy hour ，下午 2 点到 4 点可以到 Lounge 去喝下午茶，风景很好。要约客人谈事情，可以直接约到 Lounge 去沟通事情，还不收费。晚上 6 点到 8 点还有一个 Happy Hour， 也是可以到 Lounge 去喝东西的，所以整体还挺不错的。

I have had a very comfortable stay here so far and the service in particular has been outstanding.
Rajesh A has cleaned my room impeccably every day.
And I must shout out to Vishal from room service who has been exceptionally kind. One evening while bringing me my meal he noticed I was ill with a bad cold and immediately offered to bring me hot water with ginger and lemon, to help. It worked great. His kindness and thoughtfulness is a credit to the hotel and I hope he is appreciated for his excellent service

Enjoyed the stay as very close to Burj Khalifa and Dubai Mall with class of its own and very friendly staff. Sultan at front desk was great.

While the hotel offers a bustling atmosphere with a constant flow of guests in the lobby, it can lead to extended wait times of at least ten minutes for the elevator. Upon checking in, we discovered a broken toilet in our room, which was disappointing. Additionally, when I attempted to iron my jeans, the iron leaked water all over them, making for an unfortunate experience. To top it off, we encountered a power outage during our stay. On a positive note, I appreciated that breakfast was included, offering a wide variety of choices that provided good value for money. Overall, while there are areas for improvement, the breakfast is certainly a highlight.

Amazing

I had a pool pass at aqua today and I loved it! Best food and beverage credit. I had a poke bowl and calamari, and some yummy ice cream to end the meal, while lounging by the pool with the guests. Very chill vibes next to the Burj Khalifa

This hotel is in business bay facing the canal. The area is busy but fantastic for walking. All restaurants close by and the view is fantastic!!! Well recommended!!

酒店的設施，服務、食物都是非常好的！位置其實也不錯，就是會堵車。價格波動太大，一倍的涨跌都算正常，建議要預訂時仔細一點。

放拖鞋的柜子门是关不住的，一整夜灯都亮着。卫生间的台盆下水道漏水，打电话给前台，派来师傅看了后说龙头边上漏水，打了硅胶还让我们继续住。而且还没修好，之后还是漏水。万豪作为五星酒店，打过硅胶后1-2天不能使用，而且硅胶有味道的，还会让客户住在里面。晕倒设施设备很旧

Abit of a hassle at checkin. The front desk could not find our booking for two rooms. Took an hour but resolved in the end though. Lovely hotel otherwise, great location very bustling and lively, lovely staff and f&b options. Hats off to the breakfast buffet, very consistently good

酒店很大，房间宽敞，服务也还行，但酒店门口地方太小，容易堵车。房间的台盆下水管漏水，我们叫了人来修，涂了点硅胶，其实是有点味道的，但最后也没修好，还是漏的。因晚上想休息了，行李也都摊开，没有要求退房。在迪拜众多五星酒店中，JW万豪不算好，价格倒是算好的。

Service is extremely good. Some minor things only before perfect

Insgesamt nur eine 3. viele Mitarbeiter sind super nett und freundlich wie zb Muang der einen super Job macht . Jedoch gibt es komische Situationen im Hotel die ich nicht akzeptieren kann und mich massivst gestört haben. Für das Geld was ich gezahlt habe ist es das Hotel nicht wert

Be aware if you go with a Tinder date to meet for first time in the bars and restaurants in JW MARRIOTT MARQUIS DUBAI, you are in a direct SCAM. They ask straight for a bottle of champagne 3.500 dhm = 750$ + Dinner + shots... So nobidy will save you to pay +1000$ (comisión assured to the profesional lady) Marriott IS responsable and must check for bars mánager...

Attended JW Marriott Marquis Hotel Today for the summer pool day pass and honestly couldnt recommend it more! Such an amazing place, super nice vibes, food and views! Thank you so much for having me. Will be returning again

The hotel is just perfect- location, views, lobby, restaurants . Breakfast was delicious. Staff is so nice, they pay attention to every tiny detail. It’s great stay.

很好。房间很大，两大两小住没有问题。早餐不错。酒店有到迪拜mall的班车，很方便。酒店很大。保持jw的水准。不过大众交通不太方便。打车堵车厉害

Great Stay once again, superb staff , kids friendly, and food is perfect

さすが五つ星なだけあって、サービスは素晴らしかったです！朝食もこれまで行ったホテルの中で1番ではないかと思うほど種類豊富で毎日幸せでした。禁煙ルームにしたのに部屋がタバコ臭かったのが残念でした。あとは駅から遠いので空港まではタクシーで移動しました

Spent a lovely day at the pool @aqua. The food is good too as well as the place.

Lovely place to stay for a short break

Very tied rooms duct tape around the balcony door, phone hanging off the wall, door lock falling off broken work surface in bathroom.
very disappointing for a 5star

酒店内部的信息对齐很有问题，部分前台收到问题没有处理和安抚情绪，先甩锅。预定后给酒店邮件告知过生日，酒店回复会准备好蛋糕和简单贺卡等。1，check in时提醒有email预留准备，第一位前台p男士告知不知情，如果我们要蛋糕明天会提供。我们回复说明天退房了，需要今天提供。他说好的 会联系客房部送。2，过去2小时无果，我们下楼询问第二位前台，他只甩锅“这不是我处理的 我不知道 我们不可能因为你的email给你预留房间”，后联系大堂经理才解决。

בית מלון ברמה גבוהה מאוד.שרות גבוהה ורף גבוהה במיוחד.אנשים אדיבים ונחמדים תמיד שם בשבילך.חדר אוכל נקי ,אוכל טעים ומגוון.החדרים מרווחים וגדולים.תמיד בשביל האורח ישרתו אותך עד שתרגיש בטוח.במקלחת.חשבו על הכל וזה ממש חשוב אני ובעלי מאוד נהננו ואנחנו נחזור לרשת שלכם

There's a lot of variety in the breakfast buffet, but the food is mediocre

An absolutely stunning hotel paired with truly exceptional service. Every detail of our stay was handled with care.

Good

Great hotel loved every moment 5 star experience, great staff here , thank you for making our experience great !! Keep up the great service it pays off !!

Unser Aufenthalt im JW Marriott Marquis Dubai war rundum sehr gelungen. Die Lage des Hotels ist hervorragend und eignet sich ideal, um Dubai bequem zu erkunden.||Besonders positiv hervorzuheben ist der außergewöhnlich freundliche und hilfsbereite Service. Alle Mitarbeiter waren jederzeit professionell, aufmerksam und äußerst zuvorkommend, wodurch wir uns durchgehend sehr wohlgefühlt haben.||Insgesamt überzeugt das Hotel durch hohe Qualität, exzellenten Service und ein sehr angenehmes Ambiente. Wir können das JW Marriott Marquis Dubai uneingeschränkt weiterempfehlen und werden definitiv wieder das Hotel buchen bei unserer nächsten Dubai Reise!

Волшебный уикенд и невероятное везение. Я смогла присоединиться к празднованию ДР замечательной коллеги!!!☺️|Девчонки забронировали тур на 19-21 декабря 2025 года (из СПб) заранее.|У меня же всё случилось неожиданно, но сильно желаемо!|Поэтому мониторила авиабилеты до последнего. И о, чудо!!!🙏|Хватаю акционные билеты из Москвы и лечу-мчу в Дубай!||Отель замечательный,расположение удобное прямо в центре делового района  (и такси использовали, и метро недалеко). Добраться легко до всех основных достопримечательностей. Гулять пешком негде (но это нормально для Дубая,тем более делового центра).||Отдельно несколько слов о персонале на ресепшн. Чудесные,приветливые,  отзывчивые, понятливые, клиентоориентированные.|Я летела без брони отеля.|Заранее посмотрела, что номер, забронированный девчатами позоволяет разместить до 3х гостей.||По приезду в отель сразу попросили:|1) доп.кровать-место|2) высокий видовой этаж.|3) всё необходимое в номер для 3го проживающего.||Каково же было моё удивление, что мне предоставили место совершенно бесплатно...|Заселили на 49й этаж. Изумительные виды.|И очень оперативно принесли всё необходимое: халат, полотенца, тапочки и пр.||Номер огромный! Ванная удобная просторная ( там и ванна, и душевая кабина). Всё на уровне, конечно же!||Отдельное разочарование я испытала только от огромного кодичества проживающих в отеле (так то НЕсезон).|В ресторан на завтрак мест не хватало. Приходилось ожидать в очереди. Я понаблюдала за процессом минут 12 и стало понятно от чего такая ситуация складывается.|Менеджеры-админы зала бестолковые.|Очевидные моменты не замечают, гоняют бедных официантов бестолку и не могут сформулировать ни задание, ни команду толковую дать.||Официанты, кстати, очень шустренькие! Старательные.||Зато бар на 71-72 этаже - это кайф!|Отличные коктейли предлагают.|И прекрасно выполнили просьбу о бутылке шампанского в номер рано утром для поздравления именинницы!|Ведь праздник должен стать праздником!| Отдых удался.||Для себя лично поняла,огромные башни-муравейники просто не мой формат.|А отель шикарнейший!

Прекрасно все! Очень понравился вид из номера. Панорамные окна, вид на небоскребы и канал
Нет такого

Прекрасно все! Очень понравился вид из номера. Панорамные окна, вид на небоскребы и канал
Нет такого

Outstanding service and great customer service

Fantastic hotel, 1st time in Dubai, great location, staff very friendly and helpful,  especially Luis at the concierge desk and Jay att reception.

It is 1.30 in the morning and the music from the lounge is super loud. It is impossible to sleep. The walls are vibrating.

I would like to thank miss Mallika ,head of the front desk operations, for her great and swift response to handle my concern during my stay.

A good hotel overall, but elevators were a nightmare. The towers have insufficient elevator capacity - even though all elevators were operational, we had to wait 5-15 minutes every time just to get into one. Our room was on the 60th floor, and on the way down the elevator would stop at EVERY SINGLE floor. By floor 50 on the way down it would be chock full of people, jammed in like cattle. An absolutely unacceptable experience for a 5 star hotel. And even after being full, the elevator would still keep stopping at every single floor, even though no one was exiting. A genuine question to the management - why don't you add a weight / capacity sensor to the elevators??
The elevator experience was like that pretty much every time we needed to use one. On one occasion the wait was so bad that after 15 min, when a grumbling crowd of guests beame agitated, the staff asked  us to use service elevators in the cargo area.

This whole elevator situation completely ruined my impression of the hotel.

من افخم الفنادق المتميزة في دبي للاحتفال برأس السنه مع اطلالات متميزة على افق دبي والقناة الماليه ويرج خليفه

وسط اجواء متميزة ورائعه واكل مميز ولذيذ وخدمات عاليه

Excellent service, from Alex, Gaurav, Isuzu, Dev and the room service team. They took attention to detail and remembered everything and attended to every request swiftly. The phenomenal part was that they always gave enough water and had the rooms cleaned as soon as you had the room service bell on. For me to remember the names of the people from the bell boy, reception and house keeping means that they really made an impression. Even at breakfast by business bay the remembered my name and family and made sure the attended to us with a dedicated waiter. Top notch. Ill be going back there for sure.

Had a 4 night stay there with my family of 3 on vacation. I must say that the service was impeccable in all departments. From exiting the taxi, to staff in the lobby area, to staff at the lifts to cleaning service, room service, breakfast restaurant, allof the staff were extremely helpful and obliging. The rooms are large with huge bathroom.  Definitely a 5 star experience and worth the price I paid. I would definitely return. About 10 minutes away from Burj Khalifa and Dubai mall

Amazing place

we really had a great time here, the staffs are super nice to us and make us feel like home.

房间设施不算新，位置不错，做攻略说是饭好吃！确实好吃哈哈哈哈哈，就冲这一点就可以，早餐人比较多，可以适当避开高峰时段！

Super

One of the best and most luxurious hotels Ive been to and generally very good but one thing is that when I went there around a year ago and i told them to prepare the room as a honeymoon sweet but they only put a chocolate cake

Rare Reviews I Ever Post.. But I Had To Seriously Put For This Hotel..
After Paying Top $, Its Shocking To Experience - Malfunctioning AC Which Chooses To Increase Temperature On Its Own.. I Had Sleepless Nights For Less Cooling.. We Made Atleast 3 Complaints On Our Ongoing 7 Night Stay..  Absolutely Disappointing, D8s Heartening, Annoying Experience.. On Plain Basic Unfulfilled Expectation.

Out of any of the hotels I have stayed at, the JW Marriott Hotel, Dubai is the best of the best. The staff are on another level of helpfulness and are extremely friendly. The overall service is prompt and exceptional. I will be coming back very soon and I strongly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a place to stay, perfect location, great rooms, and unbeatable service.

This place is truly one of a kind.

An absolute delight to stay here. The location is perfect with easy access to all of Dubai downtown. There are 17 restaurants on the property with a good gym and the rooms are fabulous

Lovely hotel with pool and good food

We had a wonderful experience with Mariott during our stay at the place. The place is centrally located with Most of the tourist destinations were 20-30mins away by taxi. The breakfast buffet spread was huge by any standard but tends to get repetitive after a few days. The staff were all very cordial and helpful with a special mention to Gaurav/Gautam.

Отель просто потрясающий - настоящие 5 звезд. У нас был номер на 70 этаже с прекрасным видом на город.  В номере есть все нужное, не было переходника на европейскую вилку зарядку - попросили, принесли через 10 минут.

Был включен завтрак - два ресторана на выбор, все вкусно, очередей нет.

Расположение отеля хорошее - до Бурж Халифы и Дубай Молл - полчаса пешком, совсем рядом станция водного транспорта, есть магазины и банки для обмена валюты.

Отдельное спасибо Островку - рассматривали варианты брони через букинг и трип ком - на островке оказалась лучшая цена и можно оплатить российской картой.
-

Отель просто потрясающий - настоящие 5 звезд. У нас был номер на 70 этаже с прекрасным видом на город.  В номере есть все нужное, не было переходника на европейскую вилку зарядку - попросили, принесли через 10 минут.

Был включен завтрак - два ресторана на выбор, все вкусно, очередей нет.

Расположение отеля хорошее - до Бурж Халифы и Дубай Молл - полчаса пешком, совсем рядом станция водного транспорта, есть магазины и банки для обмена валюты.

Отдельное спасибо Островку - рассматривали варианты брони через букинг и трип ком - на островке оказалась лучшая цена и можно оплатить российской картой.
-

Felt lucky to stay in this property hoping to come back again.

